

"Come on! We have to hurry!" With Pokeballs in each arm, Ronald and Damon didn't have much time left before the Pokemon Center collapsed.

They were jumping over rubble and leaping over chairs as they made their way out.

Damon leaped and managed to get out with the Pokeballs intact. Ronald made the same jump, but he accidentally left one of the Pokeballs inside.

Ronald knew what he had to do. He jumped back into the crumbling building. "Ronald! Don't!" Damon tried to get back in there too, but the police officer held him down saying it was too dangerous. "But my friend is in there!" he complained. But the officer said there was nothing he could do.

Ronald bounded like a Deerling towards the Pokeball. Then, he noticed the ceiling was starting to come down. He did the only thing he could think of, he slid toward the Pokeball and grabbed it just as some rubble crushed his leg.

He winced at the pain and realized what was going to happen. Damon had broken away from the officer and came up to the entrance. "Don't worry Ronald, I'm coming for you."

But Ronald held up his hand and shook his head. Then he threw the Pokeball at Damon who caught it. Damon suddenly realized what was happening. "No... No, Ronald. There has to be another way."

Finally, slowly, Ronald took off his belt, which had all of his Pokemon in their Pokeballs strapped to it. He could feel his Pokemon's sorrow as they knew what was happening as well.

He looked at Damon one last time and whispered. "Good-bye." He threw his belt at the same time as the ceiling caved in.

The belt landed in front of Damon. His hands shaking, he picked up the belt that belonged to his friend. He doubled over and wailed, screaming "RONALD!"

Later that day, Ronald's mother was sitting in her living room, when she heard someone knocking on the front door.

She raced to the door and opened it. Instead of who she was hoping for, she found Damon standing there, holding Ronald's hat.

"I'm sorry. This was all they could find." He handed the hat to her. She fell on her knees and, eyes locked on the hat, began to sob terribly.

The next thing that Damon did was release all of Ronald's Pokemon. They had known all along what was going to happen and, after taking one more look at each other, took off in different directions.

And so, on that day, people and Pokemon alike, came together and mourned the loss of a bright light, that shone across them all.

It was reported the next day that all of the Pokemon were rescued from the Pokemon Center. And there was only one fatality reported that day.


And so, that's where our story ends. The brave actions of one child saved everyone that day, even at the cost of his own life.

...

...YEAH RIGHT!

What? You thought that that little sob story was all that was there for this story? No way! There's a lot more that's bound to happen in the future, so stay tuned.

>