
The Next Morning Rika's POV Rika awoke very early the next morning. She groggily sat up and yawned loudly before laying back down and looking at the unfamiliar ceiling. Oh yes...That's right. Rika thought to herself. I'm at Koto's place. She let her mind wander to thoughts of the day past. Horrible memories crept up into her mind, making her feel alone and scared. That is, until the image of Koto entered her subconscious. Rika couldn't explain it, but every time she thought of her dearest friend, she always managed to feel better about anything. As if the mere thought of Koto lifted her spirits and sent her soaring. Speaking of Koto, Rika heard light breathing coming from beside her. Her eyes widened as she discovered a very real and very shirtless Koto was sleeping in the bed next to her. Why is he here...What happened last night? Rika quickly went over the events of last night, with her soonest memory being that of falling asleep, alone, in bed. Did I do this? Rika blushed lightly at the thought. Her next move was to get dressed. She quietly pulled herself out of Koto's bed and crept to the bags she had left in Koto's closet. Throwing on a long night gown, she looked back at her friend, still fast asleep. I think he'd be okay if I left him like this. Still...Rika thought. She took one last look before quietly making her way downstairs to make food. After several minutes of sizzling some eggs in a pan, Rika heard footsteps coming downstairs. She looked up to see Koto sleepily heading towards her, clad only in light sleeping pants she presumed he'd picked out of his dresser. "Good morning," Rika said with a bright smile, blushing lightly. "Morning," Koto replied, a light smile forming under his still half-closed eyes. "Breakfast already Rika? You really don't need to do anything like that." Rika's smile turned to a small frown. "Nonsense! If I'm going to stay here, I'm going to do my share." She looked into his eyes, he displaying her smile once more. "Besides. It was so nice of you to let me stay here, so consider this a thank you." Koto's eyes opened fully as he looked back at Rika. She looked rather pretty standing there in his kitchen like that. Night gown flowing, hair dancing around her shoulders. Koto got the feeling he was staring, and snapped back into focus. "Heh. So. If we're on leave for the next two weeks, what did you want to do?" Rika took the question to heart. What would she do? She'd stay here obviously, but would she really just read books and feel solemn? No. She thought. I'm not going to waste my time here. She looked back at Koto. "I've always wanted to see more of the city you know. Since I'm not from this district like you are, maybe you could show me around?" Koto gave her a light smile. "Sure. But let's rest a few days first okay? My arm is still pretty sore." Rika smiled warmly at Koto. Then, all of a sudden, she quickly moved towards him and gently brushed her lips against his cheek. Rika couldn't tell why she's been compelled to do this, but she was. She immediately turned a bright red as she turned away from Koto, embarrassed. Koto put a hand on her shoulder and gently turned her around. He looked straight at her, his mouth unmoving, yet his eyes said it all. Thank You. Rika looked over at her friend and couldn't help but note how good he looked. He wore a black button up shirt with the top three buttons undone. A long white bandage was wrapped the length of his arm, though only the hand was seen as his sleeves were left unrolled. His hair was pushed back, revealing his emerald eyes which shone lightly behind his regulation-style glasses. His outfit was completed with black dress pants and black leather shoes. As always, his familiar Yin necklace hung around his neck. Rika must've been staring because Koto looked back at her with a "You okay?" "Y-yes. I'm fine. Why wouldn't I be?" Rika had sounded a bit harsher than she intended, but Koto took no notice. "Just trying to look out for you is all. Let's go." Koto turned and began to walk ahead, while Rika took a moment to look over herself. She wore a plain but elegant black dress and black slippers, along with her own pair of regular glasses. She let her hair fall down around her shoulders, the light curls bouncing on her skin. Rika felt awkward dressing in anything that wasn't her military uniform, though she did her best to hide it. She caught up to Koto and began their temporary vacation. The day went by quickly, but not so much that the two didn't enjoy themselves. They walked down the market street, looking at the various trinkets and odd objects that were made and sold by the shopkeepers. Koto bought Rika a silver chained necklace with an amethyst pendant on the end. This gift took Rika by surprise, and she had a hard time accepting it. But Koto insisted, so she took the necklace. Afterwards, they went to dinner at a well-known local restaurant famous for it's noodles. The two placed their orders and the food came quickly. After a quick 'itadakimaaaasu!' The two began eating. They hadn't spoken much throughout dinner, so Rika boldly decided to inquire more about the things she hadn't known about him. "Koto?" Rika asked Koto after swallowing some of her broth. "Yeah?" "What happened to your family?" Rika had tried to be light when asking, but her curiosity got the better of her and she looked far more intrigued than she should've. Koto's eyes looked solemn and he looked down. He took a moment before he spoke. "My family consisted of me, my parents, and my little sister. My parents were titan researches for the Survey Corps, so they weren't home often. Usually I was left alone while they'd venture out into the Titan territory. One day..." Koto's voice became even more serious. "The Survey Corps came back. As always, my sister and I were on the Main Street with smiles, waiting for our parents. But we couldn't see them. I began to worry, so I jumped in front of the soldiers, shouting at them to tell me where my parents were. At first, no one did anything. Then...a soldier came from the back with pieces of cloth in hand. He handed them to me with along with then Yin and Yang necklaces that my parents had been wearing. He didn't say anything, and after a moment the Survey Corps just kept walking..." A single tear ran down Koto's cheek as he clenched his fist around his necklace. Rika knew she had asked too much. She put a hand lightly on his shoulder in attempt to comfort the pained boy. To her surprise, he continued. "And then...only months later...the titans invaded Trost. I only had my sister, and some neighborhood friends. The titans got closer and closer to my house so I grabbed my sister and we started running for the gates. But..." Koto's voice cracked and he began to shudder as more tears fell down his face. "It was an aberrant...and...I..." Koto slammed a clenched fist against the table. "I COULDN'T SAVE HER!" That was the last straw. Koto broke down right there in front of all those. Tears fell and his breathing was ragged. Rika pulled him into her arms, as she too began to cry with him. She had never imagined that this much tragedy had befallen her best friend in his short life. And all she could do now was hold him and hope that he'd be okay.
>