

Web of the Spider

Disclaimer; I don't own anything related to Marvel or DC.

Explanation; while I was working on this chapter, my flash drive got corrupted and I had to start over. Then while I was re-typing it, I realized that I didn't like how I was making this chapter out to be. So I started re-writing it. Then I got wrapped up into college and just recently I found some time to work on this.

I apologize for the wait; I can only hope that it was worth it.

Part 6: It all starts when it should've ended


"To think we almost had something with him," Otto said as he saw a white blanket be placed on the stretcher and two guys in white uniforms take him away.



"I know how you feel Otto," said Toomes as he dropped a file on the desk behind him. "The symbiote has rejected people before but-." He didn't finish his sentence as he looked down at the floor, stained with clothing and a red substance.



Otto removed his glasses and rubbed his eyes with his other hand. "Get a cleaning unit in here quick before the smell sets in. I want an update on Cassidy's status when he comes out of surgery." Putting his glasses back on and looking back down below he released a deep sighed. "Get S1 back to his room, the last thing we need is for him to need a psychiatrist after having him go through all of this."



Two guards showed up and escorted S1 out of the training grounds.



"How many more Otto," said Toomes after a minute of silence. "How many more people are we going to have to sacrifice in order to see if that thing will like any of them?"



"You act like this is my fault," snapped Otto.



They both looked at each other in the eye for a few seconds before Toomes turned around to look down at the file labeled; V3.



"I'll talk to Osborn about this," said Toomes in a low voice. "He'll want to know what went wrong and I can give him some kind of answer when I see him."



"Show him the footage from the cameras," said Otto as he looked down at people in hazmat suits cleaning below. "He'll notice the problem right away as soon as he sees the tape, so don't press in to it unless he inquires it."



"Which is?"



"The symbiote started to react on its own accord when it came into physical contact with S1."


He stared at the guys in white lab coats as they wandered around him, come checking machines while others took notes on clipboards. Spider-Man could only do nothing but glare at them from behind his mask. A few guards stood by the door but neither of them paid any attention to him, talking to each other instead.

Once again in his life, Peter felt like he couldn't do anything. With everything he could do, all the trials he had went through; he was going to be used like a puppet. The one thing he was trying to avoid doing for long, he was going to be forced to complete.

Then he would go after all those with the meta-gene and those who had allied themselves with them.

Spider-Man started to struggle against his restraints. He felt weak but he wanted to escape, to stop them from using him- from using him to kill his family.

"There's no point in wasting your strength," he looked to his right to see a scientist walk in front of him, clipboard in hand and smile on his face. "In a few minutes I guarantee you won't even remember anything else that happened after tonight."

Spider-Man glared at the man in front of him but the man couldn't see it from the mask. The guards hadn't even raised their sonic guns, still talking to each other as if they knew Spider-Man couldn't escape.

"Your friend in their struggled for a little to," said the scientist as he nodded to another scientist that Spider-Man couldn't see. "Honestly, he was an animal before we even got to him. You I'm actually curious as to see what will happen. You have far better intellect than the other one."

Spider-Man still didn't say anything.

"It was always you that made this little suit react in such a way," another scientist came and brought a needle filled with the familiar black substance of the suit Spider-Man had seen in the jar. "The suit inside Carnage really reacted when it came in close proximity towards you. It was easy to deduce that the particles in him wanted to merge with you and vice versa. Which is understandable when you think about how this suit is made from the same suit you wear."

The scientist walked towards Spider-Man who struggled in his restraints. The scientist grabbed Spider-Man's right arm and brought the needle up to it.

"In case this kills you," said the scientist as he pushed the needle into the suit and injected it until it was empty. "I want you to know that the person who made your suit was a genius; years ahead of us all. I didn't come here for the money, I came for the chance to study stuff like you."

He brought the needle out and watched as Spider-Man withered a little before being still, his head lowered.

"Status," the scientist said as he looked over towards the scientist by the computer.

"His vitals are weak sir, nearly gone."

The scientist sighed before glancing at the body of Spider-Man and then turning his attention towards the guards who stopped talking to look back at him.

"Tell Mr. Trask that the operation has failed," disappointment was evident in his voice.

The shaking woke him up. He looked around the room, the lights were flickering, and sounds were coming from the next room. He heard the sounds of screaming, what sounded like shooting and then the lights flickered again before the orange field around him disappeared.

Carnage moved slowly out of the square field, looking around him. He felt something was close, something that was meant for him. He wanted it, wanted to be with it and then devour people with it.

Looking forward towards the large double doors, Carnage jumped back, instinct telling him that something was going to happen.

The doors flew off the hinges, an operating table or what was left of it flew over Carnage's head. Carnage however, kept his eyes on the entrance as he felt something stir within him.

From the entrance, came another symbiote, this one was taller than Carnage by a few inches and was pretty bulky. The suits mouth was opened slightly to reveal a row of sharp pointed teeth, the edge of his fingers looked like claws. What caught Carnage the most though; was the white spider symbol that was on the symbiotes chest, for some reason it greatly angered him and he let out a loud growl.

The black symbiote looked at Carnage, immediately noticing the glowing yellow streaks across Carnage's chest.

With a load yell, the black symbiote pointed towards Carnage. "
You have a part of Venom! Venom will get back part of Venom so we will be united
."

Carnage roared at Venom and charged at him, red tendrils appearing from his back as he did. Venom, simply grabbed Carnage by the neck with his left hand but the red tendrils struck Venom in the in chest. They would have pierced his skin had Venom not grabbed them with his other hand and forcibly pulled them out before throwing Carnage against the wall.

Carnage only landed on all fours when he hit the wall, making slight cracks but otherwise looking fine. He then jumped back at Venom only to be kicked in the chest and then punched in the face.

Venom saw Carnage grab on to his fist before the red symbiote used it to elevate him and punch Venom in the chest which the larger symbiote acted like nothing happened.

Red tendrils came from Carnage's shoulders and they leapt out only to be met with black tendrils. Venom grabbed Carnage by the neck and slammed in into the ground only to find himself being thrown to the ground by Carnage who grabbed his arm and forced him to the ground beside him.

Both got up quickly and Carnage kicked Venom in the chin and went to claw his chest but Venom recovered and grabbed his right wrist before he could strike. Venom then threw Carnage out in the direction of the entrance, running after him.

When Venom came into the entrance, he jumped up just as a large computer screen went through the entrance.

The room or what was left of it, was filled with broken computers, various destroyed equipment and a small puddle of blood on the ground.

When Venom landed on the ground, two tendrils came out of his back and picked up a computer monitor, throwing it at Carnage.

Carnage jumped over the computer monitor and used his tendrils to grab Venom's left hand before the black symbiote could web him and planted his foot in Venom's chest. Venom was brought to the ground, landing on his back before bringing his hand up to hit Carnage who only jumped over him as Venom got up. Venom grabbed the tendril still attached to his left hand with his right and tried to pull Carnage over towards him.

Carnage felt the tug and instead of resisting, he let Venom pull him towards him.

Venom didn't see it until it came; a kick directly to his face.

Venom stumbled back into the wall, the red tendril around his left wrist was gone and he glared at Carnage.

Both symbiotes then stopped and turned towards the door on the other end. The door was a single wooden but they both heard the noise coming from behind it. They both jumped onto the ceiling as a loud boom came from the door. Men in armor and carrying weird looking guns stormed the room.

Without any warning, Venom and Carnage dropped from the ceiling, surprising the men below.

One tried to fire his gun but Venom webbed it up and punched him in the chest. Carnage had used his tendrils to toss one around like a rag doll into other guards. Venom punched, kicked and tossed guards out of his way.

One guard tried to shoot Venom in the back but a black tendril came and pulled his gun out of his hands, snapping it in two. Venom turned around before the guard could try to run and picked him by his neck with one hand and tossed him at the wall. The guard broke the wall on impact, revealing an empty hallway as he landed on the ground.

When Venom saw there were no more guards, he turned around to find that Carnage was gone. He didn't have to look far as the red symbiote dropped from the ceiling and with a red tendril, tackled Venom into the wall. Venom landed on the ground in the same hallway he had thrown the guard at. The black symbiote tried to hit Carnage but the red symbiote had jumped over and as Venom was getting up, red tendrils wrapped around in his neck, strangling him.

Venom brought a hand up to the tendrils around his neck, cutting of the flow of air. He then wrapped his hand around one of the tendrils behind his neck and pulled on it, jumping up as he did and turning his body over. Carnage went underneath him and Venom flipped out of the red tendrils grasp and felt the air return to his lungs.

With Carnage still underneath him, Venom brought his foot on the red symbiotes chest as he fell to the ground, seeing Carnage sputter in breath for a few seconds, made Venom chuckle before raising his left arm, turning his hand into an axe. He brought the axe down, aiming for the red symbiote's head.

He was met with resistance in the form of a red axe coming from Carnage's right hand. Venom added more force to break through Carnage's axe but the red symbiote held up. Carnage raised he right hand and his red claws extended towards Venom, striking him in the chest and causing him to take a few steps back, ripping out the tendrils as he did.

They returned to Carnage's hand and both symbiotes got rid of the makeshift axes in their hands before charging at each other. Venom dodged Carnage's punch but the Carnage ducked to avoid Venom's backhand.

Carnage jumped back from Venom and released a few red tendrils from his back and moved them towards Venom. Before they could touch him, Venom webbed the tendrils in one place and then webbed Carnage's arms together. The black symbiote was upon Carnage in one swift movement before the red symbiote could break out of the webs and picked him up by the head, throwing him towards a pair of steel doors in front of him.

Carnage went right through the steel doors, going through an empty glass case and landing on the ground. Venom went through the newly made door and took one look around the room for Carnage.

The room was a large laboratory; blue tiles, walls and floors made the room. There were a few machines, a few empty glass cases but Venom found himself looking at the glass case of a damaged robot.

The robot looked like it was modeled after a Rhino and for some reason Venom didn't like it. A few black tendrils came out of his body and grabbed the nearest thing they could get; a large desk. The tendrils immediately threw the large desk at the robotic Rhino causing the desk to break the glass and bring the robot to the floor.

The desk lay on top of the robot which still lay motionless and that seemed to put Venom at ease. He then continued his search for the red symbiote, knowing that he would still be up after all that.

Venom stepped to the side to avoid the shard of glass that was aimed for his head. Looking to where the shard had come from, he saw Carnage, claws bearing and red tendrils coming from his back.

Without warning, Carnage charged at Venom who had no time to prepare. Venom took a step back as he grabbed at Carnage's claws to prevent them from nearing his head. The red symbiote pressed on, the yellow streaks on his chest glowing as he tried scratch at the larger symbiotes face.

With a loud yell, black tendrils came out of Venom's back and he shoved Carnage's claws away while backhanding him in the face. Carnage landed on the ground but Venom was far from done.

The black symbiote raised his left hand which turned into a large mace which he slammed into Carnage's chest a few times. When Carnage tried to get up Venom would bring the mace down again, making it bigger each time. Venom stopped when he saw the yellow streaks on Carnage's chest starting to flash.

Looking over the smaller symbiote for a few seconds in case he tried to pull a sneak attack, Venom turned his left hand back to normal as he used his right hand to pick up Carnage by the neck.

Venom felt the suit within him tingle as he stared at Carnage, recognizing the part that was him inside of him. Three tendrils came out of Venom's chest, pulling Carnage into Venom's body as he let go of his hold on the red symbiotes neck.

A growl of delight escaped Venom's mouth as opened and closed is palms. Tendrils came out from his back and his shoulders, wriggling around the air as Venom let out a loud roar. His tendrils then went back into his body as soon as he finished roaring.

Bringing up his left hand, Venom pushed it inside his body and a few seconds later he pulled out Carnage, tossing him to the ground a few feet away from him. Venom looked at Carnage's body before he closed his mouth, as if it was never opened to begin with. His body became smaller; his claws becoming normal hands, his muscles went down as well.

Spider-Man looked around, noticing he wasn't strapped down anymore and that he was standing in an unfamiliar room. His eyes shifted down to the floor, Carnage was on the ground on his side, breathing so lightly that Spider-Man almost didn't catch it without focusing on his chest.

'What happened,' thought Peter as he looked down at his hands, wondering why he felt so different. 'Why do I feel this way? What could have led up to this point?'

Out of the corner of his eye, Spider-Man saw something gray leave Carnage's chest and move away from him. Seeing it now, Spider-Man could identify it as a puddle of goo that seemed to have a mind of its own. The goo stopped when it was in front of Spider-Man and then to the web slingers amazement; it grew.

It grew tall, a few inches taller than Spider-Man, then it started to grow out its body. It was very muscular; its body was hunched slightly over. It had the same white eye style as Carnage but it was longer because its face as bigger.

"What exactly are you?" Spider-Man thought as he looked at the gray suit. The gray suit didn't respond, only looking absentmindedly at Spider-Man. "You're a symbiote no doubt but you're without a host. The question is how are you able to become what you are now? I guess that's something I'll have to find out."

The gray symbiote then turned its head towards the set of doors at the back of the lab, opposite of the missing set of doors on the other side.

"Trask," the gray symbiote said as gray tendrils came out of its back.

'That's not good,' thought Spider-Man as he moved to stop the symbiote from moving towards the door. Without warning the gray symbiote turned its head around towards Spider-Man, a gray tendril came from its shoulder and pushed Spider-Man back by his chest to the floor. As Spider-Man got up, he saw the gray symbiote disappear into the doors, breaking them off their hinges as it left.

'I need to put a stop that thing, before it gets to Trask,' Spider-Man may not like the younger Trask but he couldn't let him get hurt. 'It would be poetic in a way; monster kills son like he did father.'

Looking down at the red symbiote, Spider-Man decided it would be better to be safe than sorry so he webbed up Carnage like a cocoon. The second he was done, he webbed over towards Trask's office with one thought in mind.

'Why are my webs black now?'

Spider-Man had been able to follow the destruction of the gray suit for awhile before losing its trail completely.

Somewhere along the lines of bodies on the floor, the gray suit must have taken another direction than the trail suggested.

Spider-Man then did the only thing he could think of in order to try to locate Trask's office; he went into the vent system. It took him awhile of searching but he found Larry Trask, pulling out a gun from behind his desk and sitting in a chair while facing the door. Spider-Man slowly opened the vent, making a line of web that he used to lower himself down behind Larry.

When he was right behind him, he could see Larry holding the gun to the door and occasionally glancing at the window.

"Puts your nerves on edge waiting for your enemies huh?" asked Spider-Man.

Larry turned around bringing the gun but Spider-Man dropped down and brought his foot down on Larry's right wrist. Larry dropped the gun and held his now aching wrist in his left hand while he glared at Spider-Man.

"Though a normal gun probably wouldn't do anything," said Spider-Man as he webbed the gun into his hands and webbed it into the wall behind him. "Especially against a suit, that most likely wants to kill you for the simple fact that you are your father's son."

"And what exactly do you intend to do about it?" asked Larry. "You going to kill me before that suit can?"

"I'm not surprised you would think that," said Spider-Man "The only think we can do now is get you to the police before the symbiote can make its way here."

"I'm not going anywhere with you," Larry said as he took a few steps back. "I'd rather take my chances here than going somewhere with you."

Spider-Man took one step forward. "I didn't ask for your permission."

Right when Larry was about to say something else, a crash came from the window and the gray symbiote landed on the red carpet. The gray symbiote settled its eyes on Trask and growled before moving to grab him. It stopped when a lamb was thrown at its head and as it turned to look at Spider-Man, Larry ran out of the office.

Spider-Man ran towards the gray symbiote that turned its attention to the doors Larry had gone through. Before the symbiote could move towards the doors, Spider-Man had sent a kick right on its neck and the symbiote went flying out the large window it had come from. Landing on the ground in a stance, Spider-Man watched the window before turning to look at the door that Larry had gone out of.

'Little weasel is probably making his way towards an escape route,' thought Spider-Man. 'Going out on ground is a little too long with how high up his office is-wait a minute. There's only one reason why he would have his office this high.'

Spider-Man then looked back out the window, before running out of it into the night. He web-pulled himself towards the building and ran up to the roof, where he saw a chopper on a platform on the opposite side.

'The layout of this roof is similar to Trask industries,' Spider-Man thought. He saw Larry come out from a door on the left side and run towards the chopper.

Just as Larry was opening the chopper door, a loud crash came from behind him. Spider-Man saw the gray symbiote land on the ground, probably having jumped from somewhere to make it onto the roof.

"Trask," the gray symbiote said as it looked at Larry who went into the chopper and closed the door. "TTTRRRRAAAASSSSKK!"

'It doesn't trigger my spider sense,' Spider-Man thought as he moved to stop the symbiote as it made its way towards the chopper.

Spider-Man used his webs to pull the symbiote back but the symbiote only turned around, grab the black webs and swing Spider-Man off the roof. Spider-Man quickly web-pulled back onto the roof, landing a few feet away from the gray symbiote that was nearing the chopper.

The choppers blades started spinning as the gray symbiote clawed the side of it. Large slash marks appeared were visible on the side of the chopper and they symbiote roared as it started hitting the door to the cockpit.

'The chopper will fall off the roof before that door breaks,' Spider-Man thought as he ran towards the chopper, taking note that with each hit the symbiote made , the chopper moved closer to the edge.

Spider-Man grabbed the gray symbiote with two tendrils from his arms and pulled it over towards the center of the roof. The gray symbiote got up and unleashed a mighty roar before charging at Spider-Man who jumped over it.

Spider-Man came crashing back down to the ground by two gray tendrils that latched onto his shoulders and pulled him down to the ground. The gray symbiote turned around as Spider-Man struggled to escape from the gray tendrils that had wrapped around his body.

The gray tendrils lifted Spider-Man up into the air and brought him crashing back down. When he was raised into the air a second time, Spider-Man shot a web at the gray symbiotes face. Feeling the tendrils loosen, Spider-Man squirmed his way out of them and landed on the ground.

He quickly got into a stance as the gray tendrils retracted back into the symbiotes body. The gray symbiote had removed the black web from his face growled before rushing towards Spider-Man.

Spider-Man moved out of the gray symbiotes grab and sent a punch to its stomach but it didn't seem to affect it as it only tried to grab him again. The gray symbiote tried to use its claws on Spider-Man's stomach but only hit air. Spider-Man jump kicked the symbiote in the chest and pushed it back, only for it to grab his right arm with a gray tendril.

Before Spider-Man could try to pull it off the symbiote threw him over the roof again. Spider-Man would have gone over had he not webbed the edge and pull himself back. He looked at his right arm and saw that a piece of the gray tendril was still on it. Quickly pulling it off, he was astonished to see it melt and turn into smoke when it hit the ground in less than ten seconds.

Before the wall crawler could think about it, he saw the gray symbiote near the chopper again. Spider-Man raised his left arm and shot a web near the platform of the chopper and used it to pull himself towards the gray symbiote that still had its back turned.

The gray symbiote raised his right arm and when Spider-Man was about punch him in the back, the gray symbiote clawed Spider-Man in the chest. The force sent Spider-Man sprawling on the ground a feet away, blood from the wound on his chest started to appear before vanishing as his suit healed his wounds.

Clenching his palms into fists, Spider-Man got up and ran towards the gray symbiote that was clawing at the chopper doors.

When he reached the gray symbiote, he grabbed the wrist before the claw could reach his face. Spider-Man brought the gray symbiote to the ground in front of the chopper, letting go of the symbiotes arm.

The gray symbiote got up, just as Spider-Man punched it in the face. Spider-Man continued to punch the symbiote in the face, then the chest, before kicking him to the ground. Raising his hands which then turned into maces, Spider-Man brought them on the gray symbiotes chest and face.

Stopping when he saw that it wasn't moving anymore, Spider-Man turned towards the chopper and saw his hands go from maces back to normal. His attention was brought to the load roar coming from behind him. He turned around and just as the gray symbiote was about to lunge at him, Spider-Man punched it under the chin. His fist was doubled in size from the mass that had wrapped around it and the gray symbiote flipped over on to its stomach.

Spider-Man watched in fascination as the gray symbiote started to evaporate, shrinking down to the size of a puddle before going up in smoke in to the night sky.

Taking a look down at his hands in wonder how he had been able to do that, he realized that he would have to figure out the answer another time. Turning around towards the chopper, Spider-Man walked over to the door and opened it up, taking note that he probably broke the door as well.

He saw Larry in the process of taking off his seatbelt but Spider-Man webbed him by the waist to the seat and even webbed his arms to his sides.

Looking down he saw the golden medallion that Larry normally had around his neck on the floor by his feet. Using his webs to pull it to his right hand, he looked over it.

"That was a gift my father," Spider-Man looked to the glare Larry was giving him. "Don't run your contaminated hands all over it."

"Well for a hidden son, your father sure did leave you with something odd," said Spider-Man as he took one more glance at the medallion that looked like it had glowed light green for a split second.

'Must be the situation getting to me,' thought Spider-Man.

Larry looked at Spider-Man before his vision started to fade and was replaced with weird images.

He saw Osborn walking out of jail, two men talking about something, the Justice League fighting something that looked like Spider-Man but was bigger and more menacing. He saw Carnage standing over a body with a man in a purple suit right next to him before seeing something big and green with glowing red eyes.

His visions faded as soon as he felt a weight hit his legs. Larry looked down to see his medallion in his lap and Spider-Man looking past him. The sound of what looked like sirens below was faint but he recognized them.

"I guess we made more of a ruckus then we thought," said Spider-Man as he looked back at Larry whose glare was now gone and replaced with emotionless stare. "So before the cops arrive, how did you put together all of this to try to kill me?"

When Larry didn't answer, Spider-Man continued.

"You couldn't have done this on your own. Trask's assets were partially frozen or split up between his friends," Spider-Man widened his eyes under his mask.

"That's right," said Larry as a smirk formed on his lips. "Logically there are only two people left who I could have stolen from in order to get all of this. Even though I go jail, you still become hunted by the people you should have killed years ago."

"No," said Spider-Man as he took a step back and looked at the early light of the sun. "I'm not a killer, I'm not the one who killed your father nor will I be the one to kill those who took away my chances at a normal life from the beginning. No matter what they drive me to; I won't kill."

"Well whatever's inside of you sure doesn't have your morals," said Larry.

Spider-Man looked down at his hand before clenching them. "I'll make sure to control it. You just make sure to fell at home in your cell."

With that being said, Spider-Man walked over to the edge of the building past the platform on the chopper and jumped off.

The hero went web swinging away, preparing himself for whatever fate would have in store for him.

He sat down on the opposite side of the table, looking first at the view to his right that showed the sun hitting a few of the buildings.

"I see your taste scenery has changed," he said to the guy opposite of him.

"Things do change over time," the man opposite spoke, his voice not as deep as the other man. "Taste in music, clothes, scenery and of course business."

"So I've seen," said the other man with the deeper voice. "Yet I've heard a lot of things these past few days as well."

"Larry Trask I assume."

"Who hasn't heard that story at this point? By tomorrow it will be old news."

"It's funny though," the man pulled out a cigar from suit pocket and offered it to the other man who shook his head slightly. "You give the son of some smart, yet stupid, business man couple bags money and even a few special weapons. Yet he doesn't get the job done, only manages to screw over everyone else in the process."

"You forget we technically didn't give that stuff to him so much as he stole it," the man said as the other man light his cigar and inhaled it before exhaling some smoke.

"So we gave him a bit of moral confidence, big deal," the man took another small puff before exhaling it again. The sun was hitting his bald head slightly but he didn't mind. "He just couldn't control that power, not that we should expect him to control S1 from the way Beetle described it."

"Is Beetle doing any better?" asked the man across from the man smoking. The sun that hit the side of his face seemed to make his skin shin ever so slightly.

"He's recovering at a nice rate, though his suit still needs a few repairs. I don't think he'll be enough though."

"Then we get a few more people involved, not that much of a problem. I think a certain hunter would want a second chance."

The man on the other side inhaled his cigar again before exhaling and smirking. His skin was darker than the man across from him. "Well it's your turn to pull out some muscle for this job, besides the hunter who will no doubt try to make this own game."

"I can assure I may know of a few friends that can probably help keep him in shape," the man folded his hands on the table while leaning back a little on the chair.

"Who are they friends with?" asked the guy on the opposite end. "Is it Tombstone their only friends with or are they known by others."

"I can assure you that they know the Kingpin as well," said Tombstone as he looked back over to his right. "Some of them even know the spider, so it will be like a reunion for him."

"I like the sounds of that," said Kingpin. "The sooner the better; the spider has messed with a couple of my operations here. Heard he got one of yours awhile back, must have been a setback."

"You have no idea," said Tombstone as he watched the Kingpin take another puff from his cigar. "I'd go to Gotham but I don't feel like getting headaches from a bat. That I think Black Mask won't be too happy to see me."

"Black Mask needs a little reminder on who helped out in his darkest hour," said Kingpin. "But enough of that mad dog; we need to worry about that group of heroes if we want to take out that spider or S1 as we called him."

"Feels like it was only yesterday that we saw him taking out a group of those sentinels," Tombstone let out a chuckle as he thought back to that day. "For that little league, I might have to call in a rabid dog for that."

"A rabid dog," Kingpin repeated before a sinister smirk graced his lips. "Give him a few tools and maybe even something bigger than dog that might be even more rabid or just as; then you can raise hell."

"You have something else in mind?"

"I do, but it won't require anything more than a little stretch of power."

"Of course with you we don't have to worry so much about power."

"Of course we don't; after all, controlling power is my business."

(To get this out of the way; I based the look on this Kingpin after Michael Clark Duncan)


He walked quietly into the house, locking it behind him. Memory told him that this would be nap time for the baby, waking him early would be a strain for his wife.



So he moved silently through the house towards the living room, were he could see a noticeable light coming from the shadows. He walked in to the doorway and saw the TV was on, no sound was emitting as the afternoon soap operas his wife loved to watch were currently playing.



"Home early I see," he didn't jump as he looked at the sofa to see his wife laying down while staring at the TV. "Normally I wouldn't expect you back until another three or four hours had passed."



"They let me off early," the man said as he laid his brown suitcase on the table. He walked over to the front of the sofa and his wife moved her legs to make room for him to sit down. He pulled down his tie a bit to give his neck some room as he kicked off his shoes that went a few inches away from him. "Got to wait for a few more numbers to run in order to go back and finish up a little project. So for now; I'm free."



"Not exactly," said the woman as she shifted so that she has her back on the man's lap. "You may be free from work but you're not free from your duties as a husband or a father."



The man smiled as he ran a hand through her brown hair. "I'd rather deal with that paperwork and running a bunch of tests." Their voices never became higher than a whisper.



The man then looked at the white crib across from them, just a few feet away from the TV.



"Let me hear you say that after a few dirty diapers," said the woman.



"Hah-hah," said the man. He then looked back to the muted TV. "How do you watch that stuff, much less without the sound?"



"It's a re-run," was the reply the man got. "I know in a few seconds she's going to tell the man that the baby isn't hers and the man is going to say 'how' before throwing his glass on the floor. Besides, the noise could wake up the baby and I don't want that."



"Still doesn't explain why you watch them?"



"It's a little bit comforting knowing that my life isn't has dramatic as the ones on TV."



"It also isn't acted out," the man added.



The woman chuckled before a frown reached her features as she looked as her husband's normally combed hair but was now ruffled and his eyes had bags under them. She looked up at her husband who looked down at her.



"Richard," she said softly. "How much longer are you going to be working with Osborn?"



"As long as he needs me and is willing to pay," said Richard.



"Tell me your real reason."



Richard didn't think that little lie could get past his wife. "I guess you could say I'm helping making a difference in this world. Like so many others before me I intend to help as many people as I can. At least, that's what I want to do to this world Mary, help the people. Especially-"



He was cut off a gurgle was heard from the crib. Immediately Mary got up and so did Richard as the couple moved over towards the crib and peered down.



Inside the crib, laid a small infant clothed in red footie pajamas surrounded by a mass of blue sheets, the baby had a bald head that showed signs of growing hair. The baby looked up at Richard and Mary before releasing a happy little gurgle and raising his arms up. Mary smiled before she picked up her baby boy and held him in her arms while Richard watched on with a big smile.



"That's why I keep working to the bone Mary," Richard said as his wife looked at him. "I know you think I'm pushing myself to hard but I have to make this world safe. There's only so much that the heroes in the world can do; who's to say they don't have a family like us?"



Richard held out his arms and Mary gently gave him their son. The baby looked at Richard's face before smiling as big as he could at him.



'I'll make the world a safer place for you to live in,' Richard thought as he looked into the innocent eyes of his son. 'I'll make sure you never have to live in fear; Peter.'


To be Continued in; Chronicles of the Spider- Late November.

>