

Chapter 1

Danny POV

I was about to walk into my house after a ghost fight, when there was a flash of pink light and I was thrown backwards into the building across the street. I look at the flaming inferno that used to be my house and ran. I didn't want to go to Vlad's so I decided to go to my uncle's place in Gotham. My mom had a half-brother that is another billionaire; I don't know where my parents keep on meeting these rich people, named Bruce Wayne. As I was running my left eye was hurting but I knew that I could see through it so that meant that I wasn't blind in that eye. When I reached the city limits I could hear a certain fruitloop's laughs.

Wayne Manor

Dick POV

Bruce and I were watching the news, when there was a special news report from a town called Amity Park. I felt Bruce tense at the sound of this and I wonder why.

"The Fenton Works have exploded with the loss of Jack and Maddie Fenton with their daughter Jazz Fenton. Tucker Foley and Sam Mason were also in the house when it went up in flames. The Fenton's son Daniel Fenton seems to be missing but we believe that he is also dead." When the news report ended I notice that Bruce got up and left room. Before he left the room I saw his face, he had a look of sadness and determination on his face. I knew that he didn't believe that kid was dead. I wonder what really bothered him; I mean it couldn't be about the family that just died. If it was then what is so special about this Daniel kid anyway.

Br/

It has been three days since Bruce locked himself in his study, probably looking for the kid. There was a knock at the front door that broke me out of my thoughts. Alfred went to open it and when he did there was a guy standing there leaning on the side of the door frame looking exhausted. He was about 6 foot; wearing a black hoodie with the hood up and a pair of dark blue jeans with tears on them. He seemed skinny for a guy his size but I could tell that there was some muscle under his clothes. I let my gaze go back up to his face; he had jet black hair that hangs over one of his eyes. His eyes were what caught my attention the most, his eyes were icy blue like crystals. I saw wisdom in his eyes, but also such fearlessness and wariness. A seasonal fighter was my first thought of him, so I was suspicious of him.

"Can I help you sir?" Alfred asked

"Yes I was wondering if this is Wayne Manor?" the guy replied

"Yes it is, sir why do want to know if this Wayne Manor?"

"I was wondering if I could talk to Bruce."

Bruce? "Why do you want talk to Master Bruce? What is your name sir?" Alfred questioned

The guy looks shocked for a moment then he looks down to the ground.

"Oh, I'm sorry my name is…"We didn't hear it when Bruce's voice came down the hallway.

"Who's at the door, Alfred?" Bruce asks, when he walks into the room. When he sees the guy at the door he freezes.

"Danny?" Bruce questions.

The guy looks up and at Bruce and smiles. "Hey Uncle Bruce."

>