



Afraid,





I don't know if we're heading
for a fall
You jump into the front to say you're a part of it all
Feed from their eyes,





Dream you're alive,





And feel…feel
The beast flies tonight,





And the world he describes
Suffer





Suffer…





- Fallen Souls - Ours








Fallen Souls



See me…
He moved
gracefully, elegantly. Wildly. Pure muscle, agility and anger. Silver hair blew
across his face, amber eyes blazing. He was inhumanly fast, and after
everything, painfully beautiful. So painfully beautiful.


See
me…


A clawed
hand tore through the air, separating head from body, blood spraying across the
wide expanse of grass. The sun was setting, throwing copper over the glistening
fluid, and the hanyou was but a shadow, lunging through the air, that long hair
flowing as if caught on an eternal wind. He always seemed to take so long in
the air, almost creating the illusion that he flew. He landed in a crouch, legs
tucking under his lean frame, hands bent in toward his chest. And above him,
the youkai fell apart, head flying in one direction, body slipping limply to
the ground.


Please
see me…


She
could barely move her limbs, her breathing heavy, ragged. Everything was heavy,
so unbearably heavy, and the simple action of blinking became harder and
harder. She wanted to close her eyes, for a moment, a small moment, to rest
them. But she struggled to keep them open, lips parted around her gasps, and
slowly, painfully, she reached a hand out across the grass toward the man. Her
vision swam and she didn't know if it was because of the pain in her body, or
the pain in her heart.


Please…only
me…


The head
of the youkai hit the ground and rolled, coming to a stop several feet away.
Out of the corner of her eye she saw it, realized that it had rolled back onto
its cheekbone and the eyes gazed at her, wide-eyed. Maniacally gleeful eyes.
She shifted her gaze over toward the miserable creature, fingers still reaching
for the hanyou.

The
silver-haired demon turned his head slowly, also looking toward her.

But she
could only stare at the severed head of the youkai, stare as something flashed
in the depths of his evil eyes. For the one moment she could see into its
malevolence, all the lives it had taken, all the pain it had wrought. And the
seductiveness of it still hung in the air, the pure emotion. The need. She
couldn't pull her blurry gaze away and she couldn't focus on anything but it,
as it beckoned with a wicked smile.


It's
always her…why? Why is it…


In a
blurred movement, the silver-haired man was beside her, clawed hands thick with
blood reaching toward her. And in that moment, the flashing light in the depths
of the youkai's eyes came at her, streaking forth and slamming into her as if
it had been a dead on attack. Her eyes widened as everything turned white and
she felt herself, ripping, tearing into two. Two sides of one soul,
unbalancing, falling apart. But there were four parts to the soul. Four. Valor,
Miracle, Harmony and Love. Love…


Why
is it…


The
silver-haired man reached out for a split second, one long-clawed hand taking
hold of her grasping one, and he squeezed it, tightly. Tightly enough to nearly
break a bone, crush it in his hand had he desired. But instead he knelt beside
her and took hold of her entirely, pulling her roughly into his arms, burying
his face into her neck. His breath was hot against her skin and he trembled in
her weak embrace, that soft silver hair falling across his shoulder and her
cheek.

"Kagome…"


Why
is it always…her?


And why
did it always hurt? Over his shoulder she could only stare at nothingness, gaze
clouding over. It would always be her, no matter whose name he whispered or how
he smiled at her. And inside she, herself, felt the sudden need to smile. To
smile sinfully.

Um, yeah, new story because I sorta can't seem to get a
footing with the other one I left open (The Lord of the Rings one). That and
Aes is having trouble keeping up with the other fic along with her own so I'm
starting something new, based on a new obsession. Hope you all like.

Also, because of the NC-17 thing, I also have this posted
on my website (just go to my profile to find the site) and most likely this
version for Fanfiction.net will be a more…innocent version than the one I'll be
posting over there. I also have my other NC-17 fics there, slowly being put up…

- Cass

>