


See Only Me:


He was
old, so painfully old. His dark hair had returned to its original silver color
but only because of age. He had long since given up his past, given up the wild
side of himself and he gazed out into the morning sun feebly. Years had passed,
making him older, making him wiser. And he still saw visions of a young girl
with long dark hair and cheerful dark eyes. He still saw visions of a wandering
monk and the tragic face of a girl who had lost too much too quickly. And
sometimes he saw the face of another young woman, only her eyes were sorrowful.
And when that face faded away it was replaced with the face of another woman,
another one who had passed on, who had lived such a lonely life apart from the
one she had loved. And he understood what it was to love someone and to be
apart. To spend a lifetime waiting to die just to move on. He understood. And
he was ready in the end. After such a long life, he was ready.

He brought
his eyes away from the morning sun and he looked down to his sword, still
resting against his shoulder. All these years and he had never grown used to
sleeping any other way except sitting up, his sword at his side. He ran his
hand over the blade slowly, gently, and he wondered for a moment what would
happen to it when he passed. Who would claim it in his name? Who would wield
it?

At his
side came a small sound and he looked up absentmindedly, meeting the eyes of a
young-looking male with red hair. The boy stood silently, merely resting
against the wall beside him and he managed a small smile for him, bowing his
head once more.

"It won't
be long now, will it?" the boy asked him quietly.

He didn't
respond for a long time, merely running his wizened hand over the blade. Up and
down, up and down. And as the sun was reflected in the blade's flat surface he
said softly, "It's been too long as it is."

The
red-haired boy did not reply to that, his head bowing. And they both listened
to the morning, the birds that chirped, the crickets that moved. The breeze as
it played with the trees. They heard it all and it was as it had once been, so
long before. Closing his eyes momentarily, the boy's fox tail twitched and he
sighed, remembering. Remembering it still.

"Will you
tell her I miss her?" he asked the older man quietly.

The man
nodded faintly, also closing his eyes as he leaned his head back against the
wall. And he saw her face still, heard her laugh and saw her become impatient
with him, screaming for him to sit. He would have allowed her to sit him always
had it just worked out. If it still had the chance of working out. All these
years would mean nothing, would just as soon be forgotten along with the sorrow
and the heartache if he could see her and stay at her side. All would be well
again.

The boy
smiled faintly, lifting his eyes to the sun and he murmured, "Tell her I miss
her ramen. And I miss her love." And he looked down at the old man but the old
man did not respond and did not acknowledge his words. His face saddening, the
boy knelt beside the old man to gaze at him and he seemed to sleep almost, his
face peaceful. The boy hesitated, merely staring at the old man and then,
tentatively he reached out to pass a hand over the man's shoulder, to rest upon
the flat of the Tetsusaiga.

"Better
yet, I'll tell her myself one day," he murmured.

When you
find your one true love, do you know? Do you automatically just know?

She
didn't know why but she always dreamt of a young man with silver hair and amber
eyes. And dog ears. It was very strange, to say the least, but when she thought
of him her heart seemed to sing and hurt at the same time. And he never really
smiled which made her want to
make
him smile. And sometimes, when he
annoyed her enough, all she had to do was scream at him to sit down and he
actually
did
. Sure, he would hit the ground pretty hard and when she
stood up he was
always
angry at her, but she loved him still and deep
inside she knew he loved her.

So…did
one automatically just know?

"Kagome!"

Her
mother's voice came up the stairwell and she checked her clock once more. Late
for class
again.
Why did this always somehow happen to her? She threw
the remainder of her books on her bed as she searched for her backpack
frantically. "I'm coming! I'm almost done!"

There,
under her desk. She snatched up the backpack, unzipping it. Reaching out for
her books she began to shove them in. And at the bottom of her bag gleamed
something white. With a small frown she reached in and pulled it out slowly.

A long,
silver strand of hair.

She had
half a mind to squeak and check her hair quickly for more offending gray hairs.
But instead she merely gazed at the single strand, her lips parting. It wasn't
one of hers. It couldn't belong to anyone she knew either, not at that length.
Slowly, she set it aside, staring at it for another moment as it gleamed on her
desktop.


He
always has silver hair…


She
looked away, turning her attention back to the matter at hand. She was running
late. She would be late for class again. She always figured college would be
different from high school but no, it seemed any kind of class or institution
of higher learning would have the same effect on her. She would always be late
and always be absent no matter how much she fought against it. It was almost
sad.



"It is
my choice. My decision..."


She
shoved the rest of her books into her backpack, those same words running
through her head as she worked, as she zipped up the bag.


"I
want you to have control of the Shikon no Tama. I want you to make your wish."


She had
been hearing those words in her head for a little over a year now. She didn't
know exactly when those words had come to her, didn't remember ever saying them
but they brought her comfort. Everything was a choice after all, wasn't it?


"I
want you to be happy…"


She loved
those small phrases, even though she had no idea what a Shikon no Tama was. She
paused, looking down at her backpack. And slowly, she felt her eyes get dragged
over to the silver hair once more. It shimmered delicately in the morning
sunlight. And she felt the comfort once more, a familiar longing.

And the
small voice in her head told her that today was going to be a different day, a
better day. Today her life would take a turn for the better, that she would
know it when she saw it, when she saw
him.


"Kagome!"

With a
gasp she brought herself back, flinging the backpack onto her back and dashing
out of the room.

"Your
lunch! Your lunch!" her mother called out after her and she waved a small tray
at her as she rushed by.

"Oh! You
know you don't have to do this anymore, mom," she said to the older woman but
she stopped to smile and give the woman a peck on the cheek as she took the
lunch. "But thanks!" And she raced off, stopping only to pull on her shoes and
then dash out. Her bike waited beside her grandfather, the old man looking off
toward the small shrine house. Towards the well. She paused, slowing, and
looked over as well, beginning to frown. "Grandpa?" she asked faintly.

"There
was a small shift today…" the old man murmured and he tossed an impish look at
his grand-daughter. "I feel great power…"

Kagome
managed to control the twitching eyebrow. "Do you?"

The old
man nodded and he backed away from the bike. "A great power…"

She
trusted his musings as much as his lies. With a sigh and another peck, this
time to the old man's cheek, she climbed onto her bike. "If you happen to see a
little girl climb out of the well it's because you didn't make a copy of the
video," she threw over her shoulder.

"And we
hired someone to take care of the shrine," the old man said, his voice
lightening. "I'm getting old, too old to do it myself…" and it sounded
suspiciously like a whine.

"You
hired someone?" she asked him, turning to look at him. "Mom and I could have
handled it. Even Souta-"

"He's
there, under the tree," the old man continued, motioning. She glanced in the
direction he pointed and he mumbled, "He's a lazy one, though…"

A young
man leaned against her favorite tree.


My tree…


His hair
was long and dark, falling down his back and his face was seemingly not amused.
In fact, he looked downright impatient, merely leaning there, his arms crossed
over his chest.


The
arrow…


He wore
the red and white uniform of the shrine, long red pants and a white haori. He
also wore what seemed to be a heavy chain around his neck, a beaded necklace,
and he looked like he was in one of the foulest moods imaginable. She
hesitated, staring at him.


The
past…


The boy
yawned, stretching out his arms lazily and then he scratched at his ear with a
cupped hand, the way a dog would.

"He's
very familiar, strangely enough," her grandfather said and he sounded distant,
lost under the sound of rushing air. Kagome blinked, dismounting from her bike
and she couldn't remember. She couldn't remember where she had seen him before.

"His name
is-"

"I know
his name," she whispered instantly even though she didn't and she found herself
moving, no longer in control. He was so familiar, so familiar…

The boy
caught sight of her then as she neared and he straightened, gazing at her with
slightly widened eyes. And that clinched it. She knew him from such a long time
ago. A long, long time ago…

As she
came to stand before him he studied her, his lips parting. She returned the
gaze, her own jaw falling open even though no words came out.

"Do you know who I am?" he asked
her, his voice rough and yet gentle.

She
stared at him as his dark hair blew around his face and she was taken aback at
how familiar he was, stunned to see that he had brilliant amber eyes that
glowed in the morning sunlight. He seemed like the kind to have dark eyes to go
with his dark hair but the amber eyes were gorgeous nonetheless. But she
couldn't…remember. She couldn't remember him, no matter how much she tried to.

"I'm
sorry…" she whispered, shaking her head slowly. "I can't…place you…"

"It's
fine," he said to her quickly, and he smiled, a mischievous grin that made her
shiver and glow all at once. "We can start fresh. As if we've never met
before."

Kagome
agreed slowly, nodding at him. "All right…"

And he
nodded as well, his smile slowly fading. Tentatively, he reached out and took
her hand, bringing her closer and she went a step, her eyes widening as he
looked down at her. His lips parted to speak, and he was hesitant, as if he
didn't know exactly what to say and she waited for him, frowning faintly.

"I
see
you, Kagome," he whispered to her, his amber eyes serious. "I see only
you."

And at
his words she suddenly knew his name, remembered his face as it had once been.
The silver hair on her desktop, shimmering in the morning sun. And she didn't
know how she knew him, only that she had been in love with him once and now
that she had seen his face once more she had missed it achingly.

"Inuyasha…"
she murmured.

His amber
eyes widened as she said his name, as she lifted both hands to his face to hold
it gently, her fingers cupping his jaw and running over his skin, his very
human ears.

"I wished
for it," he said to her, his face blurring as tears suddenly rose in her eyes.
Alarm entered his expression, sadness, and he said again softly, "I wished for
it, wished for you. For myself. For everyone. And the jewel ceased to exist
when I did. When I made my choice-"


"It is
my choice. My decision…"


"I wished
for humanity, for you. And I died a long time ago, without you. But I was
allowed to come back to be with you."

Kagome
nodded, her tears falling free.

"And…here
I am."


Here
you are.


Kagome
nodded once more and slowly closed the space between them, burying her face in
his shoulder. He smelled like the wild. Trees, soil and earth. The past. And
the scent surrounded her as he embraced her tightly, as if he was afraid to
ever let go again.


See
only me.


"Hey, you
lazy kid! Get your hands off my granddaughter!"

Inuyasha
hesitated, his frame falling wearily. "He's been yelling at me for a while
now," he growled under his breath.

Kagome's
voice came muffled and still thick with tears. "Have you been slacking off?"

He
snorted indignantly and then paused in thought. "Keh. Maybe a little."

"I don't
pay you to stand around and fondle my granddaughter-"

"You
haven't paid me for anything!" Inuyasha barked back over Kagome's head.
"Besides…" and his voice dropped mischievously, "I'd fondle your granddaughter
for free…"

Kagome
burst out laughing into his shoulder.

"I didn't
come alone," he said to her after another moment and she lifted her head then,
meeting his amber gaze questioningly.

"Who did
you bring?"

Inuyasha
glanced around, his expression becoming bored. "They're around. I'm surprised
you haven't run into them-"

"Stop
asking every girl!" came an angry feminine voice and Kagome whirled in time to
see a darting figure sneak out the front door of her house, followed by a
breathless girl. "That's Kagome's mother! She already has two children! She
doesn't have to bear you
anything!
"

The first
figure paused, turning to the heaving girl in a rather sudden movement. "Then,
Sango, will
you-"


"Don't
even think about it," came the flat reply.

Kagome
whirled to face Inuyasha once more, her eyes widening in disbelief.

"I came
across them a few months ago," he said with a shrug. "And they were
still
fighting…"

And also
from the house came a small child with red hair, following Souta as he poked
his head out quizzically at the fighting couple. Kagome stared, a hand lifting
to her mouth in utter incredulity.

"They're
all here…how-"

Inuyasha
was smiling faintly as she looked at him, his amber eyes trained on the group,
ignoring the angry shouts that erupted between the first two figures. "I
couldn't make one perfect wish so I ended up making a
long
one instead.
One that involved a lot of 'ands'," he explained and Kagome stared at him in
confusion. He glanced at her. "Don't ask."

Kagome
nodded, looking back toward the group as a third head joined the redhead and
her brother, his eyes trained on the very angry girl still screaming at the
first figure.

"Um,
Sango-"

"Kohaku,
get back in the house," the girl growled and she was rolling up the sleeves of
her shirt, advancing on the man smiling uncomfortably before her. "This is
about to get ugly…"

"Sango,"
the man said in a calming tone, "I wouldn't be asking half the women I do if
you
would just agree-"

"I
did
agree. Which is why I'm seeing you. Which is why you're still
alive,"
she said, still in a threatening tone. And she squeaked in surprise as the man
suddenly swept her into his embrace, planting a kiss firmly on her mouth.

"There.
See? There is more than one way to keep you quiet-"

And he
broke off as she smacked him upside the head, her eyebrow twitching.

"Eww,
cooties," the small red-haired boy said in distaste.

Kagome
gazed wordlessly, her heart nearly filled to breaking with happiness. Behind
her Inuyasha shifted, his arms still tight around her. "A long time passed
without you," he said quietly and she turned to look at him once more. His
amber eyes were a bit sad as he stared at the group, their bickering fading
away into the background. "I lived a long human life and I was alone. I didn't
fall in love again in my entire human lifetime and I always searched the face
of every woman I encountered, thinking maybe, somehow, I'd see your face there.
But you never came back and I was never allowed to come into your time again.
So I had to wait years for this one moment in time."

Kagome
returned his stare as he looked down at her. "Was it worth it? The long wait?"
she asked him quietly.

He
hesitated thoughtfully and she had half a mind to whack him off the head. But
then, in a serious tone he replied, "You're worth that and more."

She
smiled brilliantly. "Good answer."

"Had a
nice long life to think that one up," he let her know. And he sighed, his arms
tightening around her once more. "So, now that I've found you and we're all
together once more, what should we do?"

"I'll
tell you what
you
should do, you lazy-" came Kagome's grandfather's
voice once more.


"I
have class today," she said to him, cutting off her grandfather, who mumbled under
his breath and wandered back toward the house. She lifted her head to gaze at
Inuyasha, her eyes dropping to his lips. "But I'll be back tonight if you want
to…talk."

Inuyasha
gazed at her. "Talk," he stated as if he didn't believe her.

"Hey, you
kids, get off my front porch!"

"Gomen
nasai, Kagome's Grandfather," came Miroku's apologetic tone followed by the
sharp sound of a slap.

"Stop
grabbing
me there!"

"Ouch…"

"You
don't want to talk?" Kagome asked him, her eyes widening slightly.

Inuyasha
thought it over, glancing up once more and staring absentmindedly as Sango
growled and ran after Miroku, the boy laughing and ducking her flying hand. "I
think we have more than enough time to talk. I
think
there are better
things for us to do with our time…"

Kagome
smiled mischievously. "Like what?" she asked slowly.

"Like
eating!
Man, I'm
starved…"


Kagome
felt the sweat drop slide down her head. "That's…great. You eat while I go to
class-" and she went to slip out of his arms but he dragged her back with a
smile, finally kissing her gently. She paused, taken off guard and then she
sighed into the kiss, her arms lifting and winding around his neck.

"Eww…
more
cooties…" whispered Shippo from close by.

"Mmm,"
Inuyasha murmured against her mouth. "If cooties taste like this…"

Kagome
burst into laughter once more, turning her face away. "All these years and you
still haven't grown up," she quipped. And she paused, gazing at him silently
for a long moment. He returned her gaze for as long as he dared before finally
bowing his head and turning faintly crimson.

"What?"

She
smiled at him gently. "You don't know what you have until it's gone. And you
don't know what you've missed until you find it again." And that summed it up
between them both.

Inuyasha
nodded silently. And he took her hand in his, squeezing it. "Go to class. I'll
be here when you get back," he murmured, dipping into her once more for another
small kiss.


Yes,
you will be.


Kagome's
smile widened and she also nodded, finally pulling free and still it took a
moment for their hands to separate as she floated away.


And
you see only me. Finally.


She
turned to look toward Sango and the girl waved at her, shrieking,
"Kagome-chan!" as Miroku literally swept her off her feet and swung her around.
And Shippo also waved, hopping a bit and joining Miroku, Kohaku behind him in
the same school uniform as Souta. And she felt herself exhale at last, lifting
her gaze to the sky and breathing deeply into herself.

Today
would be a good day. And she paused thoughtfully. No. Today would be the best
day. And she smiled brilliantly at the blue sky.

Pray, I don't know if it's sacred or not,
You say that we can fall apart at anytime,
Breathe for the whole world we can't fight,
They starve for the love that we supply



These are the fallen souls.


~
Fallen Souls – Ours ~




~
FIN ~

Alright then, let's see if I still have fans. Yes, this
was
a very sappy ending but I figure after how
dark
this fic was, they
deserve some kind of happiness, ne? Anyways, I hope all questions were answered
and all fears and death threats were put to rest. =) Now we go on to all the
thanks and all that other happy stuff, LOL. This is going to drag out…

Ok, definitely for the following people because they
caught on fairly early and were very,
very
kind with their reviews:


Iseult
: I'm hoping this fic lived up
to what you wanted although maybe not what you were expecting, LOL. Thanks very
much for making me laugh, making me shriek and making me want to write. And
thanks for always reading. Although I'm a bit upset that you foresaw the deaths
of Miroku and Sango. Does this mean I'm predictable..? Man, that sucks. And
thanks for complimenting me on my…balls. ROTFLMAO! And yeah, Midoriko and Shiki.
Who'd have thunk it, LMAO!


Hope and Harmony
: To you for cracking me up
and…threatening me, sure. What the hell, right? What a good review without a
few words of…doom and destruction…don't get over the Asian guys because I like
them too much and misery loves company. =D


Quickening:
I haven't had much of a chance
to see if you've done anything new, too busy trying to finish up this fic but
definitely, definitely keep writing. You made me want to keep writing just
because I loved the way you carried your fic! People like you, who can manage
to keep characters' personalities down and work them to make them your own are
talented and should always do what they love!


KayJuli:
Of
course
I did that! I
had
to do that! We couldn't have such a happy ending between the two!
Someone
needed to die!

But you got it right on the nose, babe! Inuyasha does
end up living his life out alone and as a human and he does end up meeting up
with her in the future. I wasn't joking in the fic when he made a nice long
wish. It probably sounded something like, "I wish to become human and to see
Kagome again and to see Miroku and Sango again when I'm reincarnated and…" LOL.
Damn, I really
am
that predictable… *
Glares at Iseult
* But hey,
as long as you liked the story, I'm deliriously happy, LOL! ;)


KMF:
Because you were the first to review and because
you were there until the very end, my hat is off to you. If you like a fic,
always review. It will always make the writer feel good!


BronteJD
: *
Hands over a glass of
water
* For the lump in your throat… =( 
But yes, a happy ending, I am at your service! Hee-hee, careful though,
Ain't Afraid to Die is also going to have some twists and turns before any of
them have a happy ending too… but in all seriousness, thanks for reading.
Really. You always reviewed, always had nice words and always hung on. I hope
you do the same for my other fics. =)


Cataluna
: For reviewing and for being part of the
club, LOL! I'm really happy you're following me into CB because it will
convince me to keep writing. Thank you for reviewing always and I hope you stay
close, you're too cool to drop!


Aldrean Treu Peri:
I see your name a lot these
days, LOL! And I still have a hard time spelling it, it's very sad. But because
I fins your name familiar, I also know you reviewed a lot so thank you for
that! And I hope you decide to keep reading Ain't Afraid to Die because that
one might start being not as dark but just as heavy as Fallen Souls. =) Also, I
downloaded Angie by Rolling Stones because of you, LMAO!

And now for all the following people for reading, for
making me laugh, making me realize mistakes and making this whole process
worthwhile:


VA13361:
Wishful thinking is the only thing that
saved you, mwa-hah-hah… ok, well in all truthfulness, I knew the epilogue would
be a happy ending, just didn't realize how
mushy
it would be. But hey, a
happy ending, right?! I hope you weren't depressed for long but thanks you for
reading and reviewing for as long as you did. =)


Ithilwen:
Yeah, I left Shippo. I never forgot he
was alive but for me, Shippo was never really a huge part of the anime, not the
way the others were. And I think somewhere deep inside it would have just been
wrong
to kill off Shippo so I wasn't about to do that to
anyone.
But hey,
Shippo grew up and stayed by Inuyasha's side. =) Anyways, I'm hoping it was a
good ending. It made me smile as I wrote it. =) Thanks!


Riaka:
I'm sorry you read the story three times,
LMAO! But at the same time, I'm happy you did! Just goes to show me that people
just might sit down one day and read the whole thing over from the beginning. I
do know Faye Wong (For a long time FFVIII was an obsession of mine. I think at
one point all the FF games were obsessions of mine…) but I've never heard the
song. I may have to download it now, LOL. Thank you for reading (three times)
and for reviewing!

KiTtEn: Holy crap, did I get the name right?? And yeah, I
got the whole "damn!" thing, LMAO! Does this mean you liked the fic??


Aurora Earth
: I like to think that Inuyasha ended
up becoming a useful member of society (ok, or maybe just Kaede's village) up
until her death and then, with Shippo and Kirara at his side he wandered around
a bit, worked out whatever problems he had left (Sesshoumaru, Kouga, etc)
before finally returning to the village an old man and dying. He made his wish
after all. So yeah, that's what I think. =) It would have given him a worldly
wisdom, LOL.


Poppy:
I'm sorry it didn't end the way you thought
it would but there was no way I was going to get Sesshoumaru to really revive
Sango and Miroku. For one, I spoke to the guy and he was like, "No, no way, you
insignificant mortal," so I didn't take kindly to that which is why in a hidden
chapter, I as author, killed him off too. Ok, that's a complete fabrication but
if Sesshoumaru could never get along with his little sibling in the long years
they lived before there was no way he would get along with a complete mortal
afterwards. So that's why I like to think that Inuyasha at least tried to fix
problems between himself and his older brother. I wouldn't mind exploring the
relationship between Sesshoumaru and Rin after the complete massacre that was
this story, though. I just might try my hand at that. Something about Fluffy
makes me all warm and squishy inside… ;) Thanks for asking though, LOL!


Jezunya
: ROTLMAO! "At least an 'I lovED you.'"
ROTFLMAOOOOOO!! Noooo, that was just too damn funny to me… I actually
considered making one of those little chapters that can only be viewed on my
site. I haven't actually ruled it out, either. Then again I kinda wanted one
for Sango and Miroku as well after they were killed off. Maybe I will do one,
though. Keep your eye on the site, I just might do it now… =) If anything, I'll
post a bit of it on Fanfiction.net and then be like, "Go to the site to finish
it!" LOL, thanks for pushing for the idea! So yeah, I did kinda gag on all the
sugary-sweet feelings in the epilogue but I think they deserve happiness after
everything I did to them. =) And Eien meant Eternity. LOL, thanks for reading,
babe!


Momo-chan:
*
Pauses for a moment
* Uh, you ok
there? You sorta rambled in your last review and I was just wondering if I had
traumatized you… LOL! So did you like the epilogue at all? Better yet, if
you're going to confuse me entirely mebbe you shouldn't answer that question,
LMAO! Thank you for reading!


Hosi-ni-onegai:
Did you really cry?? I am so
happy!
It means you got totally into the fic, I'm freaking happy! LOL. But wait…are
you still crying? C'mon! The epilogue practically gave me cavities!


Raijin-san:
Sugoi!! I took a Cowboy Bebop quiz to see what my song was and it
was Goodnight Julia, LMAO! So I ended up downloading it to hear it and it was
totally such a kewl little theme! I'm so happy you cried like a…little….biotch.
Really, I…am. Did you really? LMAO! Cowboy Bebop fans unite! Now you make me
want to go update Ain't Afraid to Die.


Saro
: Ø_Ø Damn girl, you wanted
everyone
dead, didn't you?? Yeah, so did I but I needed Inuyasha to go through some more
angst before I killed him off. I can just see Kirara being the only one left to
tell the story. *
Bunch of growls and purrs
*
Shippo
: Speak up,
Kirara, I can't understand you… LMAO. But hey, at least I tried to end it
happy. Should I have left it a sad ending?


AutumnFire
: *
Humbly picks up the eyeballs and
hands them back to the owner before handing over the Prozac
* I'm kidding!
See, it was a happy ending!! Really, it was! Don't kill me! And yeah, I felt
your pain about typos. I try not to make many of them but sometimes the little
buggers get through. Did I really depress you every time I sent out a chapter?
OMG, LMAO! I'm so sorry! But happy ending, happy ending! =)


Kinoko:
LMAO, no I don't think I'll be making a
sequel to this. I think I've grown passed Inuyasha. My current obsession is
Cowboy Bebop and once that's done who knows what it will be but I won't mind
taking a few trips back to Inuyasha to make one-shots. Another long, angsty fic
like this just might kill me. And yes, I will stop by and read your fic, kewl?
LMAO, thanks for reading!


IcyRayven:
I've gotten so much exercise trying to beat off those people who
wanted to kill me. I'm in better shape now than I have been in years, LOL! But
here it was, the only happy chapter in the entire story! Woo-hoo! I hope you
liked it and didn't die from the sappiness!


Amie
: LOL, still crying? But it was a happy
ending! Really, it was! Until I decide to reconstruct the Shikon no Tama and
resurrect Shiki and…oh, oops, too much info! ;) Thank you for reading!


Yani Cardaria:
Ok, put the sword down. It was a
happy epilogue, put the sword down. No, really, put the- *
Realizes she isn't
putting the sword down
* Aww, man… LOL! :)


Vold
: Yeah, when I originally thought of making
this fic I was like, "It would be cool to have Midoriko play a part. And to be
in love." I mean, sure, she was this rocking Priestess and all, but I didn't
want to think of her as untouchable either. So why not
make
her
untouchable but through no fault of her own? So of course to have her in love
with the main villain was just heartbreaking to me. And just the way I would
have wanted it! I'm so into angst, you would not believe. Or actually, after
reading this entire fic, mebbe you
would
believe. ;) I hope you liked
the whole thing!


Leena:
D'oh! LMAO! I can just see you being like,
"Oh, Inuyasha will live into Kagome's time…except that he's
human
now!!
Nooooooooo!" LMAO! Sorry but a lifetime alone is enough for anyone. Inuyasha
didn't need lifetimes (plural) to be alone. That would have just been
mean…Yeah, this coming from a chick who just killed off half the team, LMAO!
And besides, I didn't want to bring back Sango and Miroku. I firmly believe
that before their respective ends, they accomplished (or had the things
accomplished for them) everything they had originally set out to do. Miroku did
save himself from the Kazaana, ending the curse, but he could not save himself
from his death at Kagome's hands. He lived only long enough to see to it that
someone was left with a fighting chance. And then he went to be with Sango.
Just because he and Sango died, it's not to say that they were separated in
death. They do return later together to be with Inuyasha and Kagome. And Sango
went to see about Kohaku and once Kohaku was killed there was no reason for her
to go on. She had failed in the end and I like to think she knew that the
battle would not end the best way. But it didn't stop her from finally letting
Miroku know how she felt for him for so long. And in that I like to think she
didn't ultimately fail in battle. Which is why Inuyasha didn't bring them back.
It was over for them and they had worked so hard for so long, they deserved
some kind of peace. What would be the point bringing back two characters if
they would all only mourn the past? It was hard enough for Inuyasha, I would
like to believe that he wouldn't want to put anyone through what he was
feeling, much less two people who had taken so much pain as it was. So, yeah.
Damn, was that really just…psychological or what? LMAO! Anyways, I hope that
gave you something to think about (and why did that sentence come out sounding
like I'm scolding you?? Geez, I'm not, I swear!). Lord knows I thought all
these things while writing this and I knew it would be a
huge
thing to
try to write but I also hoped people would see to the core of it all and
understand that this was going to be a painful story. Well, this was a huge
note, sorry but thanks for reading! I hope you enjoyed it!


Hikaru Li
: Yooooo, have you ever read The Separate
Existence? It was another story I wrote, (for Cardcaptor Sakura, it's under my
profile) just as angsty as this one but nowhere near as long and one of the
main characters in the second world is called Hikaru! I like the fact that you
used Li as her last name but you might have to read the story to understand the
reason
why
that is. I'm not about to give it away. =)


Kainu1329
: Man, I
am
that predictable!
Eeek, now I'm going to have to rewrite the entire epilogue and keep them apart!
Ok, maybe not but did I scare you?? Hee…


Nhyemia
: Man, that was really nice of you to say!
I'm just happy I had such an effect on you because we all know that this couple
have something really special between them and it couldn't always go smoothly.
I so wanted it to go out with a bang and this story, while it didn't come
together in one day, definitely did have me thinking long and hard, LOL. But
that's a good thing. When something makes me think, it sorta makes me want to
succeed as well which is how this story was done. Eeeeeh, I'm so happy you
liked it!! LOL, thank you so much!


WickedWolf
: Holy
shit!
Man, and I
always
try to make sure I don't make mistakes like that, especially between ground and
floor. You would
not
believe how much I am stressing that mistake! There
are a lot of things I try to always correct, like not using the same word in
the same sentence to describe something (Ex: Inuyasha raised his arms, lifting
the Tetsusaiga into the air) or in the sentences immediately following the
first sentence, stuff like that. And the difference between floor and ground is
up there in No-no's so the fact that that one slipped by…grrr. But thanks for
noticing, really!


SimplyTurquoise
: Yep yep! Had to go through angst
before they could be together happily. =) Don't worry, I don't lie to readers.
If I say the story is going to be angsty, prepare for angst. But if I say it's
going to have a happy ending then rest assured there will be a happy ending!
Now be prepared for more death and violence, mwa-hah-hah- oh, all right, I'm
kidding. =)


ShadiyaRay
: You know, looking at your name, I have
a character in an original fiction piece that I've been writing for years,
whose name is sorta like yours. I have
never
noticed that until now!
Anyways, LMAO, thank you for the compliments and yes, happy ending, happy
ending! I hope it's happy enough for you and everyone else, I was dying of the
sugary sap… =)


Taltos:
Hee hee. Usually when I upload to
Fanfiction.net, I save the chapter I'm uploading as an html document in
Microsoft Word and then upload that. It comes up with italics and all. I'm not
sure if that helped you at all…


SylverAngel
: I'm so happy you dug the Miroku-Sango
ending! Everyone else is kinda like, "OMG, Inuyasha
lived!"
LMAO! I
couldn't just leave Sango and Miroku like that, together but separated. It
would have been so sad. =) But thanks for reading and for liking the story!
LMAO!


Nqhi
: Alive…alien word. Does not compute. Please
try again later. =) I'm kidding! Yes, alive! Everyone will be alive! Shoot, you
ppl!!
I should have warned you all that that I love killing off
characters. Makes the story that much harder to take and that much harder to
let go of. =) So did you like it? LOL!

And now, last but not ever least, for all the other
readers who reviewed in passed chapters and who have been reading for sooo
long. My thanks go out to: Ookami-chan (Ookami-sama, LOL), Kaoru Wolf,
Nekochan614, Nozomi, Pink Straw, Jenna, Lulu, Utsukushi (that means Beautiful
in Japanese, right?), Alex, Phoebi, Silvermoon Maru (I've seen your name a lot
too, reviewing, so thank you!), Nekoi, DracOnyx, Dunken, Chibionna (Small
Woman..? Is that right?), Tidus, Icy Discordia, Stormrunner, someone who only
referred to their self as Person (LMAO), Red, AliQua, Lachesis, Tsukinoko,
Mikoyru Kaniu, Merith, Tessa, AoiHyou, Demonic Little Sister (Hmm…I have one of
those…LOL), someone who left a review called ^-^ LMAO, Tony, DiaBlo, Clow
Angel, NightChild0101, Jammincat9, Lil Washu, Kookie, Laura-chan, Marean Beast,
Chibi Makoto, Lizzie, D.J., KenYasha, Nassau, Sammi-chan, Sorena, Tonz82,
Obsession171, Kurotenshi (Black Angel, I like…), Rain, Libra, Rio, Demonblade,
Peek, Lord Cirenmas, Angel7669, Meamiko, KharmaSmack, Mara-chan, Shin-chan,
Demon_chan, Zel no Miko, and Inaho. A lot of names are familiar because lots of
you guys left numerous reviews and I just wanted to say thank you one last
time. You guys make writing and sharing stories totally worth it! If I left
anyone out, I apologize from the bottom of my heart!

Ok, that's about  it,
LMAO! Like that's not enough. But anyways, the other stories under my profile
are also angsty (it's all I write, can't write anything else, LMAO). I'm now
doing a Cowboy Bebop fic, Ain't Afraid to Die, and that's going to be angsty
too but hopefully I'll be able to keep the characters in character and still be
angsty. =) Anyways, for my thoughts on everything that happened with this fic,
just read my note to Leena, it's up above a bit and …that's it! I'm signing
off!

Take care people, and thank you from the bottom of my
heart!

-Cassandra   
*listening to Eric Clapton and BBKing's
Hold On I'm Coming
to get
into the mood to write some Cowboy Bebop!*

>