


Sister of the Pharaoh: Hey guys! My name is sister of the pharaoh. For those of you who know me, you can tell I'm a big fan of Yugioh. No matter what saga. But what you might not know is that I am also a HUGE sailor moon fan! She is going to be getting a new series this year and I AM SO EXCITIED! AHHH! Which is why, I'm going to be writing a new sailor moon cross over fic!



I tried writing one before but it didn't really fly. I'm praying to god that this one does! And since I am a Yugioh fan as I said, I'm going to (You guessed it) Pair Yami and Serena!



I hope you all like this!



Disclaimer: I own nothing.



Rating: K-T for mild swearing. Other than that, it's safe for everyone.


"
Talking"




"Whispering"





(Thinking and song lyrics)




Tokyo Japan. It was a beautiful spring day as the cherry blossoms floated from the trees. All the students of Cross Roads JR High, were ready for another year. All except, Serena Tsukino. A clumsy girl, with long sun kissed blond hair and deep ocean blue eyes. She dashed down the street as she quickly tried to get to her classroom to out run the bell. Serena was almost always late for school everyday.

Now Serena was usually your normal everyday teenager. Who always late and had a love for sleeping in, video games, and food. Born with the sign of Cancer and pearl as her birthstone, Serena was also kind, caring and very easy going. However, with the help of a magical pendent, she becomes the champion of justice, Sailor moon! A brave warrior who was sent to protect the world from evil.

Serena also had a mad crush on Tuxedo mask.

A suave, handsome man in a black tuxedo and white cape, who always came to her rescue when she fought as Sailor moon. It wasn't until one fight in particular that she learned of her past as a princess of the moon kingdom and how Tuxedo Mask was Darien, a man who use to annoy her. Darien was once a prince from earth, who Serena fell in love when she was the princess.

After the horrible destruction of the moon kingdom, Serena and Darien were reborn on earth to have a second chance. Two lovers who were meant to find each other and fall in love once again so they could live together in peace. At least, that was the story told, but was it truth? Or a dream made out to be the truth? On this day, Serena was going to find out everything with the start of a simple encounter.

Serena ran as fast as she could to get to class. Thoughts of Darien going through her head as she blushed. Making her smile wide as she started to day dream. Serena was about to turn the corner when she bumped into someone. Making her fall to the ground. After hissing in pain, Serena looked up to see who ran into. Her eyes grew wide as she gasped at who stood before her.

A man, who stood at Serena's height stared down at her with deep crimson eyes. His hair was spiked up in a star like shape and was colored in magenta, black and blond bangs that were like bolts of lighting. He was dressed in a school uniform with the jacket open to revile a black tank top and also wore sliver chains and a black choker around his neck.

Serena looked up at the man with a curious expression on her face. The man seemed to have an air about him that was very different. Yet he also seemed familiar for some reason. Serena remembered what happened quickly apologized for bumping into the man.

"Oh, I'm sorry! I was in a rush and I didn't pay attention to where I was going!"

The man simply smiled a held out a hand to her, helping her up.

"It's alright. Your not hurt, are you?"

"Oh no, I'm okay, thanks."

At that moment, Serena flipped out, remembering that she had only five minutes left to make it to school. She quickly said goodbye and took off. Unaware of how the man she just met would change everything around her. As Serena ran off to school, the man secretly smiled while staring at her from far away.

"I finally found you, after all this time. Now I can save you from the dream your trapped in." The man whispered as headed in the same direction to Serena's school.

Serena ran like lighting into the classroom, making just before the bell ran. She collapsed at her desk and took a sigh of relief as her best friend Molly Baker greeted her good morning. Molly was cheerful red head, who had been friends with Serena since kindergarten. She and Serena always hung out together at school, but even she didn't know about her being Sailor moon.

"Hey Serena!"

"Oh, hey Molly." Serena greeted with the wind still knocked out of her.

"Guess what? We got a new boy in our class today and I hear he's totally hot!"

"I doubt it! Nobody is hotter than Darien!"

"There you go again, with your talk of Darien." Molly said as she sat down in her seat.

"Well, it's true!"

Just then, Serena's teacher Miss, Haruna walked in and was about to take roll call when there was a knock at the door. She allowed entrance and Serena gasped. For the person who walked in was the boy she ran into that morning. Molly quickly leaned over to Serena and whispered in her ear that he was the new student. All the other girls in the classroom started to whisper and get excited.

"Well hello. Are you our new student?" Miss Haruna asked.

"Yes I am. I apologize for being late. I got lost."

"That's fine, I'll allow it. So why don't you come to the front of the class and introduce yourself."

The boy nodded and walked to the front while Miss Haruna wrote his name on the chalk board.

"My name is Yami Moto. It's a pleasure to meet you all."
While introducing himself, Serena couldn't keep her eyes off of Yami.
There was something about him that seemed so mysterious. Like he came from another world entirely. After introductions, Miss Haruna told Yami to grab the sit left to Serena. Yami nodded and sat down. As Miss Haruna continued with roll call, Yami turned to Serena and smiled. Making her blush deeply. Serena had no idea, but there were going to be some big changes in her life.
Ones that would completely turn her past and present life around.



SOTP: First chapter and I rocked it! I hope you all enjoyed and leave nice reviews! I really hope this turns out good!





>