


Sister of the Pharaoh: Yo! How've ya all been? Sorry I haven't updated in a while, BUT HOLY CRAP! Sailor moon crystal made it's debut and It was so...AMAZING! It breathed new life back into the series we know and love! SO BEAUTIFUL! I could cry...T_T...Okay, enough of that. Time for the next chapter to celebrate sailor moon reborn!



Disclaimer: I own nothing.




(Dream)



Serena was running through the palace of the moon kingdom again. Her white shoes clicking against the marble floor with her silk dress trailing behind as she ran down the hall way. The gentle wind blew through her sun kissed hair as it flowed behind her. Serena didn't know where she was headed, but something told her to go faster. Finally, Serena arrived that entrance to the palace gardens.



Beautiful would barely count as a way to describe it. There were roses and many other flowers all over the grounds, surrounded by many different trees. Some with flowers in bloom. The stone path that started at the end of the stairs, lead to a tall fountain right in the center of the garden. Sparkling water cascaded down from the top and landed in the clear pool below that reflected the shining starlight in the sky.



Sitting on the edge of the fountain, was a man that looked like Yami watching the fish that swam in the fountain. But he was dressed in a crown, with gold, jewels, Egyptian clothes and shoes. His skin was a dark tan unlike it was before. Almost as if he had spent all of his days under the burning heat of the blazing sun. Yet his eyes were still the same beautifully deep violet crimson mix she had grown to love.



Serena approached him quietly so as not to disturb him. Yami suddenly looked up and smiled at Serena warmly. Standing as he spoke.



"Serena, you found me at last."



"Are you Yami from the past?" Serena asked as she came closer.



"In a way. I am the memories of Yami that was cover up when Darien ad Baryel used that spell to replace your memories. Queen Serenity realized what happened in enough time to seal the memories you have of me in a deep corner of your mind. So that they were hidden instead of being erased completely. Now that you have formed a bond with my modern self, I can break the spell that has twisted your memories. Reviving the true ones and connecting them to your modern ones."



"How is that?" Serena asked.



Yami came closer to her and placed his hands on either sides of her face. Gazing into her deep blue eyes as he held her close.



"By kissing you. But in order for it work, you must be willing to let go of the false memories that Darien had formed in your heart. You must let the feelings you have for my modern self grow as I kiss you. So that the memories you have of me in the past can resurface. Only then will both memories be connected and you will be free of the spell."



Serena gasped slightly with a blush. Yet as she gazed into the Pharaoh's eyes, she felt something burn deeply inside her heart. Along with a feeling of happiness. Like she had found something that had been lost for so long. Serena closed her eyes and allowed the Pharaoh to kiss her softly. In an instant, Memories flowed into Serena's mind.



They were the same as the ones with Darien, but his image disappeared and showed Yami in his place in each one. It was then she realized that Yami was the man she loved so long ago. That her heart had always belonged to him. She just had a hard time seeing past the lies. Serena cried, feeling as though she had betrayed the true memories in her heart. The Pharaoh embraced her tightly, while stroking her hair.



"Please don't be sad. It was not your fault. Both of us, me and my modern self know that your love has always belongs to us. So please don't feel as though you betrayed us. You haven't."



Serena looked up and smiled at the Pharaoh as she spoke.



"Thank you. I finally feel free of guilt and the fogginess that clouded my mind. I can now except Yami's heart and love."



The Pharaoh nodded as he smiled in return. Suddenly he gripped the sides of his head with both hands. He began to shake as though he had a terrible headache. His body also looked see through, like he was about to disappear. Serena quickly placed her hands on his shoulders in concern.



"What's wrong?! What's happening?!"



"Ugh...it seems...that myself in the present...is in danger...You must go to him...quickly!"



"But about you?!"



"I will be safe. You have excepted me into your heart once more and now these memories will never disappear from you again."



The pharaoh then kissed Serena's forehead while placing his hand on her cheek. He then began to disappear into small sparkles of light as the garden was completely engulfed in a bright white light. The Pharaoh smiled sadly as he spoke.



"Goodbye, my princess. I shall always be with you."



(Dream end)



Serena eyes shot open as she bolted straight up in a sitting position. Breathing heavy while her heart pounded after experiencing such a life like dream. She felt a warmth inside heart. A second later her communicator went off. She quickly pulled out of her pocket and popped it open. Amy's face appeared in the screen with a look of concern as she spoke.


(Serena! Are you alright?)


"Why Amy? What's wrong?"


(There's a large, tree like growth almost like a palace structure in down town. There also seems to be two people fighting each other on the top of it.)


"It must be Yami! Darien must have come looking for me!"

(
Serena, Don't go out there! It's too dangerous! Wait till we get there.)


"I can't wait that long, Amy! Yami is in danger now!"

Serena snapped her communicator closed and transformed into Sailor moon. She then made sure everyone is the house was safe before rushing out of the house and heading down town. Hoping that she wasn't too late. Meanwhile, Yami and Darien were fighting each other on the roof of a palace made out of a dark plant like structure. The sky was a deep red and a room surrounded by pillars was the battle ground.

Earlier, Darien had called Yami out, threating that if Yami didn't bring the crystal, that he was going to kill Serena to get it. Then wipe out the whole city.

Yami transformed into the pharaoh and went to take on Darien by himself. Since Serena wouldn't be able to fight him. Now Yami and Darien were in an all out battle. Darien fought with black roses and large thorns. Making Yami dodge and run for his life without stopping. When Yami landed from a jump, a thorn shot passed his arm, cutting him deeply. Yami gripped his arm as he cringed while Darien laughed darkly as he spoke.

"You can't even defend yourself! Why not just give up and tell me where Serena is? I'll be glad to kill you quickly."

"I will do no such thing. I was going to avoid attacking you because I am truly angered by the way you used Serena. And I didn't want to let my emotions take control because Serena would not want you hurt. Even after how you hurt her. But, if you truly plan to kill her...then I will hold back no longer."

Yami the pulled out a Duel monsters card and quickly chanted a spell. Darien decided to take the chance and threw a thorn, directly aimed at Yami's heart. Just as it was about to hit, Yami stopped the thorn in mid air with the magic of a magician's staff. Darien's eyes widened in shock. Yami's spell had given him the same staff that the magician on the card had. Yami glared at Darien with anger.

Using the magic to throw the thorn back Darien. Darien quickly jumped and threw another bunch of black roses at Yami who dodged them and shot a beam of energy at Darien. It shot him right in the chest and slammed him up against a pillar. Before Darien had a chance to get up, Yami made him levitate and lifted him high in the air. Then threw him down with great force which left a large hole in the floor.

Making Darien groan in pain. Yami glared at Darien while walking up to him as he struggled to get up. Darien panted hard as Yami continued to come closer. He was finally able to stand up ad wobbly walked over to the nearest pillar to steady himself. Yami stopped walking and used his magic to control Darien's body again. Throwing him to the other side of the room.

"Now, will you stop this madness?" Yami asked as Darien stood up again.

"After a few lucky hits? I don't think so."

Darien then summoned his vines to wrap around his arm and become pointed at the end. Darien then headed towards Yami with the point on his arm acting like sword. Yami quickly used his magic to turn the staff into his own sword. Thus, the fight was on. The two of them clashed weapons and fought without end. Glaring in each other's eyes as Darien spoke.

"I've been waiting for this moment for over 10000 years, pharaoh. I've put up with that annoying princess and sacrificed too much, just so my plan could be ruined by something as foolish as love!"

"You have no idea what you've sacrificed! You've betrayed the trust of your comrades and the love of two women, for what?" Yami asked.

"POWER, YOU FOOL! With that little crystal, I could have the power of gods! Enough power to make anything mine!" Darien answered as lunged at Yami who dodged just in the nick of time.

"What good is power, if your alone? How can you enjoy anything that comes from making those around you fear you!? If anyone is the fool, it's you."

"Oh really? Why is that?" Darien asked as he stopped and stood for a moment.

"Because you wasted the chance you had to make things right. You could have given up your plan and fought for good. You could have changed things for the better. You could have learned to except the love that Serena had and love her in return! But instead, you let the darkness in your heart take you. You let your ambition for power control you and you aren't even aware that it is what will undo you."

Darien growled and charged at Yami again. Yami countered and attacked again. Matching blow for blow with each strike. Darien then disappeared for a moment and before Yami could turn around, Darien stabbed Yami in the shoulder. Making Yami cry out in pain as he fell to the floor. Darien stood in front of Yami and scoffed as Yami shook, using his sword to try and stand.

"I don't want a little snobby princess being the ruler of the world. Not when I've been the prince of earth. I have the right to be the ruler with that power, not some girl who can just take it away from me! You can let some girl lead you around by the nose, but I will control my life, MYSELF!" Darien declared.

Yami stood on one knee. Shaking as he spoke.

"Serena is a kind, loving, generous soul. She could care less about the power, all she wants is a life of peace with the people she loves. Not control them with power. She would want to protect the rule the world together. Even if she didn't have the crystal, she'd be happy as long as those close to her were by her side."

"You can say whatever you want, but I won't let some girl become the ruler of MY planet, take MY CROWN, and make ME, A LAUGHING STOCK! I WILL BECOME THE RULER OF MY PLANET! Me, AND NO ONE ELSE!"


Darien raised his sword and was ready to strike Yami down when a boomerang struck his arm. Knocking his arm away just before it could hurt Yami. The two men looked behind them in surprise as Sailor moon and the other scouts stood in front of the entrance. They scouts ended up arriving at the tower at the same time, so they all entered together as a team.

The four scouts quickly took on Darien in a head on attack as a distraction as Sailor moon ran to Yami.

"Yami! Are you okay?" Serena asked as she gently placed her hands on Yami's shoulders.

"Serena? Why did you-"

"Because I don't want to lose again Yami! Not after I just found and remembered you again."

Yami gasped as he cupped Sailor moon's face. They smiled at each other as Yami spoke.

"You...remembered everything...but how? I was told that only a bond built by a strong, true love would break the spell."

A thought then struck Yami suddenly. The love he had for Serena was strong and true, but it was able to break the spell because of the love he himself had. He, Yami. Not the Pharaoh, for the Pharaoh from that time was no longer. It was the love that Yami had for Serena as Serena, that built the bridge to reawaken her true self.

"I see now, it wasn't the love of my former self, it was my love that was needed in order to bring back your memories."

"You...love me?" Serena gasped.

"Yes. I love you as yourself, Serena. Not as the princess of moon kingdom. But despite that, I love all of you. No matter what form you have taken, or any form you will take in the future. I...I love you."

Serena smiled and gentle held Yami close. Yami returned the embrace and closed his eyes in happiness as Serena spoke.

"I love you too, Yami. I've grown to love you so quickly. And all of the memories we have of both our past lives and this life, I'll keep them all. And I'll continue to fight, so that we can make more memories and make up for the time that was taken from us. I promise."

Just as Sailor moon finished, Darien stopped and looked at them. He couldn't understand why Yami loved Sailor moon. He couldn't understand the bond they shared or why gave up so much just for her. Was love that important? Was it that stronger than power? Darien couldn't understand, and that made him angry. Darien broke the scouts attack and charged at the two.

His attack almost hit when the sliver crystal reacted. It became strong due to the revived bond of love that Serena and Yami shared. A love that existed no matter what barrier was put in front of it. The power of the crystal, pushed Darien back and enveloped Serena in it's warm, glowing light. When it died down, Sailor moon was completely different sailor moon.

Her skirt and collar was red with gold trim, a golden bow in the front and the back with golden angel wings. Matching boots, gloves and gold tiara with a sliver jewel in the shape of the moon completed the outfit. Along with red rubies and pearls in her hair. Serena had become the sailor scout of a love that stood the test of all time. She had become, millennium sailor moon.

The scouts stood in awe as Sailor moon bent down and helped Yami up. Sailor Mars walked up to them and took Yami from her carefully.

"Sailor Mars, you and the other scouts get Yami out of here as fast as you can. I shall deal with Darien."

"Are you sure?"

"No, Sailor moon. I want to fight with you." Yami protested as he groaned in pain.

"Yami, thank you. But you are far too injured to fight. I shall fight for both of us with you and all of our friends in my heart. Please, Mars. Take good care of him."

"You better win this, I'm not gonna have anyone to nag if you don't."

Sailor moon laughed at the joke while Mars smiled. Yami agreed to leave and left with the scouts. Darien stood and decided to not waste anymore time. He quickly used a spell to fuse his body with his plant like minions and the dark negative energy that he collected. He was now twenty feet tall with giant thorns sticking out of his body. Sailor moon stared at him sadly at what he had become before she spoke.

"You have become nothing more than a monster, by giving in to the darkness. Using my heart and love just to get what you wanted. I pity you, but I can't allow to you to destroy that which is important to me. I will stop you. For everyone that is precious to me."

Darien simply threw down a giant hand, aiming to take out Sailor moon. But just before it hit her, it was destroyed by a blinding barrier of light. Sailor moon then summoned her scepter and allowed all of her new power to be honed into the jewel. Then with a determined look in her eyes, Sailor moon jumped up and flew all the way to Darien's chest. Crying out loudly as she shot him with a powerful blast.

"MOON FORGIVENESS, OVERFLOW!"


In an instant, a blinding pink light covered everything. When it cleared, the scouts and Yami were out of tower and on the ground. Looking up at a figure that was flying down to them gently.

The sky had cleared and became blue once again with the sun shining brightly. The tower had disappeared and everything that was damaged in the surrounding area was rebuilt and healed. Even Yami was no longer injured. Sailor moon landed in front of her friends who were happy to see she was safe. In her hands was a glowing light blue orb with white swirls, pulsing as it shined.

The scouts came up curious as they gazed at it. Mercury was the one to speak up first.

"Is that?"

"It's Darien's soul, Mercury." Yami answered.

"Is was all that was left after my attack. I couldn't find his body or anything." Serena said.

"Too tainted by the darkness inside him, Darien could no longer fight against the evil that stole his heart. But the small bit of good that remained, did not wish to hurt anyone. He chose for his body to be destroyed so that his soul could be freed and cleansed. Now his soul has been healed, and can now be reborn here on earth. He will have a whole new start with no guilt or pain of the past to hinder him." Yami explained.

Sailor moon released the orb into the sky and allowed it to soar across the sky. So that the soul would find a proper home. Yami noticed that Sailor moon was crying as she watched the orb disappear. He quickly wrapped her in his arms to comfort her. Sailor Moon whispered softly as she returned his embrace.

"I know I shouldn't cry, but I still feel sad."

"I would be worried if you didn't, Sailor moon. After all that's happened, you wouldn't be able to destroy him all together. Your heart is so kind and pure. It's what makes you so wonderful."

"I'm only glad that he now has a chance to live."

"He does, and I'm sure that he is grateful."

"Yes. Thank you, Yami."

Everyone breathed a sigh of relief as the battle was finally over and headed home. The peaceful light of the rising sun, shined brightly over the city. Ready for another day. All past mistakes erased, all pain forgotten. Now everyone could start over, and begin the next day anew.



SOTP: YES! I did this! Don't worry though, I plan to add one last chapter full of fluff before I end this one. I'm so glad I wrote this! Please leave nice reviews!


>