


Raiden: The King of Hell


"
To have command is to have all the power you will ever need. To have all the power you will ever need, is to have the world in the palm of your hand."


Tiberius Caesar



Sasuke's POV


I can count with one hand the number of times I was truly scared to death, my family massacre being one of them. Although I, one of the greatest Shinobi around the world, would never admitted out loud, the one thing that truly terrified me now was my inability to protect my brother in all but blood, my inability to protect Naruto.

You would think that what terrified me was the creature that was heading straight towards the collapsed blonde and me, ready to end our life and the last hope of the Shinobi world. Uchiha Madara somehow managed to get his hands on the Juubi and become its Jinchūriki while I was away from the fight. As much as I hated to admitted, to end this abomination, the blonde's help was required. I swallowed my pride and started to charge at Madara, trying to buy some time.

"Naruto!" I screamed with a desperate tone as I took out my sword, "Get up!"

I met Madara midair with my sword in front of me. Although Madara gained much power by fusing with the ultimate weapon, he also gained a crucial setback as well, he lost all his speed. It seemed that even Madara had problems controlling the beast.

I used my speed, which was said to rival the Fourth Hokage's itself, to circle around him from all directions to find openings and attack. But no matter how fast I was, the only thing my blade managed to meet was the blue shield from Madara's Susanoo, the ultimate defense. I had no choice but to retreat back to the idiotic blonde's side

It was useless, I was trying to conserve the little chakra I had in case the situation called for it and my attacks had no effect. I was exhausted. I was the sheep left for a slaughter. Madara knew he could end me in a moment's notice. I hated feeling so powerless.

"
Why?"
Madara's emotionless voice interrupted my musings,
"why do you keep on fighting? You should know that you cannot possibly beat me, a God."


"Sorry to disappoint, but I don't believe in that crap. As for why I keep on fighting, well it's because…" I continued as I kicked the blonde "you annoy the crap out of me." I looked down to see that my kick had the desired effect as I heard the blond murmuring something about some cocky bastard.

"
That can't be your only reason,"
came his response,
"I, the man who became a god, Uchiha Madara, can see in your eyes that you experienced the ugly side of this wretched world and that's what made you strong. From what I gathered, you, unlike the nine-tails Jinchūriki, don't seem to care about what happens to this world."


I smirked. "You are correct. I, unlike this dobe," I said as I turned my gaze to the retard who was still having trouble coming back to the world of the living, "couldn't care less about what happens to these people." I proclaimed as I pointed around the devastated wasted land and the few Shinobies that somehow survived. My head went downwards as my raven hair covered my eyes.

I could see the giant smirk on his face.
"Then why don't you jo—"


"But…" I interrupted with an enraged voice as I lifted my head and activated my Eternal Mankekyou Sharingan. "You threatened to end the only life that I consider a friend," I said as I pointed my sword in his direction, "and because of you my whole clan was murdered!" I made my decision there and then, I was going to use the jutsu that Itachi implanted in my head if all else failed when I received his blessings. I knew what the consequences were and I fully accepted.

"I am going to make you regret coming back to the world of the living." I said as I started doing handsigns.

I paid no attention as Madara started laughing.
"How do you plan to do that, boy? I, the great Madara Uchiha, have both of the most powerful set of eyes and the Juubi. You barely have any chakra left and you're having trouble just standing there. It's simply impossible for you to defeat me!"
He noted as he looked at my shaking legs.

"That may be true, but you forget that I have a chakra tank right beside me," I replied as I looked at Naruto, "you can get up now dobe, I know that you are only pretending."

Just like I said, Naruto got up and started to rub the back of his head, "how did you know?" he said with a fake laugh.

"You are Naruto Uzamaki," I said with a matter of fact tone while I continued doing my handsigns, "you never stay down for too long." Naruto tried to hide it but because of that big smile of his, a smile only Naruto would be able to pull off, the fact that he was proud of being recognized by me was not hidden from anyone.

"Naruto," I brought his attention back to me, "I need you to let me borrow some chakra." His eyes widened and his mouth was practically reaching the ground. "Are you asking for my help?" He asked with a dumbfounded look on his face. "Is there another idiot with such a dumb name?" I asked with an irritated tone. "The only way to defeat that bastard is using this jutsu," I said as I glared at the amused Madara, "and to use this specific jutsu a lot of chakra is required, chakra only the nine-tails could provide." Naruto had an understanding look on his face. "What kind of jutsu could take this guy down? We already tried everything!" he said while his hand reached for my back.

"Don't worry about it, the only thing that matters is that this guy is going down!" I practically yelled as a huge amount of chakra entered my body. "I want you to keep giving me as much chakra as you can, I don't want you to stop no matter what happens." I could not believe the amount of power I could feel, no wonder the bastard was almost as powerful as me.

"If this jutsu is as big as you say and is able to take down Madara," Naruto started, "then there must be a price to pay." I was surprised that Naruto would consider this, after all, a pea is bigger than his brain, but I guess even idiots have their moments.

"
I, the marvelous Uchiha Madara, am curious as well,"
Madara said with a huge amount of confidence in his voice,
"what gives you assurance that that jutsu will be able to take me down? Surely you know that I am now immortal and cannot be defeated, I have unlimited power and no one can stop me."


I bit my finger so I could use the blood and draw a circle around me. "Madara, I believe that even your corrupted mind can see that there is someone or, better yet, something that can take you down." As I finished the circle, I drew a line across my forehead with my blood. "When Itachi was brought back to the living world, he told me that there was a special someone from hell itself looking for you." I could see the realization set in his mind as his eyes widened.
"You can't be—"
he started with a tone that betrayed his surprise,
"You are only human, you cannot summon him."
I could feel a smirk coming upon my face at his surprise as I placed myself in the middle of the circle.

"Normally that would be true," I started as I begun to place my hand in the circle to begin the process of the summoning jutsu, "but I, unlike all the others before me, am making a gamble with death." I could see doubt starting to cloud on Madara's expression as he realized what I was planning and, unfortunately for me, Naruto seemed to catch on to my plan as well because I suddenly felt the power of the nine-tails dwindling within me.

"Sasuke, just what the heck are you planning?!" It was clear that he was catching on by the defiant look on his face. I knew that he would try to stop me if I didn't reassure him. "Naruto, do you really think I would let myself die without beating the crap out of you first?" I smirked at him, "and besides, I still did not make those old geezers pay for the massacre of my clan." I cached a glimpse of relief pass through his face for a brief second which then turned to terror. I immediately turned my head to Madara's direction and noticed a small dark ball floating in front of his face. I knew a beast bomb when I saw one and immediately planned my next course of action.


3

rd

Person POV


Shinobi around the battlefield could feel the tremors the power of the Bijuu provided and could only fall in despair as the huge bean of energy collided with their only hope for salvation.

Madara, on the other hand, could only laugh as his plans were finally about to come to fruition. He turned to the remaining ninjas who seemed to shrink under his gaze and started floating to the sky so that the Shinobi could have a glimpse of a "God".
"I just defeated the two most powerful warriors the world had to offer, the Kages can no longer stand against me, and the Bijuu is under my control."
He stated with a victorious tone and a big smirk on his face.
"This world now belongs to me, Uchiha Mada—"


His grand speech was interrupted by Sasuke, who had the monstrous dark Susanoo protecting Naruto and himself, as he finally performed the summoning jutsu.

"
SUMMONING JUTSU: LORD OF THE UNDERWORLD!"


He screamed as he urged Naruto to give him more chakra. The sky started to darken and you could feel an ominous aura coming closer and closer to the battlefield. The earth felt a huge tremor as a tall figure hit the ground. As the dust cleared the Shinobi around the battlefield could identify a tall muscular man with giant white wings on his back. The man's silver hair reached his mid back and his ominous dark eyes gave you the feeling that nothing could be hidden from him. The man was wearing dark robes that practically revealed his entire upper body. Anyone would be lying if they said his clothes did not complimented well with his abnormal pale skin. Overall, the man was as beautiful, if not more, as Sasuke.

"
Look what we have here,"
came a dark, yet strangely beautiful, voice as the stranger's dark eyes stayed glued to Madara,
"the one and only Madara Uchiha, who has managed to escape my grasp for hundredths of years."
It was clear to everyone that the figure was displeased with the last fact.

"
Wha-what are you doing here?"
The question was the only capable response of leaving the ancient Uchiha's wide open mouth.
"You are not supposed to be able to come to the living world! How did you manage to come here?!"
The Uchiha was livid and his tone was enraged.

"
You can thank the younger Uchiha for that,"
came the man's beautiful voice as he stared at the now kneeling weakened Uchiha, who had a soulless look on his eyes, and a frantic blond who was on the verge of panicking because of the eyes that held no light.
"The only way for me to enter this world is if a soul opens a gateway for me to pass through. The stronger the soul is, the more time I am able to spend on this world."
He finished as he turned back to Madara.
"It does not matter how you came here, what really matters is that I, the great Uchiha Madara, am sending you back to hell."
Madara's voice was full of confidence, promising retribution.
"I gained powers beyond your wildest imagination,"
Madara said as he proceeded to create a mid-sized beast bomb,
"and because you are no longer in your domain your powers have only weakened. There is no hope for you to defeat me."
He finalized his speech by launching his attack with an insane expression on his face.

"
While it is true that your newly acquired power would usually overcome my own in this world,"
the mysterious man said with a frown on his gorgeous face as he put his right hand in front of him and launched his own dark sphere,
"that boy's powerful soul makes up for the large gap in our powers. The soul's strength not only determines the time I have, but also amplifies the amount of power I can use in this world."
He said as with an emotionless voice as the two powers collided and tried to overcome one another. It soon became apparent that these two warriors were evenly matched as their power made the kind of explosion that could destroy a whole village and leave no trace behind.

Madara's insane smile only got larger at the last mentioned fact made by the stranger.
"So what if you are as strong as me?! The only thing that is required of me, the great Madara Uchiha, to achieve victory is to buy as much time as possible!"
He yelled as he made the necessary handsigns for one of the most famous Uchiha techniques.

"
FIRE STYLE: GREAT FIREBALL JUTSU!"


The man was not surprised by the statement, if anything, the slight smirk on his face told everyone around that the man was quite amused with Madara's proclamation.
"Yes, that would be a smart course of action,"
said the man as the giant flame hit him head on.
"But you forget one important detail Madara."
The smoke cleared and the man was standing in the same spot with one of his wings in front of him, therefore protecting him from any harm. There was no damage on his perfect pale skin whatsoever.

"
What's so important that you felt the need to mention to your enemy?"
Madara asked as he replaced his Rinnegan with his Sharingan and charged at the man with the highest speed he could manage in his current state. The mysterious man did not lose his composure as he waited for the horizontal kick that was coming towards the left side of his head. Madara's high kick met the man's left forearm as a huge shockwave resounded throughout the battlefield. The man immediately went for a counterattack as he pushed Madara's leg away from him with his left forearm and rotated his body with an unmatched speed to hit Madara with the back of his giant left wing. Madara, who was not expecting the man to perform such an unusual attack and who could no longer keep up with the speed the man possessed even with his Sharingan, took a direct hit from the wing. The wing seemed to possess a huge amount of power behind it because Madara flew a mile away from his previous position.

"
Madara, you lost the fight the moment I was summoned. It's true that we are equal in power, but your speed could never compare to mine in your current state and besides,"
the man said as he walked towards Madara,
"your soul belonged to me the moment you died."
He said as each step he took him closer and closer to the undamaged self-proclaimed god.

Madara, who was now on his feet, had a confident smirk on his face.
"I, the great Uchiha Madara, am afraid that you are too late! I am now immortal and not even you, Lucifer, can take my life!"
He said as he delivered an empowered punch at the man who was now identified as Lucifer. Lucifer, who was expecting something like this, easily blocked the punch with one hand as another shockwave disturbed the battlefield.

"Madara, you don't understand." Began Lucifer with a confident tone in his beautiful voice.
"While it's true that your body will no longer age and can heal injuries almost instantly, you will still die if I take your corrupted soul."
He proved his point by slowly pulling blue energy, which could only be seem by the Sharingan, from Madara's hand, which was held firmly in Lucifer's iron grip. Madara, who felt his body getting weaker, immediately protested.
"You can't do this!"
He screamed at Lucifer.
"I'm afraid that you are wrong, Madara,"
Lucifer said as his expression went from clam to enraged which only served to increase the speed and power of his pull .
"You took something that belonged to me and, therefore, greatly angered me!"
He growled as he watched Madara's distraught expression with fascination.

"
No mortal can escaped death, Madara. No even one that acquired the power of a god."
Lucifer finalized as he completely separated body from soul. Madara, who no longer held life in his eyes, fell to Lucifer's power. Madara Uchiha, the man who almost conquered the world, was gone forever and this time, he was never coming back.

>