


Thank you for all the reviews! I really appreciate them!




Raiden



Chapter 8



Meetings



Mira was scared. Scratch that, she was terrified.

She had always considered herself a demon. She always feared herself, but – now that her eyes witnessed the massacre before her— her demons felt like they were angels compared to the red eyed devil before her.

She could see the her fears reflected in all the guards' faces as they witnessed their comrades getting killed one by one with swift slices they couldn't even see.

Sasuke moved with deadly efficiency and effectiveness, moving his sword impossibly fast in deadly arcs. It seemed that with each swing of his swords two or three guards fell to the luxurious floor with a hundred cuts in their bodies. It was brutal, but Mira couldn't help but find that it was also darkly beautiful. The way his beautiful body swayed and glided as he slashed them one by one to their deaths, his red eyes glistering without mercy. It was if he was dancing as he killed all of those who dared attack him.

The dance of death.

In a matter of two seconds, twenty high-level mages were dead, cold blood surrounding their bodies as their empty eyes looked at the Uchiha with horror, they last thing they managed to see being deadly demon eyes glaring daggers as they fell to their deaths.

No one dared to move as the Uchiha calmly swiped his sword, throwing the blood off the beautiful blade with distaste, not even batting an eye at the carnage he had created all around him.

It was then that Mira saw a part of the Uchiha she didn't want to have to acknowledge in anyone.

The merciless cold blooded killer.

Mira turned her eyes to the wide eyed Emperor. His old eyes looked at his dead subordinates with something she could only describe as guilt and sorrow, his already jagged face seemed to have become older in a matter of seconds. He then moved his eyes towards the smirking Sasuke with determination.

"Guards," the Emperor called, his raspy voice snapping the guards out of their fear streaking position.

The remaining guards quickly looked towards the Emperor, loyalty clouding their fear as they gazed towards the old man with complete admiration.

"Do everything in your power to bring this murderer to justice," the Emperor commanded as he glared at the amused Sasuke. "Be sure that my complete assistance will be given, I will never forgive those who dare harm my people."

Just like that, the morale was once again high as the guards bowed to their Kind and turned their fierce gaze towards Sasuke.

"Come and get it," Sasuke taunted as he decoyed them with his left hand while holding his deadly sword with his right.

The guards didn't take the bait. They instead separated in smaller groups, Mira noted, undoubtedly thinking that the Uchiha was a close combatant. In which case, they would be right in their assumption.

She also noted that Sasuke was only watching the guards with amusement, wondering what they were planning.

The guards stood no chance, but it was when various magic circles appeared around the room that that fact changed.


Sasuke was thrilled.

He simply watched as the magic circles appeared all around him, waiting for his opponents to make their move.

He didn't have to wait long as five guards pointed their hands towards his direction, a huge fire ball appearing and following their commands as the fiery ball traveled in impossible speeds towards the surprised Uchiha. He wasn't expecting the ball to travel so fast but he shrugged it off, jumping over the ball with a somersault.

He was not surprised to see a guard teleporting behind him, aiming a punch at the Uchiha's unprotected back. Sasuke, who knew these guards were top class and would not let such an opportunity pass, expected the attack and merely caught the surprised guard's fist between his fingers as he used the guard's body as a leverage to agilely flip over the guard and place both his feet on the shoulder pats on the man's shoulders. The last thing the guard managed to see was a silver flash before the deadly sword pierced the spot between his eyebrows.

Sasuke quickly jumped from the guard's shoulders as his Sharingan predicted the pattern of several water lashes rapidly heading in his direction. He narrowed his eyes in thought as he continued propelling his body left and right, trying to evade all the lashes. These guards were not supposed to be able to keep up with him – they weren't even supposed to be able to see him for hell's sake – but, somehow, they were. And that wasn't even the worst thing. These guards were now a whole lot faster and the speed of their magic seemed to have increased as well.

His eyes widened when the last of the water lashes appeared to have increased its speed during its attack to the point where the Uchiha wasn't going to be able to move his body in time to completely evade the spell. His eyes widened even further when a sexy demonic figure with bat like wings on her back appeared before him, a purple like shield surrounding her curved figure and a floating Aimi. The huge water attack was completely stopped as the water went around the shield.

Sasuke smirked as he fell towards the oncoming surface. "I didn't think you wanted to join the party."

Mira turned her pretty head and narrowed her eyes at the Uchiha. "Shut up," she snapped, her beautiful face turning into an ugly scowl. "There was no reason for you to kill them!"

"It was merely self-defense," Sasuke excused as both his feet met the floor, elegantly landing. He decided to ignore Mira's indignant snort as he looked around the large throne room with his Sharingan, trying to determine the root of his impending problems. His demonic eyes narrowed at the exhausted looking old man sitting on his throne, who looked like he was at the point of collapsing.

"Hn," Sasuke observed, looking at the Emperor. "It looks like you're not as useless as you look."

"How dare you insult our great Emperor!" one of the guards shout with rage, launching a dark orb towards the Uchiha. Sasuke didn't even bother looking at his direction, merely swatting the attack back at the guard with a swing of his hand. The guard, and the three men around him, were prepared to teleport but the attack proved faster, exploding as it came into contact with the guards, taking all of them to the next world.

The remaining guards were shaking in fear, but they didn't let that stop them as they gathered in front of the Emperor. No one was going to touch their King without getting by them first. The Emperor looked at Sasuke with widened eyes, wondering just who in the hell the demon in front of him was and just what kind of danger did he put his most loyal and powerful soldiers in.

"I was wondering what all that magic was concentrating on," Sasuke said as he looked around at the magic circles, putting his beautiful blade back in its sheath, knowing that his speed will be no match for the Emperor's special magic. "I first thought that the guards were simply holding back at the start of the battle — but then that wouldn't make sense — they should've still be able to see my attacks if that was the case. And then Mira confirmed my suspicion."

Sasuke narrowed his Sharingan eyes at the old man on the throne. "Just like your son, you also have the power of time, don't you?"

The room was silent as the Emperor scrambled to find words.

"H-how did you know?" the old man managed to ask, surprised and terrified the raven was able to figure out his magic so quick, no one had been able to figured it out so quick before. Since the lives of his guards depended on his magic, he was mostly terrified.

"Simple really," Sasuke smirked. "I thought it was strange how your guards and their magic seemed to have gained speed right after the spell was unleashed. Then the fact that the guards seemed to be able to see my moves to a certain degree was also a hint that something was going on. And then my suspicion came to a close when my partner moved at the same speed she was accustomed to. All of those minor details coupled by the fact that you're the father of Time didn't make the little puzzle that hard to figure out. You used your time magic to slow me down." It was a statement, not a question.

The Emperor quickly gathered his wits, putting up the intimidating font he knew he was too exhausted to play. "What do you want?" he asked with a serious tone, not willing to betray his fear.

Sasuke looked at the Emperor confusedly. He was expecting a lot of things, but he sure wasn't expecting to so called King to give up so easily. Was it some kind of trick?

His thoughts seemed to have occupied the soldiers too as they looked at their King with astonishment, wondering what happened to the conviction he usually displayed in front of adversity. Their King never acted like this before. They were worried.

"Your majesty," a guard bowed before the Emperor, his forehead hitting the floor. "Please allow us to take care of this. I'm sure that, together, this man will be no match for us."

The Emperor shook his head as a small laugh devoid of emotion was released from his mouth. "I'm afraid not, Arthur," the Emperor responded as he looked at the Uchiha admiringly, as if he was staring at some sort of god on that came upon earth. The magic circles around the room slowly as color returned to the King's pale face, his breathing made much easier now that his magic had been stopped. "Stopping this man took all the power I had, and even then you all were struggling to keep up with him." Gasps of surprise were heard around the room as the guards looked at the Uchiha astonishingly. "I know when a battle is lost."

He then stood up and walked down the stairs in front of his throne with leisure steps, his head held high with dignity as his reluctant soldiers parted slowly, forming a straight path towards Sasuke. When he stood in front of the Uchiha, he got to his knees and bowed, his body in the same position Arthur's had been when he had bowed to his King. "Please, I implore of you, let my guards leave unharmed and I'll give you my life in exchange."

The guards could only at their King with astonishment, not being able to believe their Emperor would really go as far as begging to someone who murdered twenty-five of their comrades, Especially since it was to save useless commoners who only wanted to serve their generous King.

Sasuke, much on the same page as the guards but for an entirely different reasons, looked on with widened eyes, he wasn't expecting the Emperor to be humble and devoted to his people. He was expecting an arrogant and selfish King who only cared about himself, much like the Daimyos from the Elemental Nations. "Your life is already in my hands," Sasuke said stoically, not giving his surprise away. "What makes you think that I can't just kill all of you?"

"I know," the old voice responded knowingly as he lifted his head to look at the Uchiha and the floating demonic female behind him. "You must have used the mission as a way to get inside the castle, as a way to get to me. Please, I'll give you all the jewels you want and my life, but, please, allow my guards to leave unharmed, they have nothing to do with this."

The guards looked their King with adoration. They then slowly turned their heads and looked at one another, nodding in confirmation with a small smile on their faces. One by one every one of their bodies fell to the floor behind their King, their foreheads touching the floor with perfect bows.

"Please, allow our King to live," the shouted in unison. "He has suffered enough, please takes us in his place!"

Silence.

The King and Mira looked at the guards with shock, they were surely not expecting this.

Sasuke snickered, breaking the silence. This world was much different than his own. He never expected to see the day a subject would beg for their master.

Mira must have mistook his rude actions wrong because, next thing he knows, a powerful claw is heading in his direction with deadly speed. Sasuke was so surprised by the attack that it managed to hit him on his lower back, piercing his through his clothes and halfway through his body as he flew towards the side of the room.

Sasuke flipped himself in midair, landing on the wall with his feet, standing parallel to the floor as his wound rapidly healed, nothing but a scar and the blood on his clothes was left as evidence that he had been injured. Sasuke looked at the enraged Mira with something akin to interest in his eyes. He certainly wasn't expecting the docile girl to attack him out of nowhere.

"That attack could have killed me," he smirked at Mira, ignoring the surprised guards and their King. His smirk slowly turned into a frown when he noticed glistering tears running down her face.

"Yeah, right!" Mira snorted disbelievingly, looking at the floor since she was too proud to let others see her tears.

"Why are you crying?" Sasuke asked, frowning.

"I'm not crying!" she snapped at the Uchiha, sending shivers down the spines of the men around the two as they wisely decided not to point out that she was indeed crying. "I'm just mad."

"Well then, why are you mad?" Sasuke decided to play her game. He would never understand women.

Mira didn't answer as she put her claws in front of her, focusing her magic between her palms.

"
Darkness Spread."


Sasuke watched interestingly as a dark sphere formed in the beautiful girl's hands. His surprise, however, only lasted for two seconds before various dark beans were sent towards him in surprising speeds. Sasuke quickly performed a handspring on the wall, the beans following his movements with accuracy and barely missing his head by mere inches as they destroyed the part of the wall where they struck. Sasuke looked towards Mira, ready to give her hell, only to eat his unsaid curses when he noticed fifteen other beans coming his way. He rapidly performed a back flip and rotated his body to the right, spinning sideways, as he evade three beans at the same time. Accumulated dust clouded his vision as explosions were heard throughout the room. He had no time to pay attention to that, however, when his Sharingan predicted the path of several beans marking him. Sasuke cursed as he moved his body agilely throughout the ceiling, his body performing elegant and prevised flips, moving just enough so that the beans would miss his body. He was evading the beans using Rock Lee's priced Taijutsu he remembered back on the Chunin Exams.

His eyes widened as a bean headed straight to his head while in the middle of a handspring, his hands balancing his body on the ceiling, his legs in midair. His arms flexed as he pushed himself away from the ceiling, rapidly rotating his body several times as his body stayed parallel to the floor. He gracefully landed with his feet on the floor, several feet away from the awed crowd of guards and an enraged Mira.

"Let's see you evade this," Mira stated as she put her hands behind her back and gathered energy from the surrounding area. The energy slowly took form of a large, black globe.

"
Soul Extinction."


With that, Mira then pronged her hands forward, firing a large purple-black bean that headed straight for Sasuke, deteriorating part of the floor as it neared its intended target.

Sasuke sighed, he really didn't want to have to pay for this expensive looking castle. He tapped his foot lightly on the floor.

"
Summoning: Rashomon."


The floor shook as a deadly looking demon gate was raised from the surface. Its gates slowly opening as the attack came closer and closer. The attack went through to another dimension as soon as it passed by the opened entrance.

Their observers could merely watch, wondering what they were thinking when they challenged the two fighting companions, even though it was to see if they were strong enough to take on the Time and Space siblings.

Mira was surprised by the defense that blocked her view from the Uchiha and swallowed her attack whole. The gate was very intimidating looking and would probably scare most mages, but not Mira. She wanted to put all her magic into breaking the impressive defense, but she was running out of energy and even her transformation would soon give out. This was one of her most powerful attacks, it took every bit of magic she had, she was shocked that her transformation had even lasted this long. Seeing that her attack was proving useless and a waste or energy, she slowly retracted her hands, giving up on the attack.

The gate ate all the remaining dark magic before slowly closing its gigantic doors, retracting back to where it came from. A stoic Sasuke came into view as he looked at Mira, who was preparing herself for what would probably be her final attack.

"
Alive Burial Technique."


Mira looked down at her feet frantically, purple liquid surrounded her boots as they were slowly being covered by the now liquidly floor. She batted her wings furiously, trying to launch herself in the air but it proved impossible, the liquid seemed to have been glued to her now submerged leg. Soon, nothing but her pretty head could be seen as the luxurious floor around her became solid once again. She was buried alive.

The guards and their King had no idea what just happened, but they knew that it was because of the Uchiha. It seemed as if the gorgeous man before them was much too powerful. They looked on confusedly as Sasuke disappeared from his spot.

Quicker than one could blink, Sasuke stood in front of the now normal Mira, whose magic had run out, holding Aimi in his arms – who was no longer floating since Mira's protective shield had disappeared – with a frown on his pretty face. "There is no need for you to get so mad," he started as he looked down at her beautiful blue orbs, making sure that she was the only one who could hear his voice. "It's sad, but I won't be able to kill just anyone if I want to join the council. Not to mention, to continue being your friend."

Mira turned her eyes away from him, trying to erase the picture in her mind of the beautiful Uchiha slaying the guards left and right, not showing an ounce of hesitation or mercy as he spilled blood. It was the most brutal thing she had ever seen, especially because it was someone she cared about doing all the killing. "It's too late for that," she managed to say, trying to keep the tears at bay.

Sasuke smirked, his Sharingan eyes being replaced by his normal onyx ones. "Check again," he whispered as all the blood on the floor seemed to have disappeared, nowhere to be seen.

Mira looked on surprised as the supposedly dead guards began standing up one by one, not one injury on their person.

The King and his subordinates were very much on the same position. They stared wide eyed as their comrades slowly stood up, looking as confused as everyone else around the room.

Mira turned her blue eyes back towards the smirking Uchiha. "Can you please release me," she begged, looking at floor around her with distaste. "This is really uncomfortable, I can't move at all."

"That's the point," Sasuke deadpanned, he grabbed her head with an open palm and slowly pulled her up, the floor giving way as her well-endowed body was slowly retracted from the surface.

Mira dusted her clothes as soon as her boots touched the floor, double checking that it wasn't going to become liquidly once again. She then turned her eyes towards the awaiting Uchiha.

"How?" Mira asked.

Sasuke shrugged. "It was an Illusion," he explained out loud, not wanting to repeat himself when the Emperor demanded. "I wanted to see what kind of King would order their own family to death. Putting the lives of his subordinates in danger was the perfect test."

Hearing this, the Emperor bowed his head in sadness, once again reminded of his greatest regret. "I'm sorry," he gazed at his luxurious floor. "I want nothing by my children's happine—"

"It doesn't matter," Sasuke cut him off, still looking at Mira. "You passed the test flawlessly, even putting your own life at risk by performing that technique on me. That's all the explanation I need."

The guards perked up at this.

"What does he mean, your Majesty?" Arthur voiced what was going through every one of his friends' mind. "You were putting your life at risk by slowing down time?"

Silence followed his inquisition, and for a moment everyone thought the question would go unanswered.

That was until the Emperor finally nodded hesitantly, he was never one for lies and deception. "I, unlike my child of time, was not born with the power," he said, his eyes betraying his sadness at the mention of his twins. "I developed the power after my twins were born. It's nowhere near Time's level, but it's very useful, it could even become unbeatable if I was a bit younger," he joked, letting out a chuckle of amusement, trying to lighten the depressing mood that seemed to have infected the room.

It didn't work.

"The only downside is that," he continued. "For every second I take control of time, my heart pays for it."

The guards gasped at this while Mira looked at the Emperor guiltily, blaming herself for not putting a stop to Sasuke. Sasuke, on the other hand, was worrying about his ruined clothing, he didn't particularly like the fact that the girl who bought them was the one who ruined them in the end. He had actually taken a liking to them too.

"W-why didn't you ever tell us?" one of the guards asked. "We would have worked harder and become much stronger so that you wouldn't have to resort to using your magic."

"I didn't want to worry you," the Emperor immediately answered, looking towards the frowning Uchiha. "Now, let's come back to the matters at hand." he abruptly changed the subject.

"But your Majes—" one of the recent awakened guards instantly stopped talking when the Emperor raised his hand, giving him a pointed look. Putting his hand down, the Emperor sighed and looked towards his guests.

"So," the Emperor looked at Mira, the one who looked easier to talk to. "Am I correct to assume you're here for the mission? Trying to my twins' base of operations? "

"Yes, your Majesty," Mira responded, bowing slightly to the old King before her, ever the polite girl she was.

The Emperor smiled. "Beautiful and polite," he complimented, making Mira blush in embarrassment. "Glad to see there are still some youngsters out there who know their manners."

Sasuke pointedly ignored the accusing looks directed at him.

"You flatter me, your Majesty," she responded, giving a confused frown to the guards who were trying to, subtlety, get her attention, failing miserably in the process.

Sasuke, the ever observant ninja he was, took notice of the guards' actions, immediately letting out some killing intent. The guards instantly took a step back, trying to put some distance between them and the poisonous atmosphere that seemed to have appeared out of nowhere. Once their eyes met the object of their discomfort, it was safe to assume that the message had been crossed. The beautiful young woman was off limits. That is, if their slightly wet pants were anything to go by.

The King chuckled in amusement, having caught the Uchiha's jealousy. How he missed being young and foolish.

"Well," the Emperor gathered himself, wondering how the now confused looking girl didn't seem to grasp how dangerous the man behind her truly was. "I would normally help with finding their hideout, but –due to unsightly circumstances— I'm afraid that I cannot be of assistance, you have to find your own way in their hideout."

Sasuke perked up at this, he always was one for challenges. "Your assistance won't be needed anyways," he stated, backtracking immediately when he noticed Mira giving him a small frown.

"What?" Sasuke asked, giving the pretty girl a questioning look.

"Can't you be a little more polite?" Mira asked with a pout on her face.

Sasuke was once again taken aback by her cute pout, but gathered himself almost immediately. He had learned from his mistakes, like any exceptional warrior. "I could," he started, smirking when he noticed her mouth twisting into a small smile. "But I won't," he finished with a full blown smirk in his gorgeous face.

Mira looked at the Uchiha with something akin to sadness on her face, her eyes suddenly seeming a lot more bleary than usual.

Sasuke's smirk immediately disappeared as he wondered how she seemed to win every single time, he was beginning to question why he even tried. But then he remembered that it was because he was Sasuke Uchiha, the unbeatable. It wouldn't do for him to stop until he won. Though he was starting to doubt at the very moment if winning was even possible in this kind of situation. Is this how Naruto felt wit Sakura? He sure hoped not.

He sighted indignantly, noting how her seemingly endless blue orbs immediately cleared as a bright smile made its way to her face.

"Fine," he said as he sent the famous Uchiha death glare at the smiling Emperor. "We appreciate your willingness to help," he said through gritted teeth. "But the location of their hideout will be help enough." Sasuke wanted to kill the bastard guard who dared mutter "whipped" loud enough to reach his enhanced hearing, but the avenger calmed himself with the thought that he would get to kick their ass when Mira was not looking.

"It's alright," the Emperor appeased, not catching the comment made by his snickering guards. "But I'm afraid it's not that simple."

"What do you mean?" Sasuke and Mira asked at the same time. Surprised, they both slowly moved their heads to the other's direction, only to immediately retract when their eyes met, a small blush on both their faces.

"N-next time wait for your turn to speak," Sasuke scowled, trying to fight his growing embarrassment.

A small giggle escaped Mira's covered mouth, seeing the proud Uchiha's true intention.

Sasuke frowned, immediately glancing at the amused Emperor.

"What do you mean it's not that simple," Sasuke said, trying to change the subject. "You just tell us the location and we'll take care of the rest, end of story."

"What I mean is," the King said, walking back to his throne, he was really getting too old for all of this. "Space, my youngest son, created various hideouts for their "organization", all of them in different dimensions. It will take time for them to be located. And even then, if we cannot reach them in time, all our efforts will go to waste seeing as they move to a different location every few days."

Sasuke scowled in annoyance. Although reaching them would be no problem, locating them would be quite a monotonous task. He looked to the Emperor, an idea coming to mind. "Reaching their destination will be quite simple," Sasuke said. "But, I'll need a mage that has the capability of space magic in their body to locate them."

The Emperor was surprised that the young man had found a solution so fast, but immediately opted to helping the Uchiha, his old mind remembering a particular young girl. "I believe I know just the person," the Emperor smiled. "But I'm afraid that it will take time for her to arrive, one or two days maximum."

Sasuke nodded. He needed Aimi to recuperate anyway, performing what he had in mind will cost him a lot of energy.

"Arthur," the Emperor called towards his guards. Immediately an attractive blonde haired man came up, bowing to his King. "Can you please direct our guests to the guest wing?"

"Yes, my Lord," Arthur turned towards Mira, completely ignoring the raven. "If you would please follow me, my Lady. I will direct you towards your room."

Sasuke narrowed his eyes at the blond man, recognizing the smooth voice. "Yes," he answered for Mira, smirking at the blonde. "A nice comfortable bed sounds really nice right about now. Kicking your ass really took it out me." Mira gave Sasuke a disapproving glance, but didn't say anything since he wasn't really causing trouble.

Arthur's own blue eyes narrowed at Sasuke's sarcastic tone. "I see," he answered, it wouldn't do for him to insult the Emperor's guest. He promptly turned and headed for the gates in the throne room, not missing the victorious glint that was purposely placed in the onyx eyes of the Uchiha.

"Wait!"

Sasuke and Mira turned towards the Emperor. Arthur, however, continued walking, knowing that the Emperor did not need anything from him.

"Could you please tell me your names?" He asked, looking curiously at the two powerful mages before him.

Mira smiled pleasantly. "My name is Mirajane, but you can just call me Mira." She then turned to the Uchiha, a frown on her face.

Sasuke sighed indignantly, knowing what she wanted. "Sasuke," he said, turning and walking toward the gates. He really needed to find a way to resist her and fast. He found that she always seemed to be in his mind, and when she wasn't, it was because he was in la-la land, staring at her. What was even worse was that, every time he merely glanced her way, a boner would pop up. He would sometimes fantasize in finding another girl that could take care of his little problem, but it seemed impossible. No one could compare to Mira in his lower head's perspective. It was really infuriating.

So deep was he in his musings that he didn't even hear what the Emperor said, giving Mira a questioning glance when he noticed Mira shaking his shoulders in an attempt to wake him.

"Are you alright?" She asked, a concerned frown on her face.

The Uchiha nodded absently, wondering when was the last time he had seen that same expression in his mother's face.

"Well then," she smiled, taking his unoccupied hand in her much smaller ones. "Let's go, Arthur is waiting for us. It wouldn't be polite for us to make him wait any longer."

Sasuke mentally rolled his eyes at her words. Who cared about that stupid guard anyway? Well, besides Mira? The guy could die for all he cared. Though it was, he admitted begrudgingly, because of the idiot that Mira was holding his hand at the moment, something that he was greatly enjoying inwardly and seeming apathetic outwardly. His lower region seemed to have calmed for the moment and Sasuke couldn't be more satisfied with life.

Mira led him to the awaiting Arthur, who was waiting patiently outside the gates of the throne room.

Arthur smiled when he noticed Mira walking towards him, his smile slowly disappearing when he noticed the joined hands and Sasuke's smirking face. He really hated that irritating pretty boy.

He turned and started walking towards the stairs, trying to keep his mouth from lashing out at Sasuke.

Sasuke's smirked never diminished as they walked up the white stairs that were decorated with flowers and the like in each side. They slowly made their way in a violet and white corridor, stopping on the third room to their right.

"Here's your room, my Lady," Arthur said as he opened the luxurious white door for Mira.

"Just call me Mira," Mira said as she reluctantly let go of the Uchiha's hand and secured Aimi in her arms, eager to give the little animal a much needed bath. "I hate formalities."

"As you wish," Arthur complied. "Mira."

Mira smiled at the blonde before looking at the Uchiha. "I'll see you at lunch, Sasuke," she said eagerly, she couldn't wait to spend more quality time with the raven.

Sasuke nodded, watching as the white haired beauty's eyes sparkled in delight before she entered her room, only removing his eyes when Arthur closed the door.

Arthur didn't say a word, turning and making his way further down the corridor. He frowned, however, when he noticed the Uchiha wasn't following him. He turned around, his frown becoming more resilient when he noticed the opened door right next to Mira's room. He decisively made his way towards the room, looking angrily inside at Sasuke who was laying comfortably in a queen sized bed.

"What are you doing?" Arthur asked through gritted teeth.

Sasuke gave him a dubious look. "What does it look like I'm doing?"

Arthur shook his head in annoyance. "Why are you in this room?"

"Because I want this room," Sasuke smirked.

"I think you're misunderstanding something," Arthur stated as he glared at the Uchiha. "You don't get to choose your room, I do."

"Oh, really?" Sasuke asked as his form disappeared from the bed, only to appear in front of the blonde, his hand holding Arthur in midair by the neck. "And who the hell are you to tell me what to do?"

The blonde couldn't respond as he struggled in the Uchiha's iron grip, his face going red as he was unable to breathe.

"You don't get it, do you?" Sasuke asked the terrified blonde, not really expecting an answer. "You're an ant compared to me, you would've been dead if wasn't because of Mira."

Arthur looked at Sasuke's dead serious face, seeing his painful death at the raven's mercy in those deep onyx eyes.

"But you're not getting so lucky next time," Sasuke said as he threw the blonde out the room. "And don't get any funny ideas with Mira," Sasuke said as he closed the door.



Sorry for the delay, I have been busy!



PLEASE REVIEW!


>