


The Sixth Chapter! And we get to see Sadahiko Uzumaki in action! Aren't we all excited now! Make sure to review and check out my challenges on my profile, especially "Yin-Yang Naruto" Now without further ado on with the story!



Also here is another note about the origins of the names used for Hamura's Children.



Ganesha: Eldest Son of Hamura Otsutsuki and Founder of the Uzumaki Clan. Inherited his body meaning they could survive in places that normal human beings couldn't, along with physical energy and mental energy as well as different chakra natures and perfect shape manipulation. He also gained incredible life force and vitality too.



Ganesha

is the Hindu God of Knowledge, Wisdom, and New Beginnings and is one of the most widely worshiped deities along with being the son of the God Shiva and the Goddess Parvati. He is depicted as a red elephant.



Surya: Youngest Son of Hamura Otsutsuki and Founder of the Hyuga Clan. Inherited his eyes, the Byakugan, the devolved form of the Tenseigan, along with spiritual energy and mental energy as well as perfect chakra control and incredible visual perception. He also gained immense instincts and vitality too.



Surya is another Hindu God however he is referred to as the Solar Deity and is mostly connected to the Sun. I named him as the Hyuga Clan founder because their name means "towards the sun" or "place in the sun".



(Many Years Ago, Somewhere in the Land of Fire, nighttime)


A young Sadahiko Uzumaki landed on the ground gracefully, still gripping his weapon. He had tan skin, purple eyes and long spiky red hair that reached his waist and was tied into a ponytail with a bang on both sides of his face. In a way he looked like Naruto without the whisker marks and blue eyes. He wore dark blue pants, black gloves, sandals, white bandages around his forelegs under his knees, and a long sleeve black hooded coat ending at his knees and over that he wore the usual shinobi armor plates worn back then. His armor was red and consisted of plates that covered his shoulders, chest, back, thighs, the sides and back of his neck and waist while also covering his forearms with his coat's hood sticking out of the armor. Tied around his back was a large scroll that was next to his rear while in his right hand was a double-edge, dark red broadsword with a black crossguard and a two-handed round grey handle with a grey ring at the bottom of it. Near the top of the blade was a round hollow part too with the Uzumaki symbol below it followed by a series of black lines going all over the blade.

Opposite of him was another man, around Sadahiko's height. This person's appearance was different from the Uzumaki's. His skin was paler, he had long dark blue hair that reached his lower back and bright yellow eyes too. And while he wore dark pants, bandages around his forelegs and black sandals, this man only wore a long-sleeve black shirt that ended at his waist instead of his knees like Sadahiko's. Over that he wore the usual armor that shinobi of that time wore, consisting of plates that covered his chest, neck, back, shoulders, waist, thighs and forearms. However draped over the armor was an ankle-length tattered black cloak held by a single large silver button at his chest. As it moved against the wind it almost looked like the cloak was glimmering, reflecting the light of the moon. Finally the man held dual scythes, one in each hand that had sharp and curved blades ending at a demonic face with black handles that had chains at the bottom of them connecting to the man's forearm guards.

Both men were standing facing one another within a wide cavern devoid of trees and grass, just a barren wasteland. The blue hair man made the first move; spreading his arms and in extension his scythes out wide he then swung them forward, firing two bolts of lightning that appeared out of nowhere straight towards Sadahiko. In response Sadahiko sent chakra into his broadsword and with a single swing deflected the lightning bolts easily. The two projectiles flew towards the far left and a small explosion formed afterwards when they made contact with the ground.

Sadahiko decided to follow it up. Strapping his sword to his back Sadahiko formed hand seals. "Onmyoton: Yajirushi Sanzai no jutsu (Yin-Yang Release: Scattered Arrows Technique)!" Hundreds of small blue arrows appeared in the air around Sadahiko before launching themselves towards the blue hair man. But the onslaught did not make him waver as he swiftly used his dual scythes to deflect some of the arrows while dodging the others.

While his opponent was distracted Sadahiko formed another set of hand seals. "Onmyoton: Josho Mashu no Jutsu (Yin-Yang Release: Rising Demon Hands Technique)!" Several large pale hands shot up from the ground around the blue hair man, ready to grab him. But instead the man did a spin and released an arc of wind, cutting the hands in half. As the large hands fell to the ground the man looked at Sadahiko with a smirk. "You'll have to do better then that Sadahiko if you want to kill me!" The man said as he jumped backwards. Strapping his scythes to his back the man raised both his hands forward. A seal appeared in front of them and fired a barrage of energy balls at Sadahiko.

"The same could be said to you Hachiro!" Sadahiko yelled in response as he dodged the balls of fire, ignoring the explosions they made as they hit the ground behind him. "Something like that isn't enough to kill me!"

"Then let us try a different tactic." The person now identified as Hachiro replied as he clapped his hands above his head before bringing them down. Sadahiko looked up to the sky and was shocked to see a large ball of natural energy in the form of a green orb. It then took on the form of a large ball of magma falling from the sky straight towards him.
"Shit!"
Sadahiko thought while rearing back both his hands. Soon yellow chakra began to form around his fists as he yelled, "Hado: Bankoken (Wave Motion: Ten Thousand Fists)!" Sadahiko then unleashed a barrage of punches upwards. Each punch released hand-size golden spheres of chakra that struck the ball of magma repeatedly. Slowly the punches began breaking apart the magma so that chunks of it flew everywhere causing explosions and craters to form around the two combatants, with flames helping change the landscape permanently.

Sadahiko had just finished when his senses went up, causing him to pull out his broadsword just in time to stop Hachiro's scythes. The Kishin used Sadahiko's attention on the magma as a distraction to get close to the Uzumaki. But obviously the surprise attack had failed. "I see you're senses have not dulled since the last time we fought Sadahiko." Hachiro said to his rival with a sadistic grin.

Sadahiko glared at Hachiro before pushing the blue haired man back with his sword. Sadahiko made to move but felt something around his left ankle. Looking down the Uzumaki was surprised to see a tree branch binding his leg. "Wood?" Sadahiko wondered.

"Yes now die at the hands of a thousand bladed branches!" Hachiro declared as he formed several hand motions. Soon multiple large wood branches shot out of the ground, all of them converging towards Sadahiko. The sharp ends on the branches left no reason to doubt they would definitely skewer Sadahiko.

"
This is almost like Hashirama's Mokuton."
Sadahiko thought as he quickly shot out dozens of chakra chains from his back. The spear-tip chains clashed with the sharp-pointed branches with the former eventually winning. Hachiro cursed as he watched this while Sadahiko freed his leg from its bind. Now free Sadahiko formed a one-handed seal with his left hand before tapping the side of his scroll strapped to his shoulders. Upon doing so several weapons poof in the air above Sadahiko while his chakra chains shot towards them. Then the spear-tips at the end morphed into clawed hands, each one made for grabbing a weapon. Now armed the chains shot towards Hachiro, engaging him in combat while the Kishin defended himself with his scythes.

After a while Hachiro finally managed to get free from the onslaught of attacks by merging his scythes into a single large scythe. This one was similar to the two smaller ones except had a bigger and longer blade, handle and what looked like a smaller curved blade with a red gem attached to the larger blade, facing the opposite direction. With incredible skill Hachiro formed several fast swings with his scythe, slicing the chains in half and forcing Sadahiko to recall them back.

As the chains receded back into Sadahiko the Uzumaki saw something that made his eyes widened. Forming above Hachiro were three black orbs.
"A variation of the Kishin clan's signature technique! One that's appearance and power level is compared to a Bijuu's Tail Beast Bomb! Makyu (Demon Sphere)"
Sadahiko thought when he figured out that the three orbs were compressed natural energy.

"Makyu: San'ankyu (Demon Sphere: Three Dark Spheres)!" Hachiro cried as he launched the three black orbs towards Sadahiko. The orbs began spinning around in a circle as they drew closer to their target.

However Sadahiko did not waver at this attack but instead formed the Ram seal again. "Onmyoton: Enkido no Jutsu (Yin-Yang Release: Circular Orbit Technique)!" He yelled as a large black sphere surrounded by five smaller spheres appeared before him and the three black orbs. The five smaller white spheres soon began to rotate around the large black one faster and faster and just as Hachiro's attack was about to hit Sadahiko's technique formed into a large black and white vortex that within seconds obliterated everything within a mile radius, filling the sky with smoke. The three black orbs also exploded and increased the radius of the explosion even more.

As the smoke began to clear Hachiro's voice could be heard. "To think you would only need to use Onmyoton: Saiji: Santetchu no Jutsu (Yin-Yang Release: Sacred Rites: Three Iron Pillars Technique) to protect yourself from such an explosion…just what I expect from you Sadahiko." Hachiro said.

As the dust finally cleared it revealed that the battlefield as well as the surrounding area of about two and a half miles, had been reduced to nothing more then a giant smoldering crater. Sadahiko was perfectly unharmed and it was thanks to three square-shaped iron pillars around him in a triangle formation. The pillars were connected thanks to reflective walls that were emitting chakra and had protected Sadahiko from the explosion. However the Uzumaki's attention was focused on his opponent and what he was standing on to be exact. The creature was large, almost as large as the Kyuubi and looked like a giant ape what with its stubby legs and long arms reaching the ground. However it had no hands but instead large hook blades at the ends of its arms. The top part of its body was just dark blue skin while the bottom part was black fur while going down his spine was a line of purple spikes while a pair of large curled white horns were coming out of his back. On its face it had multiple smaller horns and what appeared to be a second black colored lower jaw over the first one and finally had yellow sclera and black slit pupils. Standing directly on top of its head was none other then Hachiro.

"
He summoned a Maju (Demon Beast) to protect himself from the explosion."
Sadahiko thought as he stared at the creature before him. To the Maju the Uzumaki was nothing more then an ant. It growled and hissed as it stood before Sadahiko.

"Now then Sadahiko, let's see what you can do in this situation!" Hachiro yelled as the Maju raised its right arm preparing to bring it down on Sadahiko.

Sadahiko however clapped his hands. "I'll do what I always told Hashirama and Madara to do…improvise! Onmyoton: Yamashiro no Jutsu (Yin-Yang Release: Mountain Fortress Technique)!" He cried as he formed the Ram seal. Suddenly several mountains with numerous caves, tunnels, bridges and walls on them, began to rise all around the Maju, completely cutting its view of Sadahiko off as well as its mobility.

Hachiro cursed as he watched this all happen from his view on top of the Maju. "Now where did he go?" Hachiro muttered as he looked around from atop his summon. His attention was brought above when felt a spike of chakra. Looking up Hachiro saw Sadahiko in mid air performing a set of hand seals. "Did you think you could attack in such an open area?!" Hachiro asked mockingly as he began sending energy to the Maju's body. Said creature raised its head at Sadahiko and began forming a Makyu (Demon Sphere) from its mouth.

"Onmyoton: Yahashira Kokan no Jutsu (Yin-Yang Release: Eight Pillar Light Ring Technique)!" Sadahiko's voice said from somewhere else. Suddenly a yellow ring with eight points appeared around the Maju, binding it in place and stopping its Makyu. Hachiro seemed surprised and confused but that confusion cleared when he saw a second Sadahiko standing from the entrance of one of the caves.
"If that's the real Sadahiko then that means the other one is a…Onmyoton Bushin (Yin-Yang Clone)!"
Hachiro thought as he looked back up at the first Sadahiko in the air that had just finished forming seals.

Holding out its right arm, hand open, the clone yelled, "Onmyoton: Kuryuraiho no Jutsu (Yin-Yang Release: Sky Dragon Thunder Cannon Technique)!" The clone then fired a large beam of blue energy from its palm with lightning cackling around it. The beam instantly hit Hachiro as well as the Maju's head, causing the latter to explode in a shower of blood and flesh while the rest of the corpse disappeared in a large poof of smoke.

Sadahiko stood at the edge of the mountain while his clone disappeared above him, fading away into thin air.

"Did I get him?" Sadahiko mumbled to himself as he looked over the small valley of mountains he created. "No, there's no way Hachiro could've been done in by something like that."

Just as he finished his sentence Sadahiko spun around and brought up his broadsword, just in time to stop Hachiro's dual scythes from ripping through him. The Kishin didn't look the least bit injured or faze from Sadahiko's last attack.

Sadahiko grunted as Hachiro tried to overpower him but eventually the Uzumaki managed to push his opponent back, causing him to skid across the ground. Not giving Hachiro a chance to recover, Sadahiko began sending chakra into his broadsword, causing the black lines to glow blue followed by the hollow hole at the top of the blade. "Ageshio: Mikazuki Akanami (Rising Tide: Crescent Moon Red Wave)!" Sadahiko roared as he swung his blade downwards. The broadsword then released a wave of large red crescent shaped blades from it, all of them flying towards Hachiro.

"RAAAGH!" Hachiro roared as he quickly formed a wall of energy. The blades hit the wall head on, causing said wall to break apart in multiple chunks of energy shards. However Hachiro wasn't done yet as the shards reformed into multiple spears before being launched at Sadahiko. The Uzumaki however was not intimidated by this but instead infused more chakra into his blade and released a single powerful wave of chakra that dispersed the barrages, sending them crashing on either side of him. Sadahiko saw Hachiro diving towards him and the two once again engaged in weapon combat. But this time they added chakra to their weapons, causing waves of chakra to spark off every time their weapons met. When that happened large chunks of land would be shattered and tossed into the wind like rag dolls. The very ground beneath them began to crack and shudder under their ferocious duel.

After a time Hachiro and Sadahiko jumped away from one another, both of them not looking the least bit tired or even wounded. However it was clear that Hachiro was getting annoyed of how long it was taking from the looking of irritation on his face. "I'm going to finish this now, with one of my most powerful Maju." Hachiro declared as he slammed both his hands on the ground, causing a large poof of smoke to appear before Sadahiko. Said person clasped both his hands together in response, quickly gathering natural energy around him. A minute or two later the smoke disappeared, revealing Hachiro standing on top of another monster, this one larger then the last, almost the same size as the Kyuubi. It looked like a centaur but instead of a man crossed with a horse, it was a man crossed with a lion. The bottom half was that of a lion's body, having brown fur and a long tail. However the top part was more human like except it also had brown fur along with a demonic lion face with red eyes, a dark yellow mane, two pairs of arms and claws too. Covering its body was a set of grey glowing armor covering the legs, knees, back, arms, elbows, shoulders, chest, waist and thighs. The Maju let out a loud roar that sent nearby trees out of the ground and flying backwards, though Sadahiko stood his ground.

Sadahiko stared at the large creature and Hachiro for a moment before letting out a sigh. Strapping his blade to his back again the Uzumaki clasped both his hands together. "Forgive me imoto…" He mumbled under his breath, his thoughts going to his little sister. "But I have to end Hachiro's life here and now."

Suddenly chakra began to surround Sadahiko's body, taking the form of a yellow pillar with him in the epicenter. Black markings began to cover his face as his once purple eyes turned into a silver-white with his white sclera becoming pitch black. "Senpo: Onmyoton: Tenjin Shingai! (Sage Art: Yin-Yang Release: Heaven Blade Divine Armor)" The yellow pillar quickly took the shape of a large sphere that soon dispersed, revealing a figure of titanic proportions, dwarfing the Maju before it and even the mountains around it. The figure was human in shape but slightly different. It wore golden armor underneath a white cloak that revealed its feet and hands but had golden shoulder plates above the cloak. The head was covered by a sun-shape disk helmet and mask while wearing a necklace with five beads on it, each one having a kanji for the main chakra natures. The most noticeable feature was that attached to its back was a large pair of wings with golden trims and silver almost blade-like feathers too. Standing on top of the figure's head was Sadahiko staring down at Hachiro.

"Here I come Hachiro!" Sadahiko shouted towards the Kishin, hands still clasped. Soon the golden figure began moving forward, straight towards the Maju, knocking down trees and leaving large craters in the ground. The wings on its back began to open up, spreading out as if ready to take flight. As it did so it released a gust of wind that even blew more trees and earth away. However Sadahiko stayed where he was, feet firmly planted on top of the figure's head.

"Bring it on Sadahiko!" Hachiro roared back taking a stance on his summon. The Maju let out another ferocious roar before charging forward, all four arms raised and claws ready to rip apart its master's foes. The ground beneath its feet shook as earth was uplifted and trees were trampled. The two large combatants and their masters charged each other with great force matched by equal determination as both Sadahiko and Hachiro intended to end everything there and then.


(Present Time, Island of the War Gods)


Ino and Shizune were busy healing Shikamaru, Choji and Neji while surrounding them in a protective position were Iruka, Asuma, Shino and Hinata. When the group had been scattered Asuma had taken command of that group and decided that staying put was the better choice since most of them were too injured or incapacitated to move yet. Fortunately Shino's bugs and Hinata's Byakugan were very helpful in at least keeping them informed about the current circumstances of the rest of their comrades as well as that of the enemy.

"How's it going Shizune?" Asuma asked as he looked at the senior medic-nin.

"Well so far nothing permanent has been done to them." Shizune replied as she continued healing Choji while Ino was focused on Neji. "Shikamaru had the less serious injuries, apparently the electricity that Naruto-kun hit him with only knocked Shikamaru out and numbed him a bit. I've removed any numbness from his body but he'll still be out for a while." She explained as she looked at Choji. "Choji and Neji however have multiple cuts on their bodies from that wind technique. While nothing fatal a lot of their nerves have been cut meaning it would be impossible for them to move. Those techniques of Naruto-kun are very effective and if they had moved a second back too late then they would've been a lot worse off."

A few of the kikachu that Shino had sent earlier were now returning. As they landed on his hand Shino turned towards the others. "My comrades have informed me that the ones with Jiraiya-sama have engaged with Akatsuki whom were fighting with Naruto-san. However it appears that they are now moving towards the center of the island."

"Why would they be going there?" Ino asked.

"I don't know but apparently Naruto-san had retreated on a large fox summon and headed towards the center, followed by the others." Shino replied.

The sound of rustling leaves caught their attention and they got into battle stances. However the Konoha-nin quickly relaxed when Anko landed before them, carrying an unconscious Gai on her shoulders. "Anko-sensei! Gai-sensei!" Hinata exclaimed in surprise.

"What the hell happened to you guys?" Asuma asked as he walked over and help take Gai from Anko, whom was catching her breath since she was also a bit injured. Asuma placed Gai alongside Neji while Ino began running a diagnostic jutsu over the Taijutsu Master. Anko meanwhile sat down, leaning her back against a tree while Shizune looked over her.

"It was that green skin friend of the gaki's. He's a lot stronger then we led to believe and has an unusual body. He wasn't affected by my poison and even managed to get it out and his body is very stretchable. Also he managed to take on myself, Gai, mini-Gai and Pinky with ease without getting a scratch on him. Gai was knocked out and I got pretty banged up so the other two volunteer to distract him while I brought Gai here." Anko explained.

Asuma was about to ask her when something cut him off. Suddenly several crystals popped out of the ground around the group, instantly surrounding them and posed to pierce their flesh right away. While several of the Konoha shinobi were taken by surprise, Shizune, Hinata, Shino and Ino recognized the crystals, having once faced such things before three years ago. "T-this is…" Hinata stammered.

A figure jumped before them on top of a tree branch. It was a young woman that had fair skin, wearing red lipstick, had dark eyes and light blue hair that was kept in a spiky ponytail with the exception of long hair framing her face. The outfit she wore consisted of a green dress with a long left sleeve and a short right one, a red turtleneck that has a white, fluffy color and brown gloves. Under those she wore a one-piece red suit as well as calf-length brown sandal boots.

"Looks like someone did a number on you guys." Guren said mockingly.

"You're that Oto-Kunoichi from the Sanbi Mission four years ago!" Shizune announced as she stood in front of the wounded. "Why are you here?" She demanded before a terrifying thought entered her head. "Does this mean that Orochimaru is here?"

Guren shrugged. "Don't know, I'm no longer under that snake's rule anymore." She said, shocking the Konoha-nin. "However my new companion is someone whom you're after and I can't allow that. I owe him a great debt."

The Konoha-nin's eyes widened at that. Basically what Guren was saying was she was now with Naruto. But before they could think of their next two more objects crashed into the ground before them, creating a pair of man-size craters with dust flying into the air by the impact. A few seconds later the two objects revealed themselves to be Sakura and Lee, both bruised but still capable of moving as they got out of the craters.

"Damn that bastard can hit hard…" Sakura muttered as she rubbed her neck before placing her right hand on her right side, hands glowing green chakra. The impact had fractured a rib and the pink haired kunoichi was now healing it so she could get back into the fight.

As she did that a larger and muscular Yujin appeared, landing right beside Guren. The impact caused the ground to shake a bit and form a small crater underneath his feet. Guren raised an eyebrow at his form. "I'm surprise that these brats forced you to go into that form Yujin-san." The Crystal user commented.

Yujin's only response was to let out steam from his nose in annoyance. Guren just sweat dropped at that.
'Must've said the 'G' word.'
Guren thought.

"Anyway we need to leave and head towards the island's center." Yujin ordered as he returned into his original form. "It appears that your old boss has arrived on this island and is threatening to reach the seal, something we can't allow."

The Konoha shinobi's eyes widened at that. Orochimaru was here, on this island? "Damn this just made things complicated…" Asuma cursed.

With Guren, said person's eyes widened for a second before narrowing. "Got it, besides these guys won't be leaving any time soon with all the injured they have." She replied as she and Yujin took off.

The Konoha-nin just looked on, still taking in everything that has happened so far. Asuma was the first to react. "Snap out of it guys this is no time to be in a daze. Sakura tend to Lee and then help Ino and Shizune patch up the others. Shizune summon Kaguya-sama to let Hokage-sama know of what's happening." The Sarutobi ordered.

"What about the others? They need to know about this and that Orochimaru is here." Ino said to her sensei.

In response Asuma made a shadow clone. "My clone will go and warn the others about this. Anko you go too just in case so the others can get an idea about that Yujin guy's abilities. By the sound of it he's a tough one." He heard Anko mumble 'that's an understatement' before she took off with the clone. Asuma then looked at Shizune. "How long will it take Hokage-sama to get here?"

"Katsuya-sama is linked to all her parts so it shouldn't take more then a second." Shizune replied as she prepared to summon the slug. "And if she has the Hokage Guard Platoon at the ready she should arrive in here in just a few minutes."

"Okay do it." Asuma said as he looked at everyone else. "The moment that my clone finishes telling the others and Shizune sends the message, we're heading out as well to support the rest of the team!" Asuma ordered.


(Orochimaru's Group)


The group of four was walking casually through the large city, all of them staring at each structure in wonder, Orochimaru the most as he finally figured out how this city came to be.
'If my memory is correct then this entire city is in fact one whole jutsu, Sadahiko's Hijutsu: Kojo Kochiku (Secret Technique: Construct of the Ancient City).
" Orochimaru thought as he gazed at the black lines running across the ground and buildings.
'This jutsu is quite similar to the Shodaime Hokage's Jukai Kotan (Nativity of a World of Trees) technique but on a scale much greater then it. With this Sadahiko was able to change the battlefield and use the structures to his advantage to completely send his enemies in disarray. He even use this technique to single handily destroy an entire army. I should expect no less of a prodigy who became head of his clan at the age of fifteen. But judging from the formation of the buildings, and these markings…'


"Orochimaru-sama" Kabuto said, snapping the Snake Sannin from his thoughts. From the look in the second-in-command's eyes he was also thinking the same thing too. "The way this city is built, and how the seals on the buildings are absorbing Natural Energy constantly…"

"Yes" Orochimaru interrupted thoughtfully. "This place was set up to act as a barrier to keep something seal within. And since energy is still being absorbed, whatever that thing is, is still sealed here." The Snake Sannin said. "Perhaps it's in the center of the city."

"I really hate smart brats sometimes." A voice said from above in response to that.

Orochimaru and his group looked upwards to see Sadahiko diving towards them, his right fist surrounded by a sphere of golden chakra. The group had managed to jump out of the way just as the ancient Uzumaki's fist made contact with the ground, the chakra sphere dispersing and creating a decent size crater.

Kabuto quickly formed some hand seals. "Suiton: Mizurappa (Water Release: Violent Water Wave)!" And he fired a stream of powerful water towards Sadahiko. However the older male didn't bat an eyelash as he simply thrust his right arm forward, releasing a pulse of chakra into the air towards the oncoming stream of water. When they met the water was dispersed as the pulse of chakra rammed Kabuto, though it hit rubble instead thanks to the glasses wearing shinobi having performed kawarimi to avoid the hit. Kabuto reappeared alongside his master with Jugo and Karin joining him.

Orochimaru was, for the first time, quite shocked to see a legend such as Sadahiko Uzumaki standing before him alive and well. However he quickly regained his composure before smirking. "Well this is quite a surprise. To think that the fame Akagami (Red God) was still alive, let alone able to move so easily." The Snake Sannin said in his usual arrogant tone.

Sadahiko just stared at them, taking note of Karin's red hair before commenting. "Not really, I think I've gotten a bit slow over the past few years. I was a lot faster in my youth." He said as he flexed his fingers.

'
He was able to get close to me before I could sense him and he's not in his prime anymore either.'
Orochimaru thought as he heard those words.
'And his chakra levels are higher then Sarutobi when he was still young. I wanted to use my trump card against the Akatsuki members here and the Kyuubi brat. But I might have to use it earlier then I expected.'


Still calm Orochimaru stared back at Sadahiko. "I must question as to why you're here Sadahiko? Despite the fact that this island was form from your battle with Hachiro Kishin I don't see any logic of living here…or the point of this city for that matter and why it's kept in such good shape." Then the Sannin had a smirk form on his lips. "Could it be perhaps that you're trying to keep something bound here or maybe
someone
?"

Sadahiko's eyes narrowed as he walked out of the crater he made. He kept his gaze as he kept speaking, anticipating Sadahiko to get riled up by his next few words. "Could it be that at the very center of this city is a seal of some sort? A seal that contains Hachiro Kishin?" Orochimaru asked.

That seemed to have done it. For the moment that those two words left Orochimaru's lips Sadahiko was upon him another chakra enhanced fist already lunging forward. It smashed right into Orochimaru's face before sending the Snake Sannin flying backwards several blocks. The man's flight finally ended when he crashed into a building and was unmoving. "I really do hate smart aleck brats sometimes." Sadahiko repeated.

The other three of Orochimaru's group were stunned for a few seconds, trying to absorb at what had just transpired. Kabuto was the first to recover, activating his chakra scalpels and charging towards Sadahiko. Jugo quickly joined him; his right arm became larger and more demonic while also turning into a grayish color. However before either could even touch him, Sadahiko released a burst of chakra from his entire body, causing a shockwave that formed another crater underneath him while sending anything around him flying backwards, including Kabuto and Jugo.

Karin, whom had sensed the change in flow of Sadahiko's chakra, was more fortunate. Having chose not to attack she managed to jump back just as the elder Uzumaki created the shockwave. She still got hit by it but took less damage then her two companions and was able to land feet first afterwards. She looked on in shock as the older man had sent both Jugo and Kabuto flying with just his chakra alone. And then there was Orochimaru…

Karin's musings were cut off when Sadahiko suddenly appeared before her. She had zero time to react when the elder Uzumaki tapped her gently on her neck, causing Karin's world to go black. "Don't worry." Sadahiko said softly as he caught the unconscious Karin with his arms. "I will not harm my own kin. But you…" He continued as he turned around, looking at an empty street. "How long are you going to play dead using that Doton Kage Bunshin (Earth Release Shadow Clone)?" Sadahiko asked.

Phasing out of the ground before him was Orochimaru, unhurt minus a small bruise on his cheek. Courtesy of Sadahiko whom had managed to hit the Snake Sannin just as said man managed to switch himself with a clone. "Kuku I guess that spoils any ideas of a surprise attack." Orochimaru mused.

Suddenly the ground nearby began to crack and a giant snake popped out of the ground. It towered over Sadahiko as it opened its mouth, preparing to devour the elder Uzumaki. However before it could even get close a large white seven-tailed fox pounced on the snake, sinking its teeth into the snake's body. The snake didn't stand a chance as Katsumi easily tore through it with her claws and teeth before tossing its corpse to the side just as it disappeared in a poof of smoke. Naruto quickly jumped off of Katsumi, landing beside Sadahiko as the younger Uzumaki glared at Orochimaru who had just been joined by Kabuto and Jugo.

"You let four of them in you brat." Sadahiko mumbled to Naruto.

"My bad, my bad" Naruto replied with a groan. "I was preoccupied by some of the other invaders. Besides I didn't think anyone would get here so quickly." That's when Naruto noticed the unconscious Karin on the ground behind them. "Whose that?"

"Don't know but she's definitely Uzumaki." Sadahiko replied. "Have a clone take her back to where Kiko-chan is so we can finish things here."

"Got it" Naruto replied as he quickly made a shadow clone. The clone picked up Karin and using Mikado, teleported away from the battlefield while the original and Sadahiko faced off against Orochimaru with Katsumi standing behind them. However before they could even get started most of the members of the Konoha group as well as the Akatsuki group arrived. However it appeared that Sasuke and Itachi were absent. "Oh great now more of them got inside the barrier! Nice work you brat!" Sadahiko yelled at his great grandson.

"I said I was sorry damn it!" Naruto shouted back.

Meanwhile the newcomers took in what they saw. While most of them, the younger Konoha shinobi to be precise, were surprised to see Orochimaru here, everyone's focus was on the older redhead standing beside Naruto. Some were confused, wondering who he was, while a few, mainly Jiraiya, Pain, Konan and Tobi, were shocked and a bit worried.

"No way is that…?" Jiraiya murmured in astonishment.

"Huh you know this guy Jiraiya-sama?" Tenten asked.

"Not personally, he's the one I told you about. Sadahiko Uzumaki, the strongest Uzumaki in history and the first person to bear the Onmyoton Kekkei Genkai." Jiraiya revealed.

"What!?" Kiba yelled out in shock, a feeling shared by the others. "As in the guy who made this place? How the hell is he still alive, he should be over a hundred years old by now!"

'
So that is mother's father, my grandfather.'
Nagato commented in his head as he looked at Sadahiko through the eyes of his Deva Path.

Tobi was likewise shock as he stared at the living legend. He knew that if Sadahiko got involved then this would put a serious dent in his plans.
'Still there might be a chance we can take him out or better yet grab the jinchuuriki before Sadahiko realizes it.'
Tobi thought.

"So what do we do now?" Naruto asked out loud while looking at Sadahiko. "We got the snake with two of his goons, at least five of those Akatsuki bastards and all those from Konoha. How should we go with this hijiji?"

"Isn't it obvious." Sadahiko replied, cracking his knuckles. "We do this the good old Uzumaki way: Kick their ass." He finished as he flared his chakra, creating a gust of wind that hit everyone in the face.

Feeling the wave of chakra Orochimaru acted quickly, clapping his hands together. "Kuchiyose no Jutsu: Edo Tensei! (Summoning Technique: Impure World Resurrection)" And was followed by five coffins popping out of the ground in front of the Snake Sannin.

"That technique!" Kakashi exclaimed as he saw the coffins.

"Wait! Orochimaru's hands should be sealed by Sarutobi-sensei! How the hell can he use them?" Jiraiya said.

"He must have used the mask from the old Uzumaki Temple." Sadahiko muttered when he saw this.

"Maybe I should've taken it with me…" Naruto mumbled to himself as the coffin lids began to slowly open.

"No helping it now at least we won't be the only people who have to deal with them." Sadahiko said as he gripped his staff. "Be ready"

The lids fell on the ground, revealing the contents of the coffins. Walking out of the first four in order were the Yondaime Hokage, Minato Namikaze, the Sandaime Hokage, Hiruzen Sarutobi, the Nidaime Hokage, Tobirama Senju and the Shodaime Hokage, Hashirama Senju. And from the fifth content was…

"Madara Uchiha!" Konan exclaimed in shock when she saw the reincarnated legendary Uchiha figure. She spun around to face Tobi but saw that the mask Akatsuki member had vanished. "What the hell is going on?" Konan muttered.

"
Madara!"
Kurama roared at seeing the Uchiha that controlled him all those years ago. Naruto could feel the bijuu's rage for Madara but kept his composure.

"God damn him!" Jiraiya cursed his old teammate upon seeing Orochimaru revive Hiruzen and Minato, his mentor and student respectively. The Toad Sage knew that if Tsunade were here then she would've most likely murder the Snake Sannin for bringing back her relatives too. But what really made Jiraiya nervous was that Madara was one of the five to be resurrected. But how was that possible? Jiraiya was sure that the one responsible for the Kyuubi Attack nineteen years ago was Madara Uchiha. So if the real Madara had been dead all this time, then who was responsible for it? Despite all the questions running through his head Jiraiya knew he had to stay focus at the task of hand.

Back with resurrected dead, said people were starting to notice their surroundings, plus the fact that they were amongst the living. "Huh where are we?" Hashirama asked out loud.

"It seems that we've been revived through the use of Edo Tensei." His brother Tobirama muttered as he crossed his arms, a habit he developed at a young age.

"But how can this be? Our souls were trapped in the Shinigami's stomach, meaning no one could gain access to our souls." Hiruzen said before noticing his deceased successor. "Minato!" The Third exclaimed.

"Hiruzen it's been a while." Minato said to his predecessor. "As for your question, my guess is that someone broke the seal for the Shiki Fujin (Dead Demon Consuming Seal)."

"Oh it's Saru!" Hashirama exclaimed when he saw the Sandaime Hokage. "It's been a while Saru…eh, whose this?" The Shodaime asked upon seeing Minato. Tobirama was also curious but merely raised an eyebrow.

"Oh me? I'm the Yondaime Hokage, Minato Namikaze." Minato introduced himself.

"Wow, really!?" Hashirama said with excitement. "So the village has been doing well then huh?"

"Tch, you haven't change at all Hashirama." A fifth voice said from the Shodaime's right. Turning around the four past Hokages saw that it was Madara who spoke. "Can't you tell that this man is dead like the rest of us?"

"Madara!" Tobirama exclaimed in shock as he, Hiruzen and Minato took up fighting stances. Only Hashirama remained unfazed and relaxed at the sight of his old rival.

"Kukuku, as interesting as this is I did not summon you five to merely converse amongst yourselves." Orochimaru said, catching the five figures' attention.

"Orochimaru!" Hiruzen shouted at the sight of his former pupil.

"The brat who summoned us the first time around huh?" Tobirama said as he narrowed his eyes at the Snake Sannin.

"I sealed your hands into the Shinigami, denying you to ever use them for jutsus! How did you regain them?" Hiruzen demanded when he saw Orochimaru's now perfectly healthy hands.

"Most likely he used the Shinigami Mask to invoke the Shiki Fujin: Kai (Dead Demon Consuming Seal: Release) to free your souls and his hands from the Shinigami's stomach." Sadahiko said, finally speaking.

At that everyone's eyes turned towards the elder Uzumaki. The Hokages and Madara being surprised of seeing the most powerful Uzumaki alive before them. The redhead had a look of aggravation on his face due to so many people coming to his island uninvited. "Sadahiko-sensei!?" Hashirama said in shock at the sight of his former mentor and brother-in-law.

"Just what the hell is going on here?" Tobirama said as he tried to figure out why Sadahiko was here and still alive.

"That's Sadahiko-sama?" Hiruzen asked as he recalled only seeing the Uzumaki when he was younger. However even back then it was very rare as Sadahiko barely visited unless it was to see his sister.

"So he really was alive all this time." Madara muttered as he gazed at the redhead. In his mind he was also wondering why he was revived in this state, trying to locate Obito or Zetsu. But Orochimaru's seal over him made it difficult to do so.

'
That's Kushina-chan's grandfather!'
Minato said in his head as he recalled the stories his wife had told him about Sadahiko. It was then he noticed the younger redhead man beside Sadahiko. It took the Yondaime a good two minutes but he eventually put it together. "N-Naruto!" Minato yelled in shock of his son, at both how much he had grown and his new appearance. It was then he noticed the people of Akatsuki and Konoha, including his sensei, Jiraiya.

"Naruto-kun?" Hiruzen said when he looked at the young Uzumaki. Sure enough it really was his surrogate grandson, though older now and a new hair color. "What on earth is going on here?" He asked as he saw the gathered people.

"Hello Namikaze, hello Sarutobi. You two are looking good for dead people." Naruto said emotionlessly.

Ignoring the tone Naruto gave him, Minato focused on Naruto's appearance. "Why is your hair red?" Minato asked since it looked similar to Kushina's hair color.

Naruto rolled his eyes in annoyance. "Well I figure it would be a good way to honor my clan, my mother's clan. That and not only would it get rid of the last thing that resembles me to you, but also so that way Konoha wouldn't be able to find me. It worked for the past six years but not anymore." He said in aggravation.

That confused all four Hokages and piqued Madara's interest as he could tell that this boy was the Kyuubi Jinchuuriki. "Boy what do you mean to hide from Konoha? Are you not the village's jinchuuriki?" Tobirama asked.

His answer was the top part of his body being blown off from a blast of chakra, done by Sadahiko. Everyone watched in shock at the action. While Tobirama's body reformed, the elder Uzumaki said, "What he means idiot, is that along with making my great-grandson's life miserable for the first thirteen years of his life, they banished him six years ago just because he was merely doing his fucking duty!" Then he glared at Minato and Hiruzen. "Oh and great job you two! For announcing his status to the public just after so many lives were lost, along with choosing the worthless toad over there as a godfather. Bravo, you guys really are the Four Daibaka (Great Fools)!" Sadahiko exclaimed as he pointed at a meek Jiraiya.

"What do you mean by that Sadahiko-dono?" Hiruzen asked, puzzled as to why all four of them were being insulted. Everyone else had gone silent. They were listening to the conversation between these powerful figures with slight interest.

"Isn't it obvious? Each one of you screwed up so bad that it affected the entire world and you lot don't even see it!" Sadahiko replied.

"What? But Sadahiko-sensei-" Hashirama tried to say but was cut off.

"Be quiet little sapling." Sadahiko said swiftly.

"OH MY GOD!" Hashirama cried out in despair before getting on his hands and knees with a depressed aura hanging over him, his entire body turning pale white. Everyone minus Tobriama, Madara, Sadahiko and Naruto sweat dropped at this.

'
To think he would openly speak out against Sadahiko-dono…'
Tobirama thought as he looked at the depress form of his older brother.
'Aniki you were careless…'


With that done Sadahiko pointed towards at Minato. "You are by far the worse, second only to Hashirama! You sealed the Kyuubi into your own son! And left him with no one to care for him, except for that worthless Toad Sage whom seemed more focus on his stupid third-rate porno books and that idiot former teammate of his. You also had the idiocy to wish for that dumb village to know of your son's status just after so many lives were lost! I know I'm not the best when it comes to family but I think I did hell of a lot better then you did!"

Before Minato could reply Sadahiko turned his attention towards Hiruzen. "You monkey boy are even worse! You went along with your idiot successor's wish and practically made Naruto hated by the entire village. And don't even make me list off all your other failures!" Hiruzen lowered his head in disgrace, knowing the truth of Sadahiko's words.

"And you're the primary reason why things are such as mess Tobirama!" Sadahiko shouted at the Nidaime Hokage, said man finally finished reforming. "You practically announced the Uchiha clan as untrustworthy to the entire world and because of that they finally snapped and were wiped out, just because of Konoha higher up's fears!"

"What…?" Tobirama muttered but Sadahiko finally turned his glare towards Hashirama and that's when the killing intent began to leak out. "And you…you're the worse out of all them! I told you to bind the Kyuubi long enough to transport him and the other bijuu where they wouldn't cause any harms to humans and vice versa. But not only did you not listen to me but you also sealed him into Mito-neechan! Your own wife and my sister!"

"I had no say in that Sadahiko-sensei! Mito-chan did that of her own accord!" Hashirama shouted. "And I couldn't follow your idea! The bijuu were too dangerous to be let loose, too much of a threat to the villages! They would've killed us all if left alone!"

"And we would've deserved it!" Sadahiko shouted back, surprising everyone minus Naruto. "People's chakras are affected by our emotions you damn idiot. The darker the emotion the darker the chakra and the bijuu are no different. After a thousand years of being feared, hated, hunted by humans simply because of their appearance, it was only natural that they would hold such hatred towards us! And you also had the nerve to capture them like pets and hand them out to the other villages like slaves, you damn hypocrite! At least Madara is honest enough to admit what he truly thinks unlike you Hashirama, who hides behind fucking lies of nobility and just cause! I no longer see you as my family!" Sadahiko yelled, releasing a powerful gust of chakra that nearly blew everyone away.

There was a moment of silence after that, everyone taking it all in. Sadahiko had let out a loud and emotional rant that left the accused rather too stunned to speak. Orochimaru was taking this all in with great interest, never did he expect for Sadahiko to hold the Hokages in such contempt, and judging by Naruto's facial appearance, he felt the same way.

The Hokages all seemed to have looks of shame and disappointment in themselves, letting Sadahiko's words finally dig in. Hashirama felt the worse. To be denounced by someone whom you admired was worse then any physical pain there was. Hell even Madara couldn't help but pity the four despite their differences.

After a few moments of silence a grief stricken Minato raised his head and looked at his son. Naruto had nothing in contempt in his eyes for the Yondaime Hokage. "Son I'm-" Minato tried to say but was cut off.

"Save it Namikaze" Naruto said, saying the last word like something disgusting, making Minato flinched at the tone. "I have nothing to say to you. Like Sadahiko-hijiji I don't recognize you as family, just a bastard who supplied the sperm. Hell you couldn't provide me a decent adult to look after me, just that perverted toad of a sensei of yours, who was more interested in his worthless smut and that snake of a former teammate of his. My only parent is my mother, and my only family is my clan, not you. Words are no longer necessary."

Minato lowered his head again in shame at his son's words. He truly was a pathetic excuse for a father and nothing he said would change that. Hell he was pretty sure that if Kushina were here, she would beat the living crap out of him along with Jiraiya, Kakashi and anyone else who caused Naruto pain.

"I agree with you there, Naruto." Sadahiko said as he raised his staff. "The time for talk…is over." And then the staff shed itself and revealed a katana. The katana had a black and white striped handle with a round golden tsuba and grey sheath and red dots on it.

The four past Hokages and Madara's eyes widened when they recognized the sword. Almost immediately Madara activated his complete Susanoo, including the lower part and legs and charged towards Sadahiko. "Madara!" Hashirama yelled out.

However before the Uchiha could reach Sadahiko a red blade struck his Susanoo right in the center. Despite the difference in size the blade's tip was able to completely crack through the ethereal construct and hit Madara right in the chest, sending him flying back. Everyone followed the blade's direction and saw that it came from Naruto's sword.

"The Sekirei?" Tobirama said, recognizing the legendary sword.

"That's amazing!" Tenten said as she stared at the blade in awe. Some of the Konoha shinobi sweat dropped at her admiration at a bad timing.

"That's not the only sword you should be concern about." Sadahiko said as he gripped his sword's handle. As he did an incredible force of chakra began to pour out from the sword, hitting the area in waves and nearly suffocated the others.

"What…is this?" Kakashi muttered as he felt the chakra literally hitting his body. It was like nothing he ever felt before.

"Madara was right to try and attack Sadahiko straight away." Tobirama commented as he looked in between from the crater Madara's body had formed and back to the sword in Sadahiko's hands. "That's the first weapon forged from chakra metal. A sword that summons forth the very force of nature and can manipulate all five main chakra natures, it was the weapon wielded by Hamura Ostustuki, the brother of the Rikudou Sennin."

Finally Sadahiko had fully pulled out the sword from its sheath. Its blade was pure silver, as if the blood of war never tainted it. Suddenly silver-colored chakra began to pour out from the blade before shifting from red, green, yellow, brown, blue and back to red before doing the whole cycle again. Sadahiko swung the sword around in a circular motion and as he did so the area around him was affected. The ground beneath him and Naruto began to shake as earth was uplifted, flames spewed forth covering everything around it, excluding the people, small rain showers poured over the area, lightning began sparkle from the blade and strike random places in the ground and small windstorms radiated off from the sword. Everyone minus Naruto and Sadahiko were taken aback by the sword's power while some managed to hide theirs with stoic facial looks. It was as if the forces of nature had been called by the blade and were heeding it.

"Forces of Nature come to me and raze all obstacles to nothingness." Sadahiko murmured as he pointed the sword forward. "Reijin Jinryu! (Spirit Blade Divine Flow)"


And there is chapter 6! Make sure to leave a review! I wanted to add more but I felt like posting this chapter up soon so I thought this would be a good stopping point. Anyway don't forget to check out my challenges on my profile!



Write Wacko!



Wacko12


>