

That was how Riven found himself doing the unthinkable. Most boys he knew would kill to be in his position; most teenage boys would be doing the complete opposite to him.

He was trying to stop his overly horny girlfriend from tearing his clothes off.

"Musa" he breathed, his voice deeper due to the lust surging though his body "stop trying to touch my pants I am not going to fuck you, I want to, but I can't" he sighed a slightly tortured tone colouring his words as he felt his pants slowly tighten before him.

"And why is that? I promise you I can have you in ecstasy" she purred pressing her lithe body against him and bringing his hand to the swell of her breast bringing a tortured groan from her boyfriend's chest.

"God give me strength" he whispered eyeing the smirk that unfurled on his girlfriend's face before steeling himself for his hardest battle yet.

Meanwhile Helia was gingerly stroking his girlfriend's hair trying desperately to coax a response from her but alas she was as silent as the plants she controlled when the frost smothered them.

"Flora…" he gingerly spoke while shaking her slightly only to wince as she rolled over grumbling unintelligibly under her breathe.

"Come one let's go for a walk in the garden, there's a flower I've been dying to sketch" he enticed her his voice taking on a desperate tilt to it as he grappled with his uncooperative girlfriend.

His only response was her snuggling deeper into the blankets, turning her back to him and in turn the hope that was daring to rise in his chest.

"This will be a long week" he sighed before hanging his head in his hands.

Brandon was having flashbacks. Not ones that would normally come in response to looking at his gorgeous and drool worthy girlfriend but ones that belonged in I don't know… situations when dealing with a rapid beast.

He couldn't help himself. The stirring of revulsion as she shovelled the food in her mouth coating her lips like she would her favourite lip gloss. The slight sickness in his gut as food snuggled into the matted tendril of hair that was starting to change colour with the food she was wolfing down with a gusto that both sickened and begrudgingly impressed him.

Reaching out he let out an extremely unmanly yelp as she hit his hand and made an animalist sound as she thought her food would be taken away from her. It was those soul destroying eyes that informed him of his biggest fear.

This would be his hardest. and most stomach churning challenge yet.

"Come on Bloom I promise you are hotter than her" sky signed for the umpteenth time, humouring his irate girlfriend's questions as she glared at Musa who was in her opinion being too well received by the magenta haired man, one of whom he wouldn't mind getting her claws into.

"I am hot but not as hot as
her
" she huffed indignity crossing her arms over her chest and looking away from the scene before her.

Sighing sky tried to get the patience to deal with her and this sudden wall of jealousy that she seemingly ran into.

Looking at his friends he sighed and thought


Hope you guys are having more luck than I am
before return the trying to quell the flames of jealousy that would burn him if he didn't tread carefully.

"I won this won for being the best surfer and this one for being the best player on my water polo team and this one... ooh you I bet you I could beat you in a swimming race, your arms are all noodle like and on one's bests Layla!" the coffee haired girl began bragging to Tecna before turning her attention to the coffee haired man approaching her.

"You are an excellent swimmer" he cautiously said wanting to approach the conversation with caution but was not expecting her to puff up her chest and smile with pride.

"I don't know how you know that, ooh you must be a fan! But yes of course I am, look at these muscles I practically am a fish" she shouted turning away from him and back to the more captive audience in tecna who was busy grinning and rubbing her hands as the thought of ways to scheme and get those shiny medals for herself.

"Hey Tec" Timmy started only to be shushed so she could return to the pretty shinny things the other girl had and she desperately wanted.

Every time Timmy tried to talk he was shushed while every time Nabu talked Layla turned into into reason why she was superior.

Looking at each other in exasperation both men silently wondered why on earth they got involved with these girls

Collapsing with exhaustion only groans could be heard throughout the room. Sitting up Riven glared at the other men who all looked about as angry, pained, confused and just ugh as he felt.

"no man should ever be put in that position" he grumbled reminiscing on every move and curve of Musa's body.

"Every time I said no she got angry. I have bruises! And scratch marks!" he yelled indignity showing his friends the aforementioned injuries.

"Same bro. Stella went ballistic every time I tried to take her food off her. Damn that girl can eat!" Brandon sighed leaning back and collapsing on Sky who shared the couch with him.

"I. Cannot. Deal. With. Jealousy" Sky ground out from clenched teeth. His knuckles going white as anger surged through him.

Nabu and Timmy added their own thoughts to their situation before all 6 boys signed in mutual pain before sitting up and looking at each other.

"This isn't working. Rivens balls are going to explode from the blue balls Musa is giving him, Brandon's going to be sick, Sky is going to want to punch Bloom soon, Helia's going to burn a hole in our carpet and Timmy's brain is going to explode. We need a change of plan" Nabu yelled punctuated by throwing his hands in the air and screaming.

Looking around at each other all the boys shrugged before Timmy meekly put his hand up and adjusted his glasses as Riven glared at him crossly.

"I have an idea. What if we swap girls? That way we won't have the conflict of interest and can focus on helping them" he suggested meeting silence bore all the boys nodded.

"So… who's taking who?".

Moments later each boy were sweating and holding the piece of paper that would determine their destiny… or at least who they were babysitting.

"all at once? 1,2,3 open!" Sky shouted as all of them opened their slips.

"so who got who? I have Tecna" he said looking at each boy.

"ugh flame brain" Riven sighed getting an angry glare and an indignant thats my girl you are talking about from her over protective and pansy boyfriend…at least he was in Rivens opinion.

"Layla" Helia said shrugging and sitting down.

"flora" Nabu said also sitting back down in the circle the boys had created.

"Stella" Timmy said sighing with relief that the only other option wasn't written on his page. He was intimidating by the blue haired fair on a good day. In her current state? God only knows how he would deal with that.

"you touch her… I'll cut off whatever you touch her with" Riven ground out at the slightly smirking specialist before it was whipped off by his words.

"So it's settled, we have our assignments and tomorrow we begin. Boys I suggest you get your sleep tomorrow will be a wild ride" Brandon said standing up to go to bed.

"How about we all talk to each other and find out each girl's favourite place and we take them there. They don't remember us but maybe they will remember the place" Timmy said also standing up d they boys all agreed.

"Hey Brandon? Riven said making the specialist look at him with curiosity.

"I'm watching you" and with that the boys all went to bed, mentally steeling themselves for the day ahead.


Hey all! I am soooo sorry I forgot about this story this year has been hectic. I moved cities and started uni so was swamped! I am to finish the story these holidays though.



Hope you all like this chapter, I was aiming for comedy and hope I succeeded and the pairings are due to some foreshadowing and also I think it will be fucking hilarious to see Timmy deal with Stella. Riven Bloom and Brandon Musa. Stay tuned for an update next week sometime.



Thanks for reading



Shadows


>