


Author's notes: This is the last chapter, thank you to everyone who had followed along and especially to those who've taken the time to let me know their thoughts. it's always great to hear from you and they make my day and encourage me along. I will be going back to Nick and Jenny so watch this space.


As Nick makes his way to the passenger side of the car, he spots Violet with her face pressed against the window. She's grown since he last saw her but he can tell it's the cute kid who he saved from a life of hotel rooms and hours spent in closets and within easy grasp of a pedeophile ring. An involuntary shudder runs through his body as he thinks what Violet could be doing now, a buried memory threatens to surface of when he had to play 'Watcher', he refuses to let it play out in front of him. It took a long time to stop the images forcing their way before his eyes but he was finally successful and he's not willing to let them reign once more.

He waves at her and she returns it excitedly and then her face disappears. Nick opens the car door for Laurie and the front door opens as they're making their way up the path. A tornado shoots through the door and barrels herself into Nick, her arms around his waist, squeezing him tight. Nick is brought to a standstill and he pats the girls head.

"Hi Violet."

"Nick I'm so pleased you're not dead. I was so scared, that bad man hurt you."

Nick gently helps her to relinquish her hold of him so he can see her face."

"He did hurt me Violet but look, I'm fine now, nothing too serious."

Violet looks up at him her bright eyes shadowed with concern.

"Are you sure?"

"Yes I'm fine, the doctor even said so."

"Good."

Nick nods his head in agreement.

"Yes good."

A woman appears at the doorway, she looks a little older than Nick, she's dressed in blue jeans and a pale yellow shirt with buttons down the front. Her brown hair is tied back in a pony tail. She's not wearing make up and looks a little tired but her face brightens and takes on a new level of prettiness when she smiles.

"Good morning, Laurie, and you must be the long anticipated Nick Fallin. Violet let Mr. Fallin up the path."

Violet moves to the left side of Nick taking his hand. Nick moves towards the door and holds out his hand.

"It's a pleasure to meet you, and please call me Nick."

"Okay Nick it is."

She stands aside and indicates for them to enter.

"Please come in and sit down, I have some refreshments in the kitchen."

She's just a couple of inches shorter than Nick.

"That's very kind of you, but you don't need to bother Mrs...?"

"Please, just call me Alice, and it's no bother. Violet helped me with them.

She waits for them to be seated before heading towards the kitchen. She speaks to Violet.

"Take care of our guests Violet, while I get the tray."

Alice turns to Nick.

"Violets been busy drawing pictures for you. She loves to draw."

Violet goes over to the cupboards in the corner and grabs a handful of paper. She brings them to Nick and hands them to him with a shy smile."

Nick takes a good look at each one. He asks Violet questions and when Alice comes back Violet's standing by his knee explaining her drawings to him. Nick's listening intently and giving appreciative noises.

"Come help me Violet."

Alice hands round the drinks while Violet takes around a plate of cupcakes, everybody takes one. She grabs her own and sits down on the floor next to Nick, Alice hands her a glass of milk.

"You certainly have a fan Mr. Fal...I'm mean Nick. When we first got her she talked about you all the time, but then as she got older it was less often but when she learned we were coming back to Pittsburgh, she was so excited at the prospect that she could see you again. I told her that you would be very busy, and I'm sure that's true so it's very nice of you to take the time to visit."

During Alice's speech Violet looked up at Nick with an embarrassed look on her face, Nick smiled at her reassuringly.

"I've never forgotten Violet either and it's a pleasure to come visit and see her doing so well."

Nick takes a bite of his cupcake and looks at Violet.

"These cupcakes are delicious, did your mom say you helped make them Violet?"

Violet nods her head, a flush of pride seeping in to her face.

"Nick still has that drawing you did of him on his office wall."

Violet looks at Laurie and then up at Nick, her eyes wide.

"You do?"

Laurie smiles when she sees a slight blush cross Nick's face. He shifts in his chair.

"Yes I do, it reminds me of why I go to work everyday"

"I'm a better drawer now"

"Yes I can see that. Thank you for your get well card, it meant a lot that you were thinking of me."

Violet beams with pleasure and goes over to her drawings on top of the cupboard.

"You can have one of these Nick instead, they're better."

"Are you sure?"

Violet nods her head.

"You choose because I couldn't possibly choose which one."

Violet looks through them thoughtfully and finally hands one to Nick.

"This one."

"Thank you Violet, but I hope you don't mind if I keep the other one on my wall as well?"

Violet shakes her head vigorously.

"Would you like to see my room?"

Nick looks at Violets hopeful face. He looks to Alice questioningly who gives him a nod.

"Okay, sure."

Violet takes his hand as he gets out of the chair and leads him down the hall to her room.

"It's bigger than my room in the old house. I have a new bed and cupboards, I got to pick them and the colours of my bedroom."

"Let me guess - Green."

"Yes. How did you know?"

Violet opens the door to her room and runs and sits on the bed. Nick stands in the doorway.

"You told me once."

His eyes scan the room.

"This is a lovely room. You must be very happy here."

Nick watches Violet closely as this is one of the reasons he's here, to make sure that Violet's happy. From Laurie's reports, she seems to be in a wonderful placement but he's learned that the way things seem and the way they are can be totally different. Violets eyes are shining as she nods her head and he knows he's no reason to worry. She gets down from the bed and walks over to a desk that sits under the window. She waves Nick over.

"Is this where you do all your drawings?"

"Will you draw a picture for me, so I can have it on my wall?"

Nick points to himself in surprise.

"Me! I'm not very good at drawing, you're much better than me."

The look Violet gives him takes him back to when he told her that Violet was his favourite colour and he knows what's coming next.

"Shut up."

Nick breaks in to a smile. Violet pulls out her chair for him. Nick sighs knowing he has no other choice. Violet puts a sheet of paper in front of him and points to her crayons already on the desk. Nick places his hands on his knees, he looks at the paper and then at Violet and shrugs.

"I don't know what to draw?"

"Me silly."

Nick raises his eyebrows in resignation.

"Okay"

Nick sets to work, hoping that his efforts will be good enough. He needn't have worried. When he holds up his finished drawing, Violet beams and taking it out of his hand she rushes out of the bedroom and races down the hall. Nick follows and hears her say.

"Nick drew a picture of me, can I have it on my wall?"

As Nick arrives back in the room, Violet is showing Laurie.

"That's lovely."

Laurie looks up at Nick her eyes laughing.

"Very good Nick, You have hidden skills."

Nick shrugs at her.

"|t's time for us to go."

Violet turns at his words.

"You have to?"

Alice interject.

"Violet, let Nick go, you knew he could only stop a short time and it's already been longer than that."

Violet looks despondantly. Nick goes over to her and crouches to her level.

"Tell you what Violet, when I get back to work, and you're down town, pop in and see me, and you can see how your picture looks on my wall."

Violets face brightens and she turns to Alice.

"Can we?"

Alice nods. Nick stands up.

"Just call me first to make sure I'm in the office."

Violet takes his hands and walks with him to the car. He crouches down once more.

"Thank you for the lovely cupcakes Violet and the picture."

Nick's taken by surprise when Violet throws her arms around his neck and gives him a hug.

"Bye Nick."

"Bye Violet."

When Violet lets go, Nick stands up and goes to the drivers side of the car and gets in. He waves to Violet before setting off and he can see through the rear view mirror Violet waving to him until she vanishes from his sight as he turns the corner.

>