


Disclaimer: Yeah, I wish. Sadly I don't own Intelligence *stalks off and sulks in corner*



A/N: This is probably out of character, one episode isn't a lot to go on. I have loved this show ever since the promo so I can't not write Fanfiction about it.



Distractions


They were sitting across from one another in a booth tucked away in the corner. Riley had long ago forgotten the name of the small boxy diner they were in, not that she ever really planned on coming back. It was a typical design nothing real special about it. With is black and white checked floor and blue laminate tables it was a far cry from some of the places she had been to while on a protection detail but then again it could always be a lot worse. Choosing not to give into that particular train of thought she willed herself to focus on a stain on the window. The seats were a deep red colour and fairly comfy but they squeaked every time she moved so she sat as still as possible, not wanting to make a fool out of herself in front of Gabriel.

Speaking of Gabriel he had been gazing out the window for the past ten minutes presumably lost in thought. Or rendering something with that super-techno chip of his, sometimes she couldn't tell the difference. Either way she didn't have the heart to interrupt him so she went to her usual pastime, going over every entrance and exit in the place, a habit she had picked up somewhere along the way. It served to keep her occupied until the waiter arrived with their food: a salad for her and a hamburger for Gabriel, which the waiter presented to him with a flirtatious look. That was something she had gotten used to pretty quickly with Gabriel: woman noticed him. He had never been anything but polite with them and given what happened with his wife she couldn't blame him. She must have been quiet for too long because Gabriel spoke up over a mouthful of burger.

"Penny for your thoughts?" he said.

"I think they're at least worth a couple dollars" she replied, finally taking a bite of her salad. He smirked at her and shook his head.

"You know something I don't?"

"Maybe" she replied, her voice taking on a teasing edge as she returned his smirk with one of her own. The banter was starting to become familiar to the pair despite the relatively short amount of time they had known each other.

"Why Agent O'Neil are you playing me?"

"Perhaps"

They shared a smile before continuing their meal in comfortable silence. The minute Gabriel was finished the waitress descended with yet another flirtatious look and Riley had to force back an eye roll. Despite the obvious fact that she was far too old for him she couldn't seem to take a hint. He was studying her intently though and she was willing to bet that he was doing his whole computer analysis thing on her, something that managed to be cool and at the same time somewhat creepy. The waitress, Sophie according to her name tag mistook this for a look of flattery and fluttered her eyelashes at him. She held back a laugh when he rolled his eyes, sending her a half amused and half annoyed look before turning back to the waiter and asking for the check. She held her breath for the inevitable fight over who was going to pay but to her utter surprise he merely reached for his wallet. The surprise must have shown on her face because he smiled his charm smile at her, saying "Call this a down payment."

A laugh bubbled in her chest as she shook her head at him, smiling. He gave the money to the waitress who, unbelievably still hadn't given up, taking the money from him in a way that caused their fingers to brush. Riley was caught completely off guard when a hint of jealousy filled her chest and she was still processing this as he got up and, pausing next to her just long enough to say "You're leaving the tip though" and then he was out the door. She shook the thought from her head, tossing a small amount of money on the table before hurrying after him. No matter what he would always be a pain in the ass and somehow she didn't mind it too much.


A/N: I haven't made up my mind yet whether there is anything between Gabriel and Riley, it's a bit too early to tell but personally I would like it if there was, I just like shows like that so I hope you don't mind the hint of romance in this.


>