

==
This is my first ever fanfiction. It is a HiJack crossover, any comments and questions you have I will be glad to answer them! Please bear with me though, since this is my first attempt at something like this! Thanks!
==

Chapter 1

It was too cold to be doing this. Toothless had better appreciate the gift. Hiccup winced as he grabbed the trout from the freezing water of the ocean. It seemed that winter had come a little early this year- it had been snowing for three days straight now, but it was still warm enough out that the snow wasn't completely sticking, that was, until today. The snow was sticking heavily to everything it touched, coating everything in sight with a blinding whiteness. The water, on the other hand, was a matter of a different caliber. It had been well below freezing for weeks, but the waves made it difficult for ice to completely sheet over. That, Hiccup guessed, was a pretty good thing, since the village still needed some food.

If it hadn't been for the fact that Toothless had done an exceptional job in Dragon Training and Hiccup had wished to reward his friend, he would have been inside by now, thawing his stiff, cold bones by a nice blazing fire.

Usually, the cold never really bothered Hiccup. But Thor almighty, today was freezing.

Hiccup placed the still squirming trout into the giant woven basket he had next to him. It was only half full. Fishing had been pretty light in the past weeks, with the cold setting in. Hiccup let out a long, exasperated sigh as he looked out across the wide expanse that was the ocean. The summer months had been so great, with every waking moment spent with his giant dragon. He wasn't ready for the cold. But, he was not going to sit in his hut all winter like most of the young children would be. He was a Viking after all. And not just any Viking- the son of the chief. He had to at least
try
to act like a grown Viking.

A small gust of wind blew across Hiccup, sending shivers down his spine. He pulled his sheepskin vest closer to his skin as his teeth chattered loudly. It was too cold to be fishing for now. Toothless would just have to be satisfied with the half basket this time around. With another sigh, Hiccup stood and lifted the basket onto his back. He glanced at the ocean once more. The water looked dark and grey now, the waves frothing just the slightest as they rose and fell calmly.

A shadow in the sky caught Hiccup's attention. It was small, and Hiccup had to squint to focus on the floating blur. The brown color contrasted with the pale grey of the clouds around it. Could it be a new breed of dragon? Hiccup thought as looked to the sky, following the flying thing's movements as it flew closer to Berk. Hiccup noticed it began to snow harder the closer the blur got to the village.

Hiccup's mouth dropped open in surprise when the thing flew right above his head, letting out a loud whoop of laughter as it did so. Hiccup realized this thing was not a dragon, but a boy. He zoomed past Hiccup, laughing as snowflakes scurried after him.

There hadn't been a dragon beneath the boy. In fact, there was nothing helping the boy fly at all. Hiccup shook his head, trying to clear it of the strange sight; sure his mind was playing tricks on him. Was he so pathetic a person that even his mind wanted to play pranks? Lamenting this idea, he began the long, slow trudge up the long steps to the main part of the village, and to his home.

When he reached the top of the rocky mountain, where his hut stood like a regal being, tall and firm, Hiccup looked around to find his four legged friend. Toothless was nowhere to be seen. Hiccup shrugged and opened the big heavy doors of his hut. There, he saw Toothless curled by the hearth; his head rising upon hearing Hiccup enter. Toothless' long ear flaps raised into the air as he intently watched Hiccup struggle with the big basket, to get it to the floor. His giant yellow-green eyes widened as Hiccup dumped the basket over, revealing the trout and Icelandic Cod he had caught. Toothless eagerly pushed himself off of the floor, giving Hiccup a big toothless grin, and began to devour the fish one by one.

"Here ya go bud." Hiccup said, shaking his head at the diminishing pile of fish. "Sorry I didn't get as much as normal. It's really cold out there today." Toothless nodded his head absently as if to say it was okay, not taking a break to gulp down another fish. Hiccup moved toward the giant Oak table in the center of the room, taking off his sheepskin vest and hanging it near the fireplace on his way there.

As he sat at the table, Hiccup remembered the image of the flying boy. He couldn't figure it out. No one else who had been out had seemed to even notice the boy, even though he had been laughing. They hadn't even looked up. Had it really been his mind? Did his subconscious think that he was so pathetic for having only a dragon as a friend that it made up an imaginary friend to be with?

"Hey Toothless." Hiccup said, frowning as he stared at the table. The big black dragon looked up as he finished the last of the fish, and walked gracefully over to the boy, resting his large head on Hiccup's small lap. "I think I'm going crazy. At least a little. I saw a boy today as I was coming up the steps to bring you your fish. He was flying. Without a dragon."

Toothless' eyes widened slightly, and he moved his head in a way to nudge the boy, as if asking for more information. Hiccup nodded, understanding.

"Well, this boy… I saw him flying over the ocean. At first I thought he was a new breed of dragon, but as he got closer, I noticed it was a boy. No one else seemed to notice him either. But, could it be just my mind?" Toothless cooed gently, encouraging Hiccup to talk more.

"Well, he flew by pretty fast, but what I could see was a young looking boy, with snow white hair. He was holding a giant curved stick. Snow followed him. He was wearing a brown colored shawl thing. I don't recall seeing any kind of footwear either, though that I can't be sure of."

Toothless raised his head off of Hiccup's lap, his eyes widening to the size of dinner plates. Hiccup's own eyes, a light green color, were screwed shut, his face molded into a frown. Toothless nudged his rider gently, getting Hiccup's attention once more.

"I'm sorry bud." He said, scratching Toothless gently under his chin, avoiding the spot that made all dragons pass out, "I guess I just need to know if it was just my mind finally losing it, or if it was a real thing."

The Night Fury nodded his head in understanding and leapt lightly up the narrow steps to Hiccup's room. Hiccup shook his head at Toothless' sudden playful mood, a smile forming on his lips as the dragon came bounding back down the stairs, the riding harness clamped carefully between his teeth. Hiccup took the harness from Toothless' mouth.

"It's pretty cold out there Toothless, are you sure you want to go for a ride?" he said as he slipped the harness over his head and tightened the straps. Toothless purred loudly in response, causing Hiccup to laugh a little at his friend. He began to walk to the front door, with Toothless prancing excitedly behind him. Hiccup put on his now slightly damp sheepskin vest and opened the door and winced slightly as the cold air bit at his exposed flesh. It had dropped at least ten degrees.

Even though it was freezing out, Hiccup knew that flying on Toothless would ease his mind. He thanked the gods for Toothless as he mounted his dragon.

"Alright Toothless," Hiccup said, gritting his teeth against the cold. "Let's fly." With that, the mighty beast leaped into the air with a playful roar.

>