

Chapter 32

Jack was awoken by the sound of clattering dishes beside his head. Instinctually he reached for his staff, but it was not beside him. Instead he found a skinny boy curled to his body. Jack smiled for a second. Hiccup was just too adorable to ignore. He slipped into his tunic and pulled himself out of the tangle of black wings enveloping him and his lover.

"Astrid." Jack hissed when he saw the blonde Viking picking up the bowl that had been knocked to the floor. "What are you doing here? You're gonna wake Hiccup."

"Sorry… I came to talk to you Jack."

"Me?"

"Yeah. You. About Hiccup."

Jack's heart began to beat wildly. His eyes widened. "What about him?"

"Well… it turns out Snotlout did say something to Gothi, the elder of Berk. Last night… when we all went our separate ways. It's spread like wildfire overnight. Gobber and a few others plan on coming over in the next hour to ask questions."

Jack's jaw dropped. Toothless opened one eyes lazily, watching the two converse.

"Really? I guess I should wake him. Do you know what he said?"

"By 'he' I assume you mean Snotlout. I don't know what he said
exactly
, but it was something along the lines of 'Hiccup's an unfit chief because he is in love with a spirit, and to top it off, that spirit is a guy'. I don't know what you guys were planning, but now it seems that Hiccup will have to explain."

Jack nodded. Like it or not, Hiccup was getting what he wanted.

"I'll wake him."

"Oh, Jack?"

"Yeah Astrid?" Jack gently tugged on one of Toothless' wings, trying to separate it enough that he could slip back inside.

"I will support you. No matter what happens."

"Thanks Astrid."

Jack watched as Astrid turned and went back down the stairs. Then he popped inside the winged barrier to find Hiccup rubbing his eyes sleepily.

"Jack… what's going on? I thought I heard Astrid."

Jack sighed. "You did. Apparently your wonderful cousin decided to tell the whole village about us while we all went to sleep."

"He
what?
"

"Aannd… apparently Gobber and a few others are on their way to ask you questions. It looks like you get to tell everyone anyway."

"Well that's just… great."

Toothless unfurled his wings, exposing the boys to the morning light drifting in the giant window. Hiccup covered his eyes with his arm and waddled sleepily over to his dressing table and pulled out fresh pants, and a clean tunic. Jack grabbed his staff from underneath Toothless' large head as the dragon yawned and very toothy yawn.

As Hiccup pulled his tunic over his head, there was a loud
bang
on the door. Hiccup's eyes widened and he swallowed hard.

"Well, here goes."

"Hiccup… I'm here with you. And so is Toothless. Everything will be okay."

Hiccup smiled and nodded. "Thanks Jack."

"Hiccup! Hiccup I know you're in there. Come on out boy, we have to talk." Gobber's voice cut through the air as his greeting met Jack's and Hiccup's ears. Hiccup groaned.

As Hiccup hobbled down the stairs to the main room of his house, Jack flew up into the rafters and Toothless waddled closely behind. Hiccup took a deep breath and pulled open the heavy oak door. Standing with his arm propped up to bang the door again, was Gobber. Behind him was Gothi and Spitelout.

"Uh… h-hi Gobber. Gothi, Spitelout. Come on in…" as he made room for the adults to enter the house, Hiccup glanced up worriedly at Jack. Gothi made a slight humming noise in the back of her throat and began to draw in the dirt of the doorway.

"We heard you were… well… into men?"

Hiccup nodded. Spitelout groaned. Gobber's eyes widened and then went back to normal. Gothi continued drawing in the dirt.

"And that there is a… boy you are interested in?"

Hiccup nodded once again.

"Where is he?" Spitelout demanded, grabbing hold of Hiccup's shoulders and shaking him violently. Toothless growled and wedged himself between the adult and his rider. Gothi stopped drawing and pointed up into the rafters, her eyes locked onto Jack's location. Gobber looked up and looked back to Gothi, then back up to where Jack sat.

"He's a spirit… the spirit of winter. Jack Frost."

Gothi smiled and waved to Jack. Jack jumped down from the rafters and landed beside Hiccup. Gothi went back to drawing in the dirt with her long, gnarly staff. Then she tapped Gobber on the back and pointed to what she wrote.

Gobber read it, nodded and looked to Hiccup.

"Is there… erm. Well, a way we moght be able to see this… erm… boy?"

Jack smiled and slammed his staff into the floor. Ice shot out and coated the floor in a thin layer. Spitelout screamed and turned to run toward the door. Gothi tripped him with her staff and shook her head. Jack smiled triumphantly. Gobber stood with his mouth hanging open and his eyes wide.

"Great Odin's Ghost… Ah!" Gobber rubbed his eyes and stared at Jack. Hiccup smiled, knowing that Gobber saw his lover.

"Gobber, this is Jack. Jack… this is Gobber. He's my dad's best friend, and kind of like a second father to me." Toothless warbled with pleasure.



Well this went a bit better than expected. At least… right now. Don't you think?



Jack smiled and held out his hand to Gobber. "It's nice to meet you."

Gobber simply looked at Jack's hand and turned away. "Well Hiccup, it might be a good idea to tell everyone in Berk. Maybe have him do that ice thing so people can see that. That'll surely knock 'em off their feet. I'll call a meeting."

"Wait wait Gobber, I'm not sure-"

"Hiccup, it's something that has to happen, you might as well do it now. Especially since everyone is buzzing about with this rumor you are stepping down from your bloodclaim."

Hiccup sighed. "Alright Gobber. I'll be there in a bit."

"Good! Glad to know our new chief knows responsibility." Gobber turned and walked out the door, grabbing Spitelout by the back of his tunic and dragging him with. Gothi smiled and took Jack's hand. She patted it once, twice, then let go and turned to the door.

It was silent for a minute. The door had slowly closed shut, and the light coming from the candles was eerie. No one moved, or breathed. Jack was tense. It was true that this meeting had gone better than he had anticipated, but everything was moving way too fast for his comfort. Now all of Berk was going to find out about him and Hiccup. But that wasn't the real problem.

Jack's heart stuttered in his chest as he thought about the crystal shard. He still had no idea how long Hiccup had, or if the crystal's effect would wear off. It in truth had been bothering him for the last two days. He was worried that, if the crystal were to reverse, Hiccup would die instantly. Then he would be alone again. Toothless would no doubt find a new place, leaving Jack to wander the world once more. Unseen. Unknown.

Sudddenly the oak door was thrown open. Hiccup let out a yelp and Jack shouted in irritation. Astrid stood in the doorway, her cheeks pinked from running. She panted as she doubled over slightly, staring at the boys and the Night Fury.

"Well… how… did it… go?"

"Better than expected. But now-"

"I know… Snotlout… isn't very happy."

Jack laughed. It served the boy right. He shouldn't have been messing with Hiccup, and really shouldn't have been putting his nose where it didn't belong.

"Well, I think it is time to head out and get this over with." Hiccup sighed and climbed onto Toothless' back. "Are you ready bud?"



What kind of question is that? Jack? Let's go you overgrown snowflake.



"I'm coming… lets go Astrid."

Astrid ran down the hill toward the Great Hall. Toothless flew, Jack riding behind Hiccup. Jack couldn't tell who was more nervous: Hiccup or himself.

"Relax Jack. Everything will be fine. I promise."

Jack nodded. He knew that everyone would at least accept Hiccup's decision. For some reason everyone seemed to be okay with him and, even support him.

"I guess Snotlout isn't all that popular around Berk, is he?"

Toothless snorted. Hiccup laughed. "No… I guess not."

As they landed in front of the Great Hall, the doors were flung open and people surrounded the Night Fury and his riders. People were talking over each other, asking Hiccup questions and demanding answers, pushing each other out of the way so as to be heard. Hiccup raised his hands in front of his chest, trying to decipher where to start. Gobber raised his voice and everyone quieted down.

Hiccup looked over the entire population of Berk. The teens were in the back, sitting on their dragons, all but Snotlout watching intently. "I know, that you were told some things. Like that I am gay. This is true."

Murmurs rose throughout the crowd.

"But, doesn't that mean you won't have offspring? No claims to the chieftains' position?" Someone shouted, pushing another Viking out of his way.

"Well, yes, technically. That does mean I will have no kin to have a blood claim. It just means I will choose the next chief from the entire population."

"So you aren't going to marry?"

"I plan on marrying. Just not a woman or a Viking."

"Who?" Chorus after chorus of "who's" and "what's" bombarded Hiccup. Jack sat on Toothless' back, as helpless as he had ever been. He hated this feeling. The questions were getting louder; they wanted Hiccup's answers.

"Jack!"

As if it were a signal, Jack thrust his staff into the earth. Ice shot up, creating a barrier around Hiccup and the crowd of Berkians. Screams of terror flooded Jack's ears, and then they transformed into sounds of wonder and awe.

"Hiccup, who is that next to you?" Everyone began to murmur and question, their voices no longer fighting to be heard.

"This is Jack Frost. He is the spirit of winter."

More murmurs.

"Jack is my boyfriend. The one I love."

The murmurs got louder. In the distance Snotlout shouted, "If you don't set the example, how are we supposed to want to have offspring? How can you lead if you are so strange?"

More murmurs… some of agreement, other to silence Snotlout.

"Just because I am choosing to live my life differently than you all, doesn't mean everyone is going to follow my every move. I do not expect you all to immediately like the same gender. It's just the way I am."

The murmurs got louder and then died down. It became eerily silent.

"We all know I am not your typical Viking. We all have known this from the beginning. I refused to kill a dragon. I trained said dragon. I defeated the Red Death. I saw Jack when no one else did. I defeated a rogue star and have cheated death more times than I wish to count. This is who I am. My father has blessed this relationship, so whether or not I have your support, Jack and I will be together. But, if I do not have your support, as acting chief, I will appoint the next leader."

It was silent for a long time. In reality, it was only a few moments, but it felt like an eternity to Jack. Finally, an eruption of claps and chants exploded in Jack's brain. He was picked up by one big, burly man and squeezed tightly. Women clapped and patted his head. Hiccup was raised above the crowd and escorted to the Great Hall.

The rest of the day was spent in celebration. Hiccup was marked as the next chieftain and the celebrations lasted well into the night.

As Hiccup crawled into his bed after the long day, he held the snowflake pendant Jack had made between his fingers, twirling it around mindlessly. Toothless was curled into a sleepy black ball, and was already snoring gently in slumber. Jack was downstairs talking with Astrid and the twins.

Finally, Jack emerged into the doorway. He stripped off his tunic and let it fall lazily onto the floor along with his staff. The quiet
clink
of his staff hitting the floor made Toothless' ears twitch, but no other movement was made. Hiccup raised his eyes from the snowflake and smiled.

"Today went really well. Better than I could have ever hoped for." Jack said slyly.

"See Jack? You don't have to worry about being alone again. And we don't have to leave Berk."

"I guess they really didn't want you to choose someone else to be chief."

Jack rolled over Hiccup lightly and pinned himself against the wall, his back pressing up against the rough wood. He held his bare arms out to Hiccup, who nestled his way into Jack's arms. Jack wrapped one lag around Hiccup's hips, pulling him as close as he could possibly get. Hiccup giggled slightly, turning his face into Jack's cold neck.

"We can do this forever, right Jack?"

"Yes… forever."

"What adventures should we have now?" Hiccup asked sleepily, his eyes beginning to droop.

Jack kissed Hiccup gently on the lips, letting Hiccup's sweet flavor fill his mouth. Then he pulled away, just as gently. He pushed the messy brown locks away from Hiccup's face and smiled.

"We can have any adventure you want to have Hic."

"I love you, my handsome snowman…" Hiccup muttered as sleep overtook him.

"And I love you, my little Viking. See you tomorrow."

With that, Jack kissed Hiccup once more and closed his eyes.

THE END


==Alright my lovelies! The end has arrived... sadly. I might make a sequel,

what do you think? I would love to hear your feedback on the story as a whole, or the last two chapters! Also, I have created a poll with a few different ideas for the next fanfiction, and would greatly appreciate

it if people participated. I understand that some on that list may be weird to do or whatever, but if there is a specific fanfic you want to see me do and it isn't on the poll, feel free to PM me! THANKS AGAIN for your wonderful support! I love you guys and thanks for sticking with me through this whole endeavor! See you next time! :)==


>