

A/N: Please check out the poll on my author page. It doesn't mean anything, I am merely curious! Thanks for being patient while I was on my hiatus. I told you this would be a long story. Enjoy.

Corvus Nott and the Dark Lord


Mudblood
.

Every letter burned into her flesh, and the word stung.

"Tell me."

Oh, how she wished she could speak. The words were at the tip of her tongue, explanation tumbling inside her mouth, and yet the sound refused to come out. Tom himself realized the irrationality of demanding words from a mute mouth, and released her arm. She was overcome by the urge to touch his face, and slowly reached for his cheek. He pulled away, and her fingers barely grazed his skin.

For one crazy, insane moment, Hermione thought he looked like Harry.

She waited.

"You're a witch," he whispered.

A breeze blew gently past them.

"Aren't you?"

Hot tears burned in her eyes.

He exhaled. "You are."

She reached for his hand, at a loss for what to do, but he ripped it away and held it close to his chest as though he'd been burned. She stared, eyes wide. Tom took another step back.

"You
lied
to me," he whispered.

She shook her head.

"George, too," he said, "You both lied to me."

She wanted to explain to him, but her throat was sealed. The frustration of her situation made her eyes water more. He noticed her partially teary state, and his hollow and hysterical laugh shocked her.

"You're crying?
You
?" he asked. "Do you think you have any right to cry in front of me after what you've put me through?!"

She reached for his fingers once more but when their skin connected he tore himself away again, angrily taking a step back. "Don't
touch
me!" he hissed. "How dare you? Was it fun? Was watching me stumble around trying to find you, thinking about you, feeling responsible for your death, and putting my whole life on hold
fun?
Did you
enjoy
it?!"

Hermione shook her head. That wasn't it! Why was he misunderstanding?

"I hoped and
dreamed
that you were a witch!" he yelled. "The only person in the world that treated me with kindness deserved to be magical, and you were special, you seemed like you were a part of my world. I wanted to share magic with you so badly, and yet you were a Muggle, just like my
filthy
father!"

His line of speech was starting to make less and less sense, and she was scared of his anger.

"You promised a boy with a dead mother and no father a home, a family, and then you disappeared, over the edge of that damn cliff. Do you have
any
idea what you've done to me? I grew up alone, just how I was born! How I've lived! And then what? If you were going to be a witch, why of all things did you have to be a
Mudblood?!"


She tried desperately to grab him one last time and, just like before, he escaped from her grasp.

"I said don't
touch
me, Ed!"

They both froze.

For some reason, Tom using the wrong name hurt more than anything.

"Do you know what the worst past is?" he asked after the pause. "The worst part is that even though you lied to me, tricked me, deceived me, and are a Mudblood, for some reason I still…"

He reached down to her, catching one of her brown, frizzy locks in his fingertips and gently tucking it behind her ear. She stared.

"I still care about you," he admitted.

His fury ebbed. The aggression that had charged the air moments before slowly crackled to nonexistence. His skin lingered a moment longer by her cheek than necessary, long enough to make her hold her breath. Then it fell, and he sat next to her.

"You didn't hide it on purpose, did you?" he asked.

She sniffed, wiped away the last of her tears roughly and shook her head.

He laughed. "Of course you didn't. You only just got your memories back. I was too angry. I said some hurtful things."

She shook her head again.

He glanced at the scar on her arm. "Who did that to you?"

She blinked, face falling.

"It must have hurt."

She wouldn't deny it.

"I used to be that kind of person," he told her. "Right after you left, my memories of you were fuzzy, but I had remembered seeing you fall. I remembered that but I couldn't even remember your face. I thought I had been abandoned and I was angry, I was very angry. I started stealing the other children's things, setting snakes on them. When Dumbledore showed up and told me who I was it was like a miracle. But I had no one, and I was still mad. I learned of my father's lineage and my mother's death and I hated Muggles, and I hated you."

She listened quietly.

"But there was always a change that you were a witch. I forced poor Alphard to search through his family records every summer for six years to find you. I'm… I apologize for hating you. I didn't know anything then."

She shook her head.

His smile was bitter, twisted. "Don't forgive me."

Despite his warning, she reached out and gently stroked his cheek, returning the gesture. It was all she could do to calm him and herself. His outburst has frightened her, and she hadn't realized he was harboring so much hurt from her disappearance. She tried to say "I didn't want to leave", but her words failed. She tried to say "I care about you too", but could not. She wanted to tell him "You're already so different from Voldemort", but still. Her lips refused.

Tom wondered, as Hermione rubbed her soft thumb across his face, what the nature of their relationship was now. Certainly not mother and son; it hadn't ever reached that point, not even when he was a child. Not quite friends. Not lovers. But what was this? This familiar feeling of her hands on his face?

Her skin was soft. Different from Corvus. Her lips looked cold. Not like Corvus's lips; they were positively
searing
. Hermione wasn't a friend like Corvus was.

Corvus was…

The Dark Lord paused.

Corvus was…

"Hermione," he asked, "Can we talk later? There's someone else I need to apologize to."

She agreed, curious as to whom it was. He didn't fly them back this time, and instead reached out his hand to invite her to apparate. She took it, and after a twist and a jerking movement, they were back to the cottage.

"Stay here," he said, "I'll be back as soon as I can. You'll be safe here; try to get some more sleep."

His head was swimming.

He bid Hermione adieu and realized he didn't have a plan. He realized he didn't have
anything
.

"Shit," Tom hissed as he paced away from the cabin like a man possessed. "Shit, shit, shit, shit!"

Had he already waited too long? This feeling was so new and so sudden he wasn't positive its nature was wholly clear. He didn't know where to go, so he thought about where Corvus might be. He said he needed to study, so perhaps his home? But Tom didn't want to intrude on his parents if he wasn't there, and Corvus preferred to be on his own.

Perhaps Saint Mungo's Library?

No, too many people…

A thought occurred to him and it gave him pause. Perhaps…?

With no other options, he took a deep breath and turned on the spot, appearing with a
crack
on a busy Hogsmeade street. There were several dozen groups of students clad in long robes and their house colors busying about the streets, ducking in and out of Honeydukes and the joke shop down the street. Several delayed frozen flakes drifted from the sky, and a single one landed on his face. He made his way through the crowd to the Three Broomsticks.

Very clearly he could see a smooth mop of blonde hair through the windows, sitting with his back to the door. Tom sighed, mumbled, "Of course," and walked in.

"Welcome!" called a grubby man with large hands behind the bar, right before he yelled at a young woman named Rosmerta to fetch more clean mugs from the back. There were so many people in the pub; there was barely any room to move around. The whole room seemed to shrink. He swallowed and moved into the crowd.

He felt Corvus's eyes on him as he paid for a glass of Nettle Wine. Slowly, he made his way to the table and sat opposite him. They stared at each other for a long moment. In a very Corvus-like move, the young man nodded at Tom's drink and said, "Nettle Wine? You hate Nettle."

He took a sip, avoiding twisting his face in displeasure and nodded at the drink before his friend. "And you hate Firewhiskey."

He scoffed and took a swig. Tom could imagine the liquid burning his throat.

"So?" Corvus asked, swirling the red liquor around his glass.

"So what?"

"So why did you come out here?" He swept his hair back. "I doubt it was for the Nettle."

"And why did
you
come out here?" he shot back. "Is this how you study for your Healing exams?"

Corvus answered with another swig of whiskey.

"I came here to talk to you." He took a short, shallow breath.

"Then let's not talk here," Corvus said. "Too many people."

They left, and once outside Tom quietly breathed in the air. "Follow me," he said, and set off for the edge of the village. Corvus trailed several steps behind, neither boy talking or looking at each other. The atmosphere was dense, charged, and Tom had no idea what he was doing. What was he going to say?

When the rumble of crowds and packed streets was finally behind them and the distant silhouette of Hogwarts lay just shrouded in fog, they stopped.

"What do you want to say, My Lord?" Corvus asked reverently.

He sniffed. "Don't call me that,"

"You used to praise me for my respect, My Lord," Corvus continued.

"Well stop," he snapped, all the confused feelings welling up into some kind of charged anger. Why couldn't this be easy? "I don't like it anymore."

"Why not?"

"Because you use it as a means to distance yourself from me," he said. "You use it to
avoid
me."

He finally looked at him; the electricity in his pale blue eyes was odd to see. "If you know then why do you persist?" he asked. "If you're here to reject me, then save your breath; I already know what you'll say."

"Why do you think that's what I'm here for?" he asked, shocked.

"Why else would you seek me out like this?!"

"You don't know why I'm here," Tom snapped, "so don't pretend you know me."

Corvus seemed ready to throw a biting response, but paused. "Tom," he said softly, "do you love me?"

The truth tumbled out of his lips faster than he could think. "No."

The blonde man's face didn't fall much – he'd expected this. But he took a step back. "See?" he asked quietly. "I didn't need to hear that. I already knew."

The words he'd prepared died on his lips.

"There's no way you'd change your mind, is there?" Corvus asked.

Tom swallowed. "No," he lied.

He laughed, and his eyes turned toward the snow-filled sky. "I'm going to need some space," he admitted. "I'm thinking about going to the cliff where Hermione fell to look for any evidence of Grindelwald's plot. You're fickle, Tom: if you do change your mind, won't you come meet me there?"

"I'm not going," he hissed.

Corvus looked at him one last time, then whispered, "Then why did you come out here?" He apparated, leaving Tom in the snow.

He paced like a madman through the streets, seething in anger. What did Corvus Nott know about him? He was fickle? Preposterous! He'd gone after him to repair their friendship, to apologize for his wrongs, and he'd been met with only anger and resistance. It irked him greatly; didn't he
want
to stay friends? He'd bore his soul when he told Corvus he was his best mate, and Voldemort didn't have
mates
. He should be grateful!

He'd allowed his pawns to be his friends, wasn't that enough for him?

And what did Voldemort do to be deserving of the affections of one such as he?

Tom was neither kind nor soft, happy nor pleasant, nice nor friendly. The Dark Lord was filled with hate from day one, and he hardly deserved the friendship or affection of the loyal and sickeningly sweet Corvus Nott. The thought occurred to him that things would never be the same between then, and it gave him such great pause that he halted mid-stride, causing some students to fumble and trip out of the way to avoid him.

He couldn't go back to the way things were with him. Not anymore, not after this. Would they ever be the same again?

Perhaps, Voldemort mused, he didn't want things to be exactly the same, and that realization terrified him. Perhaps, if the only options were to lose Corvus forever or move forward, he'd undoubtedly choose the latter.

Perhaps he could change his mind.

He examined his options.

One, he let Corvus go, and lose a great friend, companion, and partner. He'd lose Corvus's typical blank expressions, his hidden smirks, his oddly rough hands, his pale eyes, his searing lips. He'd lose a man that loved him. He'd lose a man that he love.

Two, he move forward. He does not lose Corvus, but will lose his friendship. He accept him and everything about him. He would have him at his side, he and his dumb smirks, his apathetic affections, and his warm regard.

"Do I have the confidence to lose him?" he whispered.

No.

Of that, Voldemort could be honest.

He realized suddenly that a long time had passed, because the sun had gone down and the air was chilled. Fresh snow had accumulated around his shoes and on top of his head. How long had it been? At least an hour, maybe two. Could Corvus still be waiting?


You're fickle, Tom: if you do change your mind, won't you come meet me there?


Perhaps he was right about him.

His mind was made up. No going back, now.

Tom was making a hard decision, a very hard decision. It felt like he was being tugged by both arms in opposite directions until he tore in half; it felt like he couldn't breathe, and even though he'd made up his mind he wasn't sure if it was
right
. He wasn't sure of anything.

The winds whipped the ends of his winter cloak around his feet as he walked at a brisk pace. The cliffs that had so long ago caused him such grief now harbored his path as the waves from far below lapped against the rocky walls.

Tom was afraid. But on he walked, as memories of falling and fighting and shouting came back to him; the same memory, three times. Eventually, with the war raging in his head, a tall man with blonde hair came into view from far away.

He paused for a moment, briefly closing his eyes to gather his courage, and closed the gap.

Corvus turned as he approached. "My Lord," he said, awestruck.

Toe to toe with the man, Tom Riddle stopped. "I told you to stop calling me that," he said quietly.

There was a short spell. "I didn't think you'd come," he said.

"Why not?"

"You said you wouldn't."

"You should know by now that I'm a liar," Tom said.

Corvus stared for a moment, and then smiled weakly. "Yeah; I suppose I should."

They regarded each other. There was a loud thumping sound, and Tom wasn't sure if it was his heart or Corvus's beating against their ribcages. The winds died down and quieted, and the ocean crashed far below.

Voldemort pulled him into a hug.

"M-My Lord-!"

"You're driving me crazy," he growled. His hands clutched the back of Nott's cloak. "I don't know what the hell it
is
with you – one moment we're strangers, the next we're friends, after that we…"

The stiffness in his muscles softened. Slowly, he embraced him back.

"I don't know that I love you, Nott," the Dark Lord explained. He tightened his hold.
"I don't know that I love anyone. But I do know I feel
something
."

The blonde man moved back and pressed his lips to Tom's. "You needn't explain, My Lord," he said. "That's how it was for me, too."

Flustered by the sudden contact, he looked at the ground, as if it could swallow him and hide him forever. "I don't know what to do," he admitted, feeling very small. "I've never really been this close to someone before."

Corvus blinked. "You mean… Wait… That time in Knockturn Alley yesterday, that wasn't your... Was it?"

He blushed. "It was," he mumbled. "My first kiss."

He looked like he was about to burst out laughing, but reigned it in with that famous apathy of his. "So, you've been kissed twice, have you, My Lord? Twice in your whole life? Twice by me?"

His heart beat quickly, rhythmically, and a feeling he'd never felt before roared within him. Corvus had left Tom's mouth cold after his warm lips. "Stop calling me that, really."

Corvus smirked. "Or what?
My Lord
?"

His hands tangled in his light hair and he pulled him forward, surprising the smirk off of his face. "It's
Tom
," he growled, and kissed him back.

Corvus's eyes fluttered shut. His hands gripped the back of Tom's robes. The Dark Lord had never known a kiss could be so warm, so sweet.

Oh, yes; he
much
preferred this to losing Nott forever.


Very much so.


When they finally parted, Corvus's smile came back, this time more genuine than any Tom had ever seen, and in that moment he couldn't help but think he looked beautiful. "What is it?" he asked.

"Nothing," he breathed back. "It's just… I never thought this would happen. Ever since I met you, I never imagined…"

"You mean when you met me in the library in our fifth year?"

Corvus smiled, and tilted his chin down so their eyes met. "No," he said. "I noticed you on the train in our first year. I liked you since second, and I've been in love with you since third. I've gone through all the motions, believe me." He leaned down and kissed him lightly again, sending a foreign bubbly sensation ripping through Tom's stomach. "Denial didn't last long. You made it very easy to love you, even from afar."

He swallowed. "I thought you were into Alphard all those years," he said in embarrassment.

Corvus hummed, tilting his head. "Well, that's not entirely false," he admitted.

"What?!"

The man shrugged. "Al is really good looking. Just because you were my first love doesn't mean I didn't notice him, or that I wasn't in other relationships with people."

Shocked, the Dark Lord said faintly, "Other relationships?"

He grinned wickedly, and Tom began to suspect there was more playful nature in Corvus than he'd originally anticipated. "Oh, yes," he began gleefully, "Let's see… My first boyfriend was Spetimus Greengrass in second year, he was a grade above us. Chap turned out to be straight. Well, according to him. My second relationship was in fourth year with Willis Flint, an amazing kisser with a positively killer body-"

Tom's jaw dropped.

"Oh, and then there was Roman Crouch, attractive seventh year, turned out he was an arsehole, and then I briefly dated Carrow, Dodge, Cygnus for a time – don't tell Al, he'll kill me-"

"Cygnus is
gay
?"

"Like
that's
a surprise," he scoffed. "Anyway, look – I didn't date him for more than six weeks, we both agreed it was a little weird and parted ways. And anyway, that's when fifth year started and Malfoy and I-"

He ripped himself from the blond man's grasp. "
Malfoy
?!" he gasped. The shock was dripping off his face.

Corvus's smile turned wicked again. "Yes, Abraxas Malfoy. He was my longest relationship to date. We went out for the good first half of fifth year. We got into a really nasty row and broke up the day you discovered your parent's heritage. That's also the day we became mates, if you recall it."

He turned around. "I'm not talking to you," he announced. "Malfoy… Fucking
Malfoy
, ANYONE but that two-faced, self-righteous prick!"

Tom knew in that moment that he had completely revealed himself. He could
feel
Corvus smirking at him as he observed his obvious jealousy. "Ah," he sighed dreamily, "Abraxas was my favorite boyfriend, too. He acted all gruff and tough but was really just a huge softie when we were alone.
By far
the best kisser at Hogwarts."

He couldn't help it: his hands clenched so hard his nails dug painfully into his palms. What was this odd feeling, like a feral animal clawing up his stomach and throat?

Corvus continued. "We used to play a game where we would kiss whenever the coast was clear. We even snuck out of our dormitory to make out in the Forbidden Forest, once."

"
I
am
leaving
!" Tom hissed, turning sharply on his heel.

Corvus laughed, loudly, beautifully, and grabbed his hand gently. "Don't go, I'm teasing you! Why do you think he hated you so much, Tom? I dumped him for
you
, after all. That's why he went after you."

The memory of Abraxas accosting him on the changing staircase in sixth year was vivid and clear. "Wait a moment," he hissed, "I thought it was strange that he knew about my heritage! YOU told him!"

He shrugged. "I wanted him to feel inferior. You know how important lineage is to the Malfoys. He was
so
shocked, by the way," he added gleefully. "Kept shooting me dirty looks whenever we were together after that."

"I'm so angry!" he cried. "You dated Malfoy! Merlin, Nott, have you dated anyone else since then?! How about several someone's?"

He shook his head. "Not after that."

"Why not?" he scoffed. "I scare them off?"

"I turned everyone else down," he explained. "I was finally friends with you, and I realized that I liked you too much to deny it any longer."

His cheeks heated up. "O-oh. Is that so?"

He smiled, and this time it was soft. "Yeah. It is."

So it was.

Corvus's hand slipped into his, and they watched the stars fade into the dark blue sky together.

"I've thought a lot about it," Tom said. "I didn't make this decision lightly."

"What decision?" Corvus asked.

He swallowed. "I'm going to join the Order of the Phoenix. Grindelwald needs to be stopped, and if it means giving up on my plans to build a stronger empire than him, I'm willing to lay them aside completely. Will you stand with me?"

"I always have," he confirmed. "No matter what your decision is I'm on your side, Tom."

"This is going to be difficult," he cautioned. "If Grindelwald finds out that we're plotting against him, he'll kill us. And he'll probably kill Cygnus, too. It's dangerous. Are you sure?"

"Idiot." He leaned his head against Tom's ear, still managing to be a few inches taller. "I'm on your side."

Tom closed his eyes. "Then I'm going to Dumbledore tomorrow. If Grindelwald wants Hermione for some reason, our top priority is keeping her safe."

"Tomorrow," he agreed. "I'll be there with you, My Lord."

The moon shined faintly from its waning crescent, and the young man smiled. "Really, Nott. It's not 'My Lord' anymore. It's just Tom."

A/N:

Previous: Gellert's Ultimatum

Next: The Order of the Phoenix

Note: Before people freak out, I want to explain that this fanfiction is labeled as a Tom/Hermione, and IT IS A TOM/HERMIONE.

But like in life, things happen, people meet others, like them, grow apart, and are better for it. I promise you this will end as a Tomione. Corvus's presence is, in my mind, an essential part of Tom's character progression and eventual change into a better man. If you have a problem with it, I am very sorry for you.

This fic is still a Tomione.

Just food for thought.

Pan

>