

Disclaimer: I own nothing, same old same old up here.


Chapter 30: One New Day

The house felt cold, different. I walked to the sink and got myself a big glass of water. Against orders I chugged it down, and refilled my glass, a sour stomach is what I got for that, but my throat and mouth were no longer dry. I sigh and walk over to the couch, I set the glass on the table before I carefully lower myself to the soft cushions, and I gently lay my head back, cringing as the now stitched gash in my head made contact with the blue fabric. I close my eyes and try to turn off my brain. I didn't want to think about what had happen, or what could possible happen in the near future.

Deanna looked pissed, and rightfully so. I was pissed too; my anger was just buried under my pain and tiredness.

I wanted to sleep, all I wanted to do was sleep, but I couldn't, with a possible concussion and Rick landing himself in house-jail, sleep was something I couldn't do at the moment. So I sat on the couch and willed the pain away.

I got a loud, hard knock on the door instead. But I didn't move to open it, no way. While I was getting patched up Merle had come in and said everyone was at house number 2 besides the obvious ones and Rick was unconscious in the unfinished house on the edge of town. Maggie was having a talk with Deanna about what was going to happen. It was a waiting game, and I intended to spend it in silence and alone.

Whoever knocked decided to walk in.

"Kelly? I know you're in here, I saw you come in." Jessie said as she walked in the house.

"In the living room." I quietly call out; cringing at my voice, her steps fall heavy and hard and I squeeze my eyes tightly closed.

"What the hell was that? You said you wouldn't say anything!" She yells, her voice shooting tiny spikes into my head.

"Jessie," I mutter as I hold out my hand to silence her, "I will answer any questions you have as long as you ask them quietly. Rick split the back of my head open, and I have a headache." I weakly explain, then cringing at my choice of words, Rick didn't split my head open, he helped, but he didn't actually do it.

"Are you okay?" she asks as she sits down on the coffee table beside my water.

"I'll live, just got a new haircut in the back and a few stitches, I've had worse I promise."

"And a new eye job, I think we're twins." She jokes darkly, and she's right, we have almost identical bruises under our eyes.

"I'm sorry that Rick started something, I didn't mean to tell him, it just came out after Pete came by the house. Your husband sure knew what buttons to push to set Rick on edge. It just came out in the moment. Rick said he'd keep it between us and not do anything, but then the run happened and we lost someone. I saw him before the fight and I knew he was on a rampage, I just didn't expect him to attack Pete in his own house."

"That's not exactly how it happened." Jessie says hesitantly, then she proceeds to tell me everything, and I groan and go slack-jaw at parts of the story. Rick sure had some nerve making a bold move like that. and I was torn between happy that my brother was opening his heart up again, but I'm pissed that he tried it with a married woman. It was kinda hypocritical of him. "Then they started fighting and you know the rest."

"I'm sorry he put you in that position, he had no right."

"I guess, in truth I'm a little glad he did, because he was right, Pete would have killed me eventually, maybe even went after my kids. But I wish I had been brave from the start."

"It's a hard thing to deal with, and a hard thing to keep away from. The last guy who hurt me Daryl almost beat the crap out of him." I say with a giggle, remembering how Daryl at lost his shit at the farm when I told him what Shane had done. I could laugh at it now. But then I paled, "Oh God, Daryl is gonna be pissed." I say with wide eyes, images of Daryl breaking into the house Rick is at and beating him up some more.

"Maybe you can just tell him what happened, I mean, you don't seem too upset, you know it was an accident."

"I know that, but I also know it wont matter too much to Daryl, accident or not, Daryl is, at least, going to punch him, maybe even shoot him." I say with a groan as I think about another shit storm that is on the horizon. Even if we got the Rick hurtle solved, the Daryl one would be a different story. "I think I'm going to run away to an island, build a big wall, and only talk to people when I want to."

"I'll come with; I'll just stay away from you." Jessie giggles. "I'm sorry I came in here guns blazing, I was just mad. This wasn't how I planned on spending my day." She says as she stands up. "I'll swing by later, I have to check on my kids." She squeezes my hand and walks softly out the door.

Quiet falls over the house again, I close my eyes again and prop my feet up on the coffee table, relaxing into the softness, then I hear the front door open again, and shut heavily behind whoever walked into the house this time. I huff out a breath as a large hand harshly shakes my shoulder. "Kelly, you know you can't sleep." Merle says as he shakes me.

"I'm not asleep." I snap as I slap his hand away. "And thank you for making my head worse you dick." I grump at him as he flops down beside me.

"Just making sure, my brother is gonna pissed enough when he comes back, but if you die on my watch he'll be even more pissed."

"I don't even want to think about your brother right now. He's gonna kill Rick, if Deanna doesn't beat him to it."

"That's what I came to talk to you about, Maggie got back from talking to Deanna. She is going to have a meeting tonight, something about informing the masses of what happened and some kind of group vote."

"How democratic of her. But it doesn't swing the gate in Rick's favor. He's been a little crazy since we got here." I lay my head back against the couch and close my eyes. "I think we made a big mistake leaving Georgia. It's like nothing has gone right since we left." I let out a shaky breath and try to not focus on the pounding that was still driving me crazy. I hadn't been in this much pain in a while, I don't even think the injuries I had when I left Terminus hurt this much. Merle is very quiet beside me, if I thought Daryl was bad with feelings Merle was worse. "Just ignore me," I say, giving him a get-out-of-jail card, "traumatic head injury. Makes me all emotional and stuff."

"Everything will be fine Kelly. And I'll make sure Daryl doesn't kill your brother when he gets back." I heard Merle get up and when the door shut closed behind him I let my body slide to the left and I curl up on the couch, pulling the blanket from the back of the couch over my body. Concussion or no, I was exhausted. And if I fell asleep I fell asleep.

A soft shake roused me from my sleep; I blink a few times at the sun that was at lower in the sky than it was earlier. I look up and I saw Rick. He looked pale and tired and very remorseful. "Are you okay?" I ask as I sit up on the couch after a few seconds of silence between us.

"I think I should ask you that." he says, walking around to sit beside me on the couch. "Kelly, I am so sorry. I just, I dropped the ball and I…" he stops talking and grabs my hand. "I never meant to hurt you. And I didn't mean what I said to you out there. I never blamed you for what happened with Phillip, and I never held that against you."

Rick its okay. All that Phillip stuff is water under a bridge that is very far away. In truth I shouldn't have told you about Pete and Jessie in the first place. She asked me not too, but you know me, always sticking my nose where it doesn't belong. We both screwed up, and I'm gonna be there beside you during the meeting or whatever it is Deanna has planned. And what you did wasn't wrong, helping someone in a situation like that is never wrong, just go about it a better way next time."

"The thing is, I'm not sorry for what I did, or said. You know these people aren't ready, for anything. I mean, they can't even do supply runs. Noah shouldn't have died, Abraham shouldn't have had to risk his life because the rest of them…., they have something great here and they're just gonna let it fall."

I smile at Rick and gently squeeze his hand that's holding mine. "I love you Rick, and I trust you, but as far as whatever is it you have planned for this place, taking it over or just training them to be better, it's okay if you keep me in the dark. I kinda like this place, minus all the crap that's happened and I'd like to stay."


The rest of my day was a steady stream of people and Rosita occasionally coming in to poke the back of my head. I only had a few minutes of sleep and I was getting irritated, but I was grateful at the same time, made the time go by and our minds off the meeting. I had a feeling that if this meeting didn't swing in Rick's favor that something was going to happen, I didn't know what, and that is was stung. Rick disappeared for a few hours, but came back looking a little less like a wounded puppy. Lunch was light and quiet as the sun set even lower in the sky. Soon our group parted, each doing whatever they felt like they needed to do. I saw Abraham walk over to where Tara was being taken care of; I also knew Eugene was over there, so maybe they'd talk out their issues. Our group had to be united when whatever happened, happened.

It was time to start; I walked with the rest of our group to where the meeting was going down. Several minutes passed and Rick still hadn't shown up, and I could see the annoyance on Michonne's face. Glenn wasn't present either, something that was a little concerning, but Maggie didn't seem too worried about it. So it grew darker and Deanna called the meeting to start.

I had flashbacks to all the court sessions I had to go through when I was younger, minus the fact there were no lawyers. We all were able to stand up and speak our peace without any interruptions. Maggie almost made me cry, Abraham almost made me laugh, Michonne was a mix of honesty and cold logic, even referencing what we had went through with The Governor to drive her point's home. The prison and Georgia felt like a life-time ago. I opted not to say anything, mostly because I didn't know what to say, so I sat beside Abraham and gripped his arm through the whole process.

"Before we hear from anyone else, I would like to share something in the spirit of transparency." There was something about her tone of voice and her body language that was setting me on edge. "Father Gabriel came to see me the day before yesterday and he said our new arrivals cant be trusted, that they were dangerous, that they would put themselves before this community." And just like that, my low-key nervousness was replaced with slow-boiling anger and annoyance. Gabriel and I had never seen eye to eye. My first impression of him was the he was a coward and very helpless, and then he had taken Carol's side. I still hadn't been able to move passed that with him and I had avoided him in almost everyway possible. In fact I don't think he was even at our pancake breakfast a few days ago. And now this jerk was throwing dirt at the people who saved his pathetic life? "And not one day later, Rick seemed to demonstrate all the things Father Gabriel said. I had hoped he would have been here tonight."

"I don't see him here, Deanna." Jessie says, "So you're just saying what someone else might have said? Did you tape him?"

"He's not here." Maggie says.

"Neither is Rick." Deanna responds.

I stand up without meaning too, but I wasn't just going to sit and let a man like Gabriel drag my brother and my family though the mud. "Before you decide to listen to someone, maybe you should understand who they are. Gabriel is not a good man, or a reliable one. Did you know he got over thirty people killed?" the gasps and murmurs of the crowd was just what I wanted to hear. "He locked the doors of his church and wouldn't let his congregation in. they were seeking refuge from the dead and the man who was supposed to save them locked them out. They were killed, ripped apart and eaten by the dead. The same monsters that you people don't seem to even acknowledge, the same monsters that will rip everyone apart if given the chance."

"Father Gabriel is not on trial here." Deanna says. "Besides, we don't punish actions done outside our community. Gabriel's actions were before us, we are focusing on Rick and what he did to us. Our community." Abraham grabbed my arm and pulled me back down, whispering "easy tiger." As he did so. Maggie gave me a small smile before excusing herself. Abraham kept a grip on my arm as a few people spoke the concerns they had and what they felt about what Rick did. Most of them just felt a bit nervous and scared about what Rick had done and said. These people weren't used to someone waving a gun in their faces.

"I just want to keep my family safe." A random man from Alexandria spoke, "And I don't even know what that means anymore. But if it means that we've got to get rid of-."

The loud sound of footsteps sounded loud over the crowd and then Rick stepped out of the shadows, a body draped over his shoulder, as he stepped by the fire and I saw his face I stood up and stared at his blood covered face and clothes, he dropped a dead walker on the ground in front of us all. Several people gasp, a few small screams, and then silence. All eyes lock on my brother and all he does is look around at us for a few moments. He was out of breath and looked a little crazy. I held my breath as he started talking, his voice harsh and all too familiar, sounding like he did after the farm fell and he challenged us all to walk away from him.

"There wasn't a guard on the gate. It was open." After a short conversation between the man who was supposed to be on the gate and Deanna Rick continued. His voice sounding very familiar, like it did after the farm fell and he challenged us all to leave and find something better. And it was still very scary. "I didn't bring it in. it got inside on its own. They always will- the dead and the living, because we're in here. And the ones out there they'll hurt us. They'll find us. They'll try to use us. They'll try to kill us. But we'll kill them. We'll survive. I'll show you how."

He stops for a few seconds, his voice changes, becomes less erratic as he looks around at the gathered people. "You know, I was thinking—I was thinking how many of you do I have to kill to save your lives?" he pauses again, and he softens even more. "But I'm not gonna do that. You're going to change. I'm not sorry for what I said last night. I'm sorry for not saying it sooner. You're not ready, but you have to be. Luck runs out. For all of us."

Out from behind the wall Pete comes brailing out, yelling loudly and he was a sword in his hand, his eyes wide and even from this distance they send a shock of fear through me. "You're not one of us!" he shouts over and over. And soon the meeting place is thrown in chaos. Reg is trying to calm Pete down, Deanna is yelling and Pete is yelling. Trying to calm Pete down and calm the situation down. But like what usually happens, the situation got worse before it got better and Pete somehow drew the sword enough to slice Reg's neck open.

Deanna's screams overcome the yelling, and Pete is pinned to the ground and Deanna is holding the dying body of her husband. Her cries are heart wrenching and I felt my eyes burning at her cries, and I didn't even like her that much. But Reg was a good man who didn't deserve to die this way.

Pete's yells are softer now, muffled by the way he was being pinned to the ground, but even with all the noise I still see Deanna look at Rick and say, "Rick, do it."

Almost in slow motion, I see Rick point his gun and Pete, and with no hesitation and all understanding, he shoots Pete in the head. I jump at the loud noise and my already sensitive ears ring causing my still hurting head to pound even more. Lights flash behind my eyes and they disappear about the same time I feel my knees buckle. Strong arms and a sensation of falling is all the warning I get before everything goes dim.


I wake up somewhere I hadn't really been too before. I know it's the infermery, but I had never actually been inside it before. If I thought my head hurt before, it was worse now. The light hurts my eyes and I still feel the tiny man picking away at my skull. I turn my head with a groan and I smile at the sight that greets me. Daryl is, somehow, sitting in a chair beside me. he's leaning so far down that his lower back seems to be where his butt should be and his head is pressed so far into his chest I'm surprised he can breath, but the sounds he's making indicates it's not easy for his lungs to get air from his position. His arms are hanging limply on his thighs, his knuckles look no worse than usual, so maybe he hasn't gone after Rick yet, or maybe he didn't know yet, and his legs are spread as far apart as possible, helping him with his balance.

"Hey, you're up." a voice to my left catches my attention and I'm surprised to see Glenn laying in one of the beds across the room, beside him is an Alexandrian that Glenn had been having issues with, and Tara is in the bed to my far right.

"What happened to you?" I ask, my voice gravely and my throat is dry.

"Walkers, long story. But you, jeeze, nothing like a concussion to brighten your day."

"You know me, life was getting too boring."

"You missed all the excitement. Your brother is running the show again. After what happened Deanna just….gave up I guess. Realized what Rick was saying or she's just too broken to deal with things now. So we're back in business I guess."

"I have a feeling the three of us aren't going to be doing too much business at the moment."

"Especially with your busted head." Daryl says, his voice clearly groggy from sleep. I turn my head and smile at him.

"Hey you." I say as I reach my hand out and touch his leg. "Have you heard when I can get out of here?"

"As soon as the new doctor says you can go. She should be here soon. In the meantime you are staying right there."

There is a short time between Daryl's orders and the new doctor, a woman named Denise who didn't look overly confident in her new role, but she was gentler with me than Rosita had been more looking than poking at me. Glenn, the Alexandrian, and I were free to leave as soon as we ate breakfast. I munched down the eggs and toast faster than I should have since it made my stomach churn, but I was ready to get out of the infirmary, since I had apparently been there for two days.

Daryl gave me a run down on what had happened; Deanna had given Rick full control of Alexandria, and so far everything had run smoothly. Pete and Reg had been buried, Gabriel had almost been killed by Sasha and Maggie had helped him work through his demons and apparently he was trying to gain our forgiveness for his actions, and he told me of the trap him and Aaron had stumbled across, more of the carved Ws and how he had found Morgan, who Daryl was surprised I knew. I had slept through the drama and confusion that usually followed a change in leadership and people facing death like that for the first time.

I wondered how Jessie and the kids were doing, I wondered how Rick was doing, I wondered about a lot of things. But I didn't ask Daryl specifics about anything else. I was still surprisingly tired and Daryl was too, so we walked hand in hand back to the house. But it wasn't quiet like I had been expecting, but it was full, all of our group was there, sitting around the living room, discussing plans to make Alexandria better. Rick sees us as we walk in an scoots down the couch, as Carl and Rosita move to grab different chairs for them to sit in. Daryl and I sit down on the couch, Rick on one side, Daryl on the other.

Papers were scattered across the coffee table, maps and blueprints, even a few hand drawings were among them. It wasn't the first time we had had a meeting like this. I remember one similar when we were at the prison. We talked about expanding, making levels to the city, stockpiling provisions, expanding the farmland, getting an alternative water supply. I could help but smile as I looked around at my family. Rick had been in control for just a day and already he was looking towards making things better, more secure. I wrap my arm around Daryl's as we join in the conversation.


NOTE: I'm sorry this is so short and not very good, but I'm not kidding when I say my muse is gone. I hate that my passion for this story has kind of fizzled out. There is still the epilogue to look forward too, and hopefully that will take the sting out of this sucky chapter.

>