

This is something that has been going around in my mind it is between season 1 and 2. There has always been suggestions that something happened between Lawson and Kerry between the 2 seasons even though it was never shown.

This is more Kerry based than other characters Grace has died still.

Rated T for sex scenes and for later on.

OOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooooooooooooooooo

Hearing the doctors words I'm sorry she didn't need him to continue she knew what was coming, for weeks it was what she wanted wasn't it, now it had finally happened wasn't she meant to feel relieved instead she felt numb she felt nothing. The rest of the words from the doctor a blur all that remained was those two words I'm sorry.

Watching as he walks out a single tear falling down her cheek was it only 5 weeks ago that her world started to fall apart that she had kept the secret hidden, that she walked into the doctors surgery hoping against hope what she thought wasn't true that she was wrong, instead she heard that word, why did they all have to say that, he got it so wrong then and now this all happened. Rubbing her hand across her eyes wiping away the tears she was not going to break down she had kept it to herself all this time and she would keep it still.

….


THREE MONTHS EARLIER.


Sitting at the table the applicants spread out upon the table before them "we need a female to balance out the team" looking at Kerry "it can be too competitive with two females" shaking her head at Lawson "team balance".

Holding out one of the applicants "this one stands out she has done training with Special operations, negotiation training I think she will fit in well". Looking at the folder Kerry gave him the name standing out Shannon Henry, closing it, grabbing another folder reading it "there are a few good candidates here, I still think another male" shaking her head her voice firm " there is too much male testosterone as it is, it is a female that is non negotiable" picking up the folder "you haven't even read anything about her" looking up at Lawson "do you know her?" shaking his head he wouldn't admit it "you know what special ops people are like" a smirk on her face "already trained someone you can't turn into what you want" giving a small laugh at her "this coming from someone who has no idea of what being part of a team is, do I have to remind you" rolling her eyes at him "we had the best possible outcome with Bobby, it wouldn't hurt you to admit that …. And I am never wrong" picking up the folder with Shannon's name on it "this time you are, I don't think she is the right person, there are plenty of applicants there" raising her eyes at Lawson walking over to the bench grabbing the bottle of wine.

Rubbing her hands over her eyes the bottles of wine nearly empty not much closer to agreeing or making a decision, this shouldn't be taking so long picking up the folder "I am going to call Shannon Henry for an interview" shaking his head he can't tell Kerry the truth. Leaning towards Lawson she is going to find out why he didn't want the best out of all of them "unless you give me one good reason why you don't want her on the squad, why don't you want to even meet her, do you know what she is like, have you met her before?" looking at Kerry he can't tell her the truth he didn't want Shannon on the squad "yes I have met her before, and she isn't someone you want on the squad" seeing here blue eyes staring into his the intensity she has in them a small smile on her face, he could imagine what she is thinking and probably not far off, damn her "why?, her resume is good and I think she will be a good fit in this team" shaking his head at her "don't say I didn't warn you" looking at Lawson sitting near her "let's just see what she is like" shrugging damn her, she always got her own way "as long as you interview more than her"

Bringing over another bottle of wine, why was Lawson disagreeing on Shannon, there was something there, his ex girlfriend as much as she wants to find out more not pushing it, rubbing her hand across her face bringing her arms back "this shouldn't take this long I'll make a short list and we'll start interviewing them in a couple of days and Shannon is going to be on that list" looking at Kerry even in casual clothes her hair hanging loosely down to her shoulders dressed casually she was attractive there was something between them that neither had acted on even if she was infuriating shaking his head how much had he to drink, a smile on his face "After you have interviewed Shannon and others you will see I am right and there is someone better for the job than her" raising her eyes at him "I am never wrong Lawson you on the other hand"

Putting the folders back on the table putting her feet up on the coffee table pouring herself more wine, handing Lawson a glass "Gracie was a bloody good officer, if there was only something different we could of done that day" Glancing at Kerry he knew her death had hit her hard "none of us knew about that second bomb, there were so many weird things happening that day" shrugging staring straight ahead that was no excuse she was the team leader and had failed her team "maybe we should have, we are an elite team it was all a bit too easy"

The bottle empty walking to the fridge leaning down having a look, feeling Lawson behind her "I'm going now" closing the door looking up at him nodding his face so close to hers "see you tomorrow"

Looking at Kerry she was attractive and there was something simmering there for a while, seeing her eyes trained on his, searching his, scanning through them, neither of them moving. As if in slow motion their mouths moving towards each other as their lips find each other.

Feeling arms draped across her chest wrapped tightly around her opening her eyes up slowly memories of the night before flooding through a smile on her face turning around slowly facing Lawson feeling his hands on her stomach looking up at him seeing his eyes meeting hers as his lips come down to meet hers her arms wrapping around his neck pulling him closer to her.

Lying on the bed a few hours later feeling Lawson stroking the top of her head the sheets in a mess barely covering them turning to face him resting on her elbows "do you want me to go" staring into his eyes shaking her head she didn't' want him to go her voice soft "no I want you to stay" seeing a smile on his face as she leans down to kiss him.

Glancing at Kerry's clock his eyes widening "all of this has made me hungry. Fancy something to eat, I'll go and get us something" sitting up next to him "we can order something in" his eyes looking at Kerry hungrily "then dessert" smiling at Lawson "or we can start with dessert" feeling his arms around her pulling her towards him "I like the sound of that"

OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoooo

Hearing the alarm go off turning to face Lawson a smile on her face, he had spent the whole weekend at her house, the memories there, getting up briefly to eat and have a shower before ending up back in bed again. Looking up at Lawson reaching for his lips "you need to go, or you will be late" feeling Kerry's lips upon her "Think I will be late" feeling Kerry's hands on his chest pushing him gently away "Lawson, get out of here" getting up "I need a shower anyway" seeing the hopeful look on his face "go" walking over kissing him quickly "I'll see you at work"

Leaning against the shower feeling the water running over her, what is she doing, the past 3 nights amazing, was it more, was it anything more than a fling, was it the start of anything, they hadn't discussed it they hadn't talked much at all, it was wonderful what was going to happen now.

Walking into the locker room a spring in his step, the last 3 nights amazing, never did he think when he went around to Kerry's on the Friday night that this would happen. Closing his locker turning around seeing Stella watching him "Good weekend hey Lawson" smile on his face not answering her he felt alive was it the start of something, did she want more, a smile on his face he know he does to see where it goes.

Looking at her phone buzzing Lawson's name flashing up on her screen, she had purposely arrived later as she didn't want to see him before work, opening up the message a smile on her face.

Hearing Lawson's phone buzz again turning to look at him a smile on Stella's face "who is sending you all these messages, Lawson has a girlfriend" a small smile on his face not giving anything away would he call Kerry his girlfriend he had no idea, all he knew was he wanted to spend more time with her and see where it went.

Hearing Kerry's phone buzz again looking around at her "who's sending you all these messages" raising her eyes at him a smile on her face she did want to be with Lawson again did he want more was it only sex or was it leading to something more

>