


Note: So... here's some more Icelandic!Exchange Student!Hiccup with some random Icelandic tossed in to make you think. ;) I hope you enjoy reading, even though it's not Christmas anymore.



Also, the Þ character is pronounced like th- as in the or Thor!



I own nothing!



Christmas was definitely different from what Hiccup and his father celebrated in Iceland.

His dad was a very festive person so every year since even before Hiccup had been born he'd been one of the men to dress up as one of the thirteen jólasveinn. Hiccup had early memories of crying in his mother's arms as a tiny hook pilfered one of the sausages they hung in the hearth for
Ketkrókur
on St. Þorlákur's Day. Other years, Stoic would dress as
Gluggagækir
, peeping in the window and scaring poor little Hiccup into her arms once again. Hiccup cried a lot when he was a toddler during Christmas time.

Well, Hiccup cried a lot period.

Christmas in America with his host family was completely different. They didn't leave shoes at the window or waited for elves to come steal things or leave presents, but they hung stockings over the mantelpiece and their tree was huge, scraping the ceiling and so covered in tinsel and baubles that it sagged.

Even dinner was a new experience. A giant turkey sat in the middle of the table on Christmas night, not Christmas Eve. Green beans in some kind of white sauce and cranberry jelly were also stars at the meal. They said a prayer and Hiccup mumbled under his breath so he didn't feel left out or seem rude, then Val's husband carved the bird and they had a nice family meal with lots of talking and much passing of plates.

Jack came over the day after Christmas and Hiccup asked him questions about his own Christmas. Was it the same as what he'd experienced last night?

"Well, my dad's Russian, so we leave our shoes at the door on Christmas Eve and the next morning if we were bad we get sticks in them or if we were good we get candy." Jack leaned in to Hiccup, holding a hand over his mouth with a smirk. "One year, as a joke, Dad put a huge branch in my sister's shoe. She ended up crying, but the face she made before was hilarious."

"Do you put socks on mantel?" Hiccup asked one they'd both stopped laughing long enough to get a few breaths in. "Val did, but I don't understand why."

"Oh, yeah. Well I don't understand why we do it either, it's just what everyone does." Jack shrugged. "What do you do in Iceland?"

"We put shoes in window and
jólasveinar
put presents in them. There thirteen and we eat big meal on Christmas Eve. But no socks. On Twelfth Night we dance with elves and trolls at festival." Oh Gods, that sounded really cheesy. Dancing with trolls. But it was the truth!

Jack laughed and Hiccup blushed. "That sounds amazing! Our family just visits and we open presents and eat dinner. Your Christmas sounds way funner."

"I like it too."

"But did you like your American Christmas? It was probably boring compared to yours, but…"

"I liked it. Val cooked huge meal and we had gifts."

"Well, it was probably nothing like dancing with elves, but if you liked it…" Jack smiled a huge smile, nudging Hiccup in the ribs. The two boys laughed. "Hey, you gotta come see the fireworks on New Year's."

"Fireworks?"

"Yeah, the fire station puts on a huge display every Year and everyone comes to watch. It's kinda lame, but since it's your first time here and all, I just, yanno, thought you'd might want to see it."

Hiccup smiled. "Yeah. I'd like to."

"Great! I'll call Val in a couple days, so be ready!"

The last couple days of 2013 dragged on, yet at the same time, seemed to fly by. On the 31st, Val was called by Jack, just as planned, asking Hiccup to come meet him and their group at the stop sign at the end of the street.

Val fussed and wrapped two scarves around Hiccup and shoving a thermos of hot cocoa into his jacket pocket. "You never know when you might need some warming up," she said in a motherly manner before shooing Hiccup out the door with a smile and a promise to be home by one.

"Yo, Hiccup!" Jack shouted from down the road as soon a Hiccup had shut the front door. The Icelander smiled shyly and waved. "Hurry up!"

The fire station had tons of flexi-chairs set up in the field behind their building as well as a small make-shift stage used for displaying the rows and rows of fireworks to go off at midnight. Sparklers were being handed out to children and adults and hot cocoa and cookies were being sold to raise money to send to the Burgess soup kitchen so they could renovate for a new kitchen.

Anna and Other Anna fussed over the inevitable cavities as they stuffed themselves with the cookies and Bunny stood with them in comfortable indifference. Sandy was signing his gibberish, too excited for the fireworks to bother making sense and Jack was telling Hiccup all about the different buildings on either side of the field and other traditions Burgess held.

"You don't have to be so shy, Hic," Jack said as he waved to little Jamie and his baby sister as their mother led them away. Hiccup had smiled silently, trying to seem interested in what Jack was discussing with the exuberant child, but failing horribly to mask his awkwardness. "You'll probably be the talk of the town long after you go home."

Oh great; a whole other town talking about how weird he was. Whoopee.

"Lots of people here haven't ever left town before so it's pretty cool to meet someone from someplace as cool as Iceland."

At that, Hiccup burst into laughs and started hiccupping. Jack gave him an odd look, but also burst out laughing.

"Iceland not cool. It is cold," Hiccup said between wheezes.

Jack snorted. "No, I mean, it's awesome. You know, cool, not cold. Wait…"

Hiccup took a few deep breaths to calm down. He was now flushed a bright red. "O-Oh. I-I didn't know what you meant."

"Naw, it's fine. Hey, look!" Jack pointed towards the small stage. "They're gonna shoot some off early! Let's go find a place to sit down." He grabbed Hiccup's arm and dragged him through the crowd, to the back so they could get a full view of the pyrotechnics.

"Have you seen fireworks before, Hic?" Jack asked as the two sat on a rock, just high enough off the ground that they didn't get wet from the soppy snow.

Hiccup nodded. "We have them at festivals."

"Cool. So you guys dance to elves under fireworks?" Jack gave Hiccup a playful smirk. He nudged the boy in the ribs, smiling.

The first rocket went off with a loud bang and whistle. It exploded with a crackle and the firework bloomed into a huge red flower.

"So, have you liked Burgess so far?" Jack asked after the echo faded some. "I mean, is it as good as you thought or worse?"

"It's good. Better than home sometimes."

"You don't really ever talk about your home."

"It's not bad, just quiet. I live on island near coast, er… Isle of Berk. Tiny, wet, quiet." Hiccup shrugged. "Not much. We fish for money and food."

"What's your dad like? Is he like, some Viking king?" Jack said with a laugh.

"He's big." Hiccup motioned with his hands both width and height. "Big and tall. He calls me
talmynd fiskur bein
. Talking fish bone." He pinched his fingers together. "I'm small."

Jacked guffawed, attracting some weird stares from the other people watching the fireworks. "That's hilarious, man. Talking fish bone. But it's better than Twinkle Toes.

"I have cat," Hiccup said after a few minutes. "I miss him."

"That sucks, dude," Jack said, patting his shoulder. "What's his name?"

"
Tannlaus
. Toothless." He smiled wistfully.

"Does he really not have any teeth?"

Hiccup shook his head. "When he was baby, not anymore. Fangs are sharp. He thinks he's dragon."

The two boys chatted, watching the explosions and laughing amiably as they sat on the small rock.

It was nearing one a.m. and Jack suddenly turned his body towards Hiccup, a serious look on his face. "Hey, Hiccup?"

"Hmm?"

Jack was twirling his fingers and shifting from side to side and acting very not like Jack. "I'm really glad we met."

"Me too. America is nice." Hiccup smiled awkwardly.

"Yeah. Um… A-Actually, the reason I wanted you to come with me tonight, you know, other than to watch the fireworks and all… um… heh. I-I—You see, I might like you a little more than say… Bunny. Right? So, um, I wanted to spend time with you; just you, you see? So I asked you here and now we're here and sitting here and—"

Hiccup put up a hand. "I don't understand. Talk slow."

"Oh, yeah. Hah." Jack took a breath. "Okay. So, I might like you like, like-like you. You understand?"

"Like-like?" Hiccup rose an eyebrow. He'd never heard of that one before. Maybe it was slang. He shook his head. "No. I don't understand."

Jack let out an awkward, cracked sigh-laugh hybrid and tried to explain again before all courage left him. "I like you like more than a friend, Hiccup. As in, boyfriend-girlfriend, just without the girlfriend part."

"So you like me as boy friend?" Hiccup was still confused as ever. Had Jack just realized he was a male? Americans were nice, but gods were they incompetent.

"Yes! Like, you know," Jack meshed his fingers together. "Like, together. Us, together. Holding hands and junk."

"Oh!" Hiccup smacked his forehead. "Together! You mean like husband and wife!"

"Yes!" Jack nearly shouted. "I mean, you know, if that doesn't gross you out or anything and if you still want to be friends and all."

"No one has ever wanted me like husband."

"W-Well, maybe not that far ahead, but I've thought of together."

Hiccup smiled like he always did, lopsided and awkward. "I think that's nice. But, how do relationship work? I live in Iceland. I leave soon."

"W-Well, we could do long-distance. People do that! At least, in the movies, they do. We could write letters or Skype."

"Skype is internet, yes?"

"Yes. You have video feed or instant message."

"We don't have internet very long on Berk. Only on mainland."

"Well, letters could be good. And we could set up dates for using Skype!"

"You thought a lot about this."

Jack nodded ardently. "Tons, actually. But, does that mean you're saying yes?"

"Maybe. No one ask before so I don't know how to say yes."

"Well, yes would be a good start."

"Alright." Hiccup shrugged bashfully. "Yes. I'll be with you like husband and wife."

Jack gave a mighty whoop and a few people nearby glanced with half-interest over until the next firework went off, lighting up the sky, then he leaned over and planted a quick smooch on Hiccup's temple.

The Icelander flushed a dark, rosy red and stuttered out something like a thank you.

>