


Pending Gift - II


Take place during
Abhijeet ke ateet ka raaz.




Mumbai CID Bureau


Acp was too shocked to respond, he couldn't believe his ears, actually no-one else did. They couldn't believe what they heard just fraction of moments ago. They all have never thought that they have to face this situation in their life. After being attached to each other for almost 15 years they were all like family and with this they never thought any one of them leaving each other. They blinked their eyes and alerted their senses to get the things rite and to verify that they were not hallucinating.

"sir, yeh raha mere istefa.." he spoke again determinedly.

Acp looked shockingly at him, he gasped " yeh kya keh rahe ho tum Abhijeet?"

" Sir, main theek keh raha huin..Main ab CID main nhi reh sakta..yeh raha mere istefa" and Abhijeet pressed his resignation letter in Acp's hand who took it hesitatingly.

"Abhijeet, yeh sab kya hain? Tum hosh main toh ho?" Acp asked furiously trying hard to keep his tone normal.

"haan Sir, main pore hosh main huin aur main jo bhi kar ah huin woh sahi kar aha huin Sir. Aur wasie bhi Sir, ek pagal ko CID officer bana ke koi haq nhi" Abhijeet replied in hurt tone.

Daya who was witnessing this was no doubt shock by his best friend sudden decision; he couldn't understand what made Abhijeet to think that and to decide of quitting CID, so he started convincing him.

"Abhijeet, dekh dost, yeh kye keh raha hain? Kissne kaha tujhse aisa? Dekh main medical help le lenge aur tu theek ho jayega par yeh istefa mat de.."

"Daya, main pagal huin yeh kissine kah toh nhi, per main janta huin ki aap sabko mujhse problem hain, aur main nhi chatha ki mere pagalpan se aapko koi takleef huin ya sharmandgi mehsus karni pade, isliye mere liye aur apke leiye yeh behtar hoga ki main CID chod duin.." and by saying this Abhijeet started walking towards bureau door. Seeing Abhijeet walking away, Daya moved forward and held his hand firmly and made him face him. He pleaded him.

" Abhijeet, aaj tak maine tujhse kabhi kuch nhi manga..par yeh jeed chod de..yeh istefa wapas le le..aisa bewkoofi mat kar..hum sab.." but before Daya could say, Abhijeet jerked his hand away forcefully leaving Daya and the rest of the officers shocked.

" Daya tum mujhe naa samjaho toh behtar rahega.." Abhijeet threatened him and walked away. The rest of the members were too shocked to respond to the situation. On the other hand Abhijeet really felt guilty to do this but he knew he have to do this, so that others don't have to suffer due to his illness, as he moved out a lone tear escaped from the corner of his eyes which went unnoticed by all of them except her who just happened to come bureau at that time to collect some file. She glanced at Abhijeet who was still standing in bureau's exit door, she stared at him and then back to the team who were looking at him with mixed expressions, she knew from their look that something must have gone terribly wrong; she looked again at Abhijeet, who was trying very hard to control his tears. Abhijeet felt her gaze on him so he turned away his face and walked pass by her without answering her. Tarika who was also astounded by his act continued to look at him until he completely vanished from her sight. Daya headed forward and stood next to Tarika who was still thinking about it.

Daya: pata nhi Abhijeet ko kya huwa hain? Jab se use chaunt aayi hain ajeeb tareke se bartwa kar aha hain..ho na ho yeh sab uss Maya ki wajh se ho raha hain, pata nhi kaise dawai de rahi hain use..( Daya spoke suspiciously)

Tarika turned towards Daya, as she was unaware of this name.

Tarika: Maya? Yeh kaun hain?

Daya: Abhijeet ki doctor, abhijeet use treatment le raha hain. ( Daya explained her) Tarika, tum Abhijeet se baat kyu nhi karti, shayad tumhare kuch bat sune..

Tarika: Daya, mujhe nhi lagta ABhijeet mere kuch baat sunega..

Daya: par Tarika, Abhijeet ko samjhna jarori hain..pata nhi kya kar baithe wo..

Tarika: daya, use samjhna toh padega hi, par use pehle mujhe maya se milna hain..kha hain milegi wo..

Daya: uska address hain mere pass, Abhijeet ki diary se liya tha, main deta huin tumne..

Tarika: theek hain.


..


After getting address from Daya, Tarika headed towards Maya's home to have a talk with her. She arrived at Maya's home, it was quite late at night, she rang the bell. After waiting for few mins, a lady, with fair complexion dressed in blue colored kurta with her hair untied opened the door.

Tarika: Maya? ( Tarika asked. To which the lady nodded)

Maya: Dr Tarika, rite?

Tarika: mujhe tumse baat karni hain.

Maya: aao andar aao (maya asked her to get in, Tarika entered and maya followed her.)

Maya: baitho..

Tarika: uski jarurat nhi, main bas tumse itna puchne aayi huin ki tum Abhijeet ki kya treatment kar rahi ho? Use kaunsi medicines prescribe ki hain tumne?

Maya: Tarika, yeh main tumhe nhi bata sakti.

Tarika: kyu?

Maya: kaha nan hi bata sakti, aur wiase bhi Abhijeet mere patient hain, uski kya treatment karni hain yeh main decide karungi, tumhe usski phikar karne ki jarurat nhi hain, samjhi.

Tarika: Maya, manti huin ki Abhjeet tumahre patient hain, par as a Doctor hone ken ate main uss par ki jane wale treatment ke baremain tumne puch skati huin.

Maya: really Tarika? Tum sach main Abhijeet ke baremain mujhse ek Doctor hone ke nate puch rahi ho? Ya kuch aur ..

Tarika: matlab kya hain tumhara? Saaf saaf bolo kya kehna chathi ho..

Maya: main kya kehna chathi huin yeh na samjhne ki jitni tum bewkoof nhi ho Tarika. Main janti huin ki tum Abhijeet ke upar kiss rishte se haq jatana chathi huin. Par tumhe bata huin ki Abhijeet tumahre baremain aisa kuch nhi sochta huin, wo bas tumne as a colleague hi dekhta hain, koi pyaar wyar ka nata nhi hain use tumse.

Tarika: Maya, Abhijeet mere baremain kya sochta hain, kya nhi yeh baat mujhe tumse jane ki jarorat nhi hain, wo main tumse acha janti huin, theek hain ( Tarika answered smilingly) aur raha sawal mere aur Abhijeet ke bich ke rishte ka, toh wo samjhne keliye tum kaafi nadan ho, infact humare rishta kya hain yeh tumahre samjh se bahar hain, toh uskeliye uss baremain utna sochne ki jarurat nhi hain.

Tarika's words sparked angered in Maya, she was pissed off the way Tarika told her.

Maya: Tarika tum..

Tarika: Shant ho jaya Maya,tumhe gusa dene ka mere bilkul bhi irada nhi tha, main tumse yaha bas Abhijeet ke treatment ke baremin baat karne aayi thi, par..(paused) khair..koi baat nhi ..Main chalti huin..

As Tarika was about to leave, she noticed Abhijeet coming out from one of the rooms, seeing Tarika in Maya's house, Abhijeet was shocked, so was Tarika to found him there, seeing this scene Maya's smile broadened)

Abhijeet (gasped) Tarika tum yaha. Yaha kya kar rahi ho?

Before Tarika could answer, Maya interrupted.

Maya: tumahra haal chal puchne aayi thi. Ya phir dekhne aayi thi ki tum zinda ho ya nhi..

Abhijeet: Tarika, yaha se chali jao, fauran..(abhijeet ordered)

Tarika knew that Abhijeet is saying those things due to the drug effect so she decided to remain calm. Seeing Tarika silent urged maya to speak out.

Maya: suna nhi tumne Tarika, Abhijeet ne kya kaha? (she said smilingly)

Without bothering Maya's taunts Tarika turned to Abhijeet.

Tarika: Abhijeet, main bas yaha islsiye ayi thi kyunki hum sabko tumahri phikar thi, par tumhare baat snukar aisa lagta hain jaise tumhe abhi kuch samjhna theek nhi hoga, infact uss samjhne ka koi fayda nhi hoga, issiliye jyada kuch kahungi nhi tumse, bas itna kahungi ki dhyan rakhna aapna, tumhe aapne kaun aur paraye kaun yeh jald samjh aajaye bas yeh dua hain bhagwan se. (saying this Tarika walked away leaving Abhijeet and Maya alone)

Abhijeet (thinking) I'm sorry Tarika, I know tum aur baaki sab hurt huwe hain mujhse, par ab bas thoda hi waqt bacha hain, main sab theek kar dunga.


…


After the whole fiasco and arresting Abhay and the rest of the members and Maya's death, Abhijeet confessed that he was only pretending to be with them in order to know their plan. Abhijeet was once again welcomed back to the team after he realized that he never killed anyone and the man who he assumed to be dead is another CID officer and is alive. After apologizing to Daya and Acp and also the rest of the team, Abhijeet felt relieved but he knew that he has still one person to whom he should apologize so he moved towards her home. He rang the bell and waited till the door gets opened, soon the door opened and she was standing in front of him. She was wearing a plain white colored kurta with some green embroidery on it with black leggings, her hand was wrapped in bandages since she was succumbed to injuries, her hair were tied in a bun. Seeing Abhijeet at her door step shocked her, but from the look of his face she didn't questioned him and welcomed him inside, abhijeet entered and occupied a seat on the nearby sofa, Tarika followed him, after she was assured that he has made him comfortable she moved towards kitchen to fetch him water but was stopped when Abhijeet caught her hand, without speaking much he pulled her gently and made her seat on the sofa and himself sat on the ground holding her hands firmly but gently. Tarika was shocked and surprised by his overall instincts but she decided to keep quiet as she realized that it was better to do so. Two-three minutes passed and still they both were silent, Abhijeet was bending his head in shame while Tarika continued to look at him, they both didn't knew what to spoke, but still they felt better in that eerie of silence. Finally Abhijeet managed to utter some words.

"sorry.." he mumbled above a whisper, but Tarika managed to hear it.

"Abh.." but stopped as she realized at that Abhijeet has more to go.

He raised his head so that their eyes see each other.

"I'm sorry for everything, mere wajh se tumhe sab sehen karna pada, tumhari jaan ko bhi khatra huwa, sab mere bewkoofi ki wajh se, mujhe tumhe sab kuch batana chahiye tha Tarika. Aur sab kuch se mere matlab hain SAB KUCH..pata nhi kyu darta hain main tumse kuch kehne keliye, lab main toh sabke samne kaafi kuch keh deta huin par jab tumse kuch kehne ki baari aati hain tab ajeeb sa darr satane lagta hain, pata nhi kyu par lagta hain darr. Yeh darr jayz hain bhi ya nhi janta, par haar baar lagta hain yeh darr. Shayad iss wajh se lagta hain ki kahi main kuch keh du aur tumhe wo baat pasnd na aaye aur agar tum uss baat ka bura manakr mujhse rutkar mujhe duur chali jao..(he looked at Tarika who was silently watching him. So he got embarrassed) dekha kitna pagal huin main, salunkhe sahib theek kehte hain, mere kuch nhi hoga.. (and once again he bend his head in shame)

Tarika: keh do Abhijeet, (listening Tarika's voice Abhijeet raised his head in jerk) aaj mat ruko..aaj dil main joh baat hain keh do..please..

Hearing Tarika's voice somewhat encouraged him, so he heaved a big sigh before speaking his heart out.



" Tarika…iss incomplte life ko pura karne main meri madad karogi.."

he looked straight in her eyes as he finally asked her.

Tarika smiled in spite of herself as she realized he finally said it, she nodded silently, their hands intertwined unknowingly as they made their promise to each other. .


AN



Another OS written long ago now posting, share your views about it.


>