



Disclaimer: All Characters belong to their original owners.






One Shot







Author's Note: I am Handicapped so please bare that in mind if my spelling is off. I use spell checker






Introduction


Duchess and Thomas O'Malley have their own litter of kittens. How will Marie, Berlioz and Toulouse respond to the new family members?



Litter of Kittens



Duchess purrs of Thomas grooms her she was happy it had been a year since they meet. She was really happy with him. She found got two days ago she was pregnant. She just had to tell Thomas that.

"Thomas darling", Duchess says

"Yes?" Thomas asks looking in her eyes

"You're going to be a father", Duchess says

"You mean your, your pregnant?" Thomas asks

"Yes. Are you happy?" Duchess asks

"Yes more than happy. We better tell the others", Thomas says nuzzling her

Duchess nuzzles him back.

"Yes we better. Let's go", Duchess says jumping down from the chair with Thomas by her side\

They tell Marie, Berlioz and Toulouse who were all two years old that they would be having more baby brothers or sisters.

"Mother they won't replace as?" Marie asks

"No they won't. We will make time for all of you", Duchess says nuzzling Marie

"We expect you to be good big brothers and big sister", Thomas says

"We will. As long as you still have time for us", Marie says

"I don't need anyone", Berlioz says

"I know you don't buddy. But we all need someone", Thomas says

"Mother I am hungry", Toulouse says

"Come on then. Let's get some milk", Duchess says leading them to the kitchen where the new butler Charlie Walter was in.

"Do you want some milk?" he asks the cats nicely

They all meow loudly and he chuckles. This family was really a nice family to work for. Duchess drinks a lot she had too for the kittens.



Two months later…



Duchess ate much during her time she was pregnant to keep herself and the kittens healthy. Her owner had taken good care of her. And Thomas made sure she got lots of rest. Now it was 66 days later and she was in labour.

Duchess groaned as another painful contraction. Thomas was a nervous wreck as the kitten's start being born he nearly faints but holds it together for Duchess. The butler says washing the kittens off when they came time it stopped at 5. Butler puts them back down to suckle. Butler leaves the new family as Marie, Berlioz and Toulouse come in to look at the kittens.

"They are really little", Toulouse says

"They are cute", Marie says

"They are. Would you like to know their names?" Duchess asks

"Yes!" the three say

"There are two girls and three boys. The girl that is white is named Mercy. The girl that is orange is Fortune. The white boy is Adair. The white and orange boy is named Bristol and the orange boy is Caelen", Duchess says licking her kittens

"They are perfect", Thomas says nuzzling Duchess

"Yes they are", Duchess says

"When will they be able to play with us?" Berlioz asks

"8 weeks. They need to grow big and strong", Duchess replies

Duchess and Thomas kept to their promise and spent time with all children. Including the older ones. They taught them everything they knew. The kittens adored their older sibling playing hiding and go seek with them. They were a real big happy family. Duchess nuzzles Thomas looking at their kittens running around the yard.

"One big happy family", she whisperers

"Yes one big happy family", Thomas whisperers

They finally had a litter of kittens of their own. Now let the next advantage begin…



Author's Note: What do you think? Please review:)


>