


Hey guys! This
is
the last chapter, but on Friday I'm going to upload the first chapter of the second story in
The Thirst Trilogy
, titled
Sire.
In the next few days I'm revealing the cover, so stay tuned to my twitter and IG, which is IWillBelieveIt on both.



Before they'd even reached the window, Matthew appeared in front of them.

Tom skidded to a stop and put one hand out to stop Aneisha, his other hand reaching for the knife at his belt. Matthew saw the movement and dove for Tom, who dived out of the way. Matthew made a grab for Aneisha, who kicked him in the stomach and followed through by driving the stake in her hands into Matthew's stomach. But the thing was, Matthew wasn't a vampire. A wooden stake wouldn't hurt him the way silver would.

Aneisha realised this even as she stabbed him with the weapon designed for vampires - her brown eyes widened and she stepped back, wracking her brain for something she could do as she watched Matthew pull the stake out and drop it onto the ground. She was supposed to have all this power, but when the time came to use it, she didn't know what to do. Her destiny was to protect the world from vampires, not werewolves.

Aneisha glanced around wildly for some way out, catching sight of Tom creeping around behind Matthew, the knife clutched tightly on his hand. She didn't let her gaze linger on him for too long, instead she looked back at Matthew.

"Matthew, please." Aneisha begged. "You don't have to do this."

"I do." Matthew replied.

"Why? Why do you have to do this?" Aneisha asked.

"I don't know. I just have to." Matthew said. Then he lunged for Aneisha, but he never reached her. Tom shot forward, much faster than he should have and pushed the knife into Matthew's back. Matthew screamed and collapsed on the floor as Tom pulled the knife out, wiping the blood from its blade on his jeans.

"Will he be okay?" Aneisha asked.

Tom nodded. "It wasn't a lethal hit. It'll take a while, but he'll heal."

"How do you know that?" Aneisha asked.

"I . . . Don't know." Tom said. "I just do."

"Must be a Warrior thing." Aneisha said. Before Tom could anwser, a scream cut through the air. Tom grabbed Aneisha's hand and pulled her along after him as he ran towards the open window and climbed through. When Aneisha climbed through after him, she gasped, her hand reaching up to cover her mouth.

William was nowhere to be seen. And there was Dan, crouching beside Zoe, who was lying on the floor and unmoving.



Dan watched the chair fly through the window before he turned back to William, who was glowering at him.



"You must made the wrong choice, Daniel." William said. Without another word, he clamped his hand down on Zoe's wrist, his eyes fixed on Dan's. Zoe whimpered and Dan shot forward, shoving William backwards. William saw it coming and he shoved Zoe away from him and into the wall. Zoe gritted her teeth against the pain as she pulled herself up with her good arm and leaned her back against the wall, watching as Dan and William grappled and fought. At one point, Dan grabbed a large peice of broken glass from the window pane and sliced across William's front with it. William just grabbed the glass from Dan and threw it at him. Dan threw himself to the ground, but that gave William the opportunity to grab him and throw him across the room.



As Dan recovered, William stalked across the room, biting into his wrist as he walked. Zoe tried to get up, but then William was there shoving her back down again. Zoe whimpered as she put weight on her broken wrist, all too aware of what William was doing as one hand gripped the back of her head while he pressed his wrist against her mouth. Zoe had already decided that when William fed her his blood, she wouldn't swallow but instead drown herself with it. Howeverm it was a lot easier to say you were going to forcibly drown yourself when it wasn't happening to you at that moment.



William made an irritated noise and tipped her head back in an attempt to get her to swallow. When she refused to, he stroked the back of her head almost lovingly. "Come on, Zoe. Just swallow. Then you can be alive forever."



Eventually, Zoe's natural instinct to survive won out over her desire to not be a vampire. She choked down the blood and William removed his wrist from her mouth, grabbing her by her broken wrist and yanking her to her feet, pulling her injured arm behind her. Zoe screamed and her eyes filled with tears as her eyes met Dan's. She'd never seen a pain as great as that, because they both knew what would happen next. She'd die.



"Dan, I'm - " Zoe started.



She never got to finish her sentence, because William placed both hands on the sides of Zoe's head and flicked his wrists, citting off whatever she was about to say as she slumped to the floor. Hardly able to believe what had happened, Dan just stared at Zoe's limp body until William disappeared. Dan made no move to follow him - he could no longer find the energy or drive to hate him. All he could feel was the sorrow of what would happen to Zoe next.



Dan knelt down beside Zoe, reaching out and tucking her hair behind her ear. He could almost imagine that she was asleep - except for the fact that he couldn't hear her breathing or her heartbeat.

Dan collapsed on the floor and pulled Zoe's head into his lap, his fingers threading through her hair.

"Dan?" Said a voice above him. Dan looked up to see Tom and Aneisha standing a few metres away from him.

"William fed her his blood." Dan said without looking at the pair.

"So she's going to wake up?" Aneisha asked. "She's going to be okay?"

Dan touched Zoe's cheek. "He snapped her neck. She's going to wake up, but she's definitely
not
going to be okay."

>