


After a review from warrior-of-water suggesting an epilogue with the wedding, I figured I would give one. It's only fair :) Here is the final chapter of this story.(not gonna lie, wedding themes not really my thing) Hope you enjoy anyway and thanks for reading.




At 10 AM the next morning Olivia's phone started buzzing. Grumbling quietly she finally answered it after the third time realizing they'd keep calling. It was Fin, at first she regretted picking up, but after hearing him out, she was so happy. It turned out Lewis had died in ICU at some point during the night. Even though the bullet was removed and the bleeding stopped, he still died. Only thing they could come up with was his body rejected the blood he was given. Although with half the police force and some hospital staff in Manhattan hating him after the things he'd done, it could have been intended. He'd no longer be a threat to either of them which was the main point she needed to remember. She thanked him before walking back into the bedroom waking Amanda up with a kiss to her forehead.

"Let me guess… You're in charge now so they've called you in to work." Amanda mumbled into her pillow refusing to open her eyes.

"Not even close. It's something much better."

With that response Amanda opened her eyes seeing a huge smile on her face. Not able to ignore it she just asked the question she knew Olivia was waiting for.

"What is it then?" She growled

"Fin just called. Lewis will never be a threat to us again. He's gone for good. He apparently died even after surgery and a blood transfusion." She answered with an extremely cheerful tone.

Amanda couldn't help but smile herself at the news. Things were definitely beginning to look up for the both of them. Now all they really had to worry about was the wedding and everything that went with it. One thing Amanda hated was wearing dresses. That'd be the biggest issue between her and Olivia over all the planning. They had decided on a spring wedding in April which was less than 2 months away.

Not even two months and nothing had been settled on. No flowers or anything. Would they really be able to pull it off? Amanda tried to add up the many things needed to make it happen which began to give her a headache.

"What are you thinking about that's got you so distracted? You'll give yourself one of your headaches if you don't stop" Olivia spoke snapping her out of her thoughts.

"Nothing really, just wedding stuff. I'm tryin' to get used to the idea of wearing a dress. Please tell me it don't have to be white."

"I don't understand why you hate white so much." Olivia sighed. "We'll see what we can find."

"I just don't look good in white. That and It's get dirty way too fast. This is me you know."

Olivia laughed knowing Amanda was right. Regardless of how careful she was, it would get some sort of stain on it before she made it down the aisle or even out of the changing room for that matter. The next month and a half were going to be very time consuming. Shaking thoughts of the wedding out of her head she made her way to the kitchen to start a late breakfast for her and Amanda. They spent the rest of the day curled up on the couch watching movies.

Amanda was the first one up the next morning. She was excited to get back to work. Sitting around doing nothing was almost as bad as being stuck in that hospital. Unfortunately it'd be desk duty but it also meant out of the house. Also, with Olivia taking charge, she'd be unable to keep tabs on her all the time like she had been.


Olivia fit right in with her new role. She had always been a leader so it wasn't hard for anyone to fall in line taking orders from her. After just three weeks of being in charge, everything was running a lot smoother than she thought it would. Amanda was back on full duty as well as being back to her normal state if you didn't count the occasional nightmare or flashback. Nick and Fin were getting along pretty well too. It made Olivia feel really good that she had a squad who trusted her enough to put their lives in her hands as they did with Cragen. Only obstacle left was the wedding which was definitely on both ladies' minds.

Knocking softly at the sergeant's door, Amanda waited for an answer to walk in. Upon receiving the okay she walked in sitting down in front of the desk.

"I'm sorry to ask this, but can Fin and I take an early lunch?" Amanda softly asked hoping she wouldn't get in trouble.

"It's been slow so I don't see why not. Can I ask why?"

"I kinda wanted it to be a surprise… but I need to pick up my dress and something else."

"You finally decided on a dress? That's great." Olivia smiled than gave the go ahead.

Amanda quickly explained to Fin what her intentions were which he was happy to help with. He knew the two women were perfect for each other. Olivia was the happiest he had ever seen her in his 10+ years he'd known her. Finally seeing Amanda happy just made it all the more better.

"Where to partner?" He asked

"Bridal shop for my dress and then the jewelers."

Waiting for what seemed like hours, Amanda finally walked out of the changing room. Fin's jaw just dropped. It was a beautiful baby blue knee length dress. The small beaded jewelry at the top of the dress made it sparkle in the light. She asked him if it looked good on her. Lost for words he could only nod his head in response. Happy with his answer she ran back to change so she could get to the jewelers and back to work on time.

Fin stayed in the car to order take out for them to pick up on the way to the station. Amanda made this trip a short one, no sooner than he'd hung up from the Chinese place she was getting into the car. He reached for the box out of curiosity but his hand was slapped away.

"We need to get back. You'll see it later." Amanda smiled.

Not even 10 minutes after returning she was called into the sergeant's office. Amanda smirked as she closed the door looking at her.

"What's going on?" Olivia cautiously questioned.

"Nothing. Just a small gift I got for you. I know you are wearing your sergeant's uniform to the wedding, but was hoping you'd wear this as well."

Olivia opened up the box revealing a beautiful diamond necklace. It looked like it cost a fortune. Her jaw dropped at how amazing it was and how it probably wasn't cheap. Amanda saw the look on her fiancé's face knowing she was worried about the price. She assured her the necklace wasn't as expensive as it looked, but they were real diamonds. Once it was around Olivia's neck, Amanda couldn't help but stare. It made Olivia look, if possible, more beautiful than she already was. She quickly got control of her thought process.

"Liv, I gotta finish my paperwork so I can get my stuff together to stay at Fin's. I'll see you tomorrow morning though." Amanda said reaching for the door.

Before she could leave Olivia spun her around giving her a kiss. Amanda was the first to break it.

"I'm really gonna miss you tonight." Amanda whispered letting go of Olivia.

"I know, but after tomorrow, we'll never have to spend a night alone again."

With one last kiss she let Amanda leave to get things in order. She sat back down pulling out a small mirror from the drawer to look at her necklace once again. Tomorrow was a big day that she was looking forward to. Olivia spent the rest of the afternoon daydreaming of her future.


Amanda had a rough night sleeping and ended up getting up around 5 am. She still had 5 hours before she needed to be at the church. She wondered if Olivia would still be sleeping or awake like her. She decided focusing on brunette would cause things to drag on; she needed to find a distraction. Making her way to the kitchen she rummaged through Fin's cupboards hoping to find something edible.

It was 8:45am when Olivia finally crawled out of bed. The alarm for 8 never went off so now she was running a half hour behind schedule.
'If I'm late to my own wedding, how would that look? Amanda would think I changed my mind or left her at the altar.'
Olivia reprimanded herself as she jumped in the shower.

9:30am Amanda started to panic. "Come on Fin, let's go! We are running late and I'm not about to worry or disappoint Liv!" She shouted down the hall impatiently.

Finally emerging from his room and fancy looking tux, the best man finally made an appearance. Once Amanda noticed him she stopped pacing the room like a caged tiger asking if he was finally ready. He grabbed the keys then followed her out the door. It was a quiet drive to the church since Fin was afraid to open his mouth.

Upon arriving Amanda jumped out of the car heading in through the side door. She didn't know how true it was about bad luck seeing the dress before the wedding, but didn't want to test it. She hated avoiding Olivia. Today just had to be perfect and go smooth though.

Looking around the church Fin and Nick took in the entire scene. The flowers were light blue roses. There was a white long carpet starting from the beginning of the aisle all the way to the altar where a beautiful arrangement of light blue and white flowers next to the pulpit. Cragen walked up to the two men saying he thought the place looked wonderful. Both men agreed before sitting down to wait for everything to start.

Everyone arrived by 10:30 and was quickly seated, all excited for the wedding to begin. It had been a long time coming. To everyone's surprise though, Amanda's sister Kim actually showed up to support her sister. It made Olivia smile knowing the blonde would have the only family member who cared there. Frannie was even there sporting a white collar with a blue bow. This day was perfect in her mind, except for the fact Amanda had yet to walk down the aisle becoming officially hers. When that happened her life would be complete.

Melinda felt she didn't do justice to Amanda's hair. Since she seemed to like it though, she just left it be. Asking Amanda one last time if she was ready Melinda walked out the door to grab Cragen who would be walking her down the aisle.

Cragen stopped dead in his tracks when he saw Amanda open that door. His rough and sassy southern detective looked absolutely beautiful. He couldn't believe the troubled detective brought up from Atlanta just three years ago had grown so much. He was happy to see she'd changed her life around giving herself a future. Cragen was also thankful she was giving Olivia the life he always believed she should have. After the initial shock wore off and she spoke his name 4 times, he finally brought himself back down to Earth. Gently holding her hand, they walked to the double doors leading to the main part of the church. Stopping one last time to make sure she wasn't missing anything, she pushed open the door.

Olivia was star struck looking up the aisle at her soon to be wife. She never saw the dress as Amanda wanted it to be a surprise only telling her it was blue. Her hair was curled a little with a small portion pulled back into a ponytail. It went perfectly with the baby blue wedding dress she was wearing. The pearl necklace from her grandmother just added to the beauty of the woman walking towards her. On top of that, Amanda's smile just made her fall for her ten times over. For a second, Olivia almost forgot the vows she had written.

Cragen agreed to give her away before taking his seat next to Amaro.

"Olivia and Amanda have chosen to write their own vows." The minister said.

"Manda, I know I've only known you about three years. At first I wasn't sure how I felt about you. As time went on, I fell for you more and more each day. This past year and a half we've been together has been the best time I have ever had. Nothing has ever really gone right in my life until you. You make each day worth living, knowing I have you to wake up with every morning makes it that much better. The day you agreed to marry me was the second best day of my life, the first being this one. I want to spend the rest of my life with you. I love you more than you can ever imagine." Olivia recited with a smile.

"Liv, from the first day on the job, I knew there was something about you. I fought myself for over a year with my feelings to not cause problems. Finding out you felt the same took all that weight off my shoulders. It has always been hard for me to trust from growing up like I did, but you've shown me I can put my walls down and trust someone else completely. I can't remember anytime during my childhood when I've been this happy. Enjoying life and having a family wasn't something I ever thought I'd have. Now that I have you in my life, it's changed everything. I'm finally okay with just being me. I love you with everything that I am, and all that I have. You are my life now. Forever and for always."

"With the power vested in me, I know pronounce you married. You may kiss your bride." The preacher smiled.

They all had a little reception in the dining hall including a small speech from Fin, along with a joke or two from Munch. Kim was polite hugging both Amanda and Olivia wishing them the best of luck before taking off once again. Cragen also wished them a happy new life and asked them to keep in touch. It wasn't long until the newly married couple got impatient. Both ladies said their goodbyes before taking off to begin the newest chapter of their life.

>