

Author's note: Sorry for the ridiculous wait! Thank you for reading. I hope you're still interested.



Previously:



"So, what did she offer you?" Kitty asked first.



"It seemed she was trying to tempt me to turn away from the Quest to destroy the Ring, asking me why I would choose to continue suffering by trying to save people whose fates were beyond my control, and what I would do if the two of us could return to our world, where you could get more medicine before you run out…" Devin answered, looking down. "… or if would prefer to stay here if you could somehow be cured, and how far I would be willing to go to do it."



"… Sounds like almost exactly what I heard." Said Kitty with a frown, furrowing her brow. "But… I'm sorry, Devin, but… my medicine actually ran out the day before we left the Mines. Galadriel asked me if I would be able to endure going through that hell again, or if I would try to use the ring to cure myself." At this Devin's eyes widened in horror.



"What?" she asked, taking Kitty's hands in her own. "But, Kitty, you…"



"The really scary thing is I might actually do it." Kitty admitted. "I want to stay here—I don't want to go back! How can I possibly be happy back in that boring world stuck working a boring job to pay for a mortgage and all that crap after all this? I never realized just how much I truly needed to get out of that world until we came to this one! All this time, I've never felt like I fit in, and now I know why—I was homesick for somewhere I'd never been before—for this place! Devin, aren't you the same? You don't really want to leave, right?" she said anxiously, squeezing her friend's hands. They were both on the verge of tears now.



"No… no, I don't want to leave…" Devin finally admitted to herself out loud. "I want to stay here with everyone, with you… b-but we can't, Kitty. It's not our world, and you need more medicine. So far you've been coasting on what's left in your bloodstream, but it's already been a few days, so when that runs out… I never want to see you hurt like that again." She said sadly and earnestly as her tears started to fall.



"Yeah, I wanted to die…" said Kitty morosely. "But if you make me go back there, I really will. Even with the medicine stabilizing my moods, I won't be happy. The monotony of that world will kill me."



"What about your family?" Devin asked. Kitty let out a bitter laugh.



"They won't miss me. Nobody back there will. And I won't miss them! You're the only one I need, Devin. You're my family!" She said, pulling her close and embracing her tightly. "I really can't go back there! Please, don't make me. Obviously I can't use the Ring—I know that would never work—but even if it hurts, all I want is to stay here with you and live in this world… and with our new friends." Devin let out a soft sob as she returned Kitty's hug, tightening her grip on her.



"All right, I understand… We'll stay here, in this world, together." She promised. The two friends held each other tightly and cried together. They were each other's life-lines. They would never let go. They would never abandon each other. They would do whatever it took to survive, and they would do it together, just like always.




Chapter 23: Tears and Fears



When the two girls had at last calmed down and finished wiping away their tears and felt ready to face the rest of the Company again, Devin stopped and took Kitty by the hand.

"We should tell them," she said gently.

Kitty froze like a deer caught in the headlights, and her face twisted into a frown. "No!" she ground out stubbornly, feeling a bit angry. Devin knew she didn't like other people knowing about her illness. They always looked at her differently once they found out.

"I just don't want them to misunderstand you," Devin persisted earnestly. They both knew that Kitty couldn't control her mood swings, and that how she acted and felt because of the constant change in chemistry inside her body often didn't necessarily reflect the way she truly felt deep down. When she was manic Kitty would laugh at a broken bone. When she was depressed she would cry over a butterfly. "They won't understand unless we tell them."

"They won't understand even if we do!" argued Kitty. "If you tell them, it'll be just one more thing for everyone to worry about, and I don't want their pity."

"Then tell them that!" said Devin. "But if they don't know the reason behind how you can smile and laugh while they're grieving, and why you might suddenly snap at them out of the blue, they might hold it against you, and I don't want that. I just want them to know that you're not doing it on purpose, and even if you don't want their pity, it doesn't change the fact that they'll need to be more careful about what they say around you, because everything gets under your skin when you're like that—I don't want you getting hurt by careless words!"

Eventually Kitty gave in, and they rejoined the rest of the Company to break to the difficult news to them together, not altogether sure how they would take it.
The others had all wondered where the girls had got to, and were extremely shocked and surprised by the sudden revelation of Kitty's dire condition. Though the two girls did their best to explain the matter very carefully, there were still many questions.

"So you're saying… this whole time you've been sick?" asked Pippin, frowning deeply with concern. Aragorn and Legolas regarded her with grim expressions; while the hobbits and Gimli stared with eyes wide with shock and concern, and Boromir with disbelief. They seemed to have trouble grasping their explanation of how her mental illness was being caused by defective brain chemistry and not a kind of trauma or some other outside force.

"Yeah, but it isn't contagious if that's what you're worried about," Kitty replied dismissively, starting to get annoyed by all their questions and stares; but she smiled at the memory of her highs, one of which she could already feel swelling up from within, bolstering her confidence. "The mania part is awesome! I have tons of energy and don't want to stop. The best part of the mania is that I'm so optimistic about everything: you could crash a car through my house, and I'd be like: 'Awesome, now we can put in sliding doors and build a pool deck!' I'm at my most creative during this part of the cycle, so I do as much as possible to capitalize on it. Composing or performing music, or whitewater rafting, or whatever; I'm up for anything.
"I have tons of fun running around and entertaining people, making them laugh, and acting like a big clown. I get a lot of satisfaction from the laughs and smiles I can get out of people. It makes me feel invincible. In the morning I wake up ready to go, even if I didn't get much sleep the night before. I don't really need that much sleep during this part of my mood cycle, so I just keep going and going like the Energizer bunny. I do so much: I see all my friends, have a blast, write new songs, breeze through all my chores and school assignments, and more.
"And do I talk. I'm all over the place, in and out of every conversation. I've been told I talk too fast and switch topics so quickly that it's hard for others to keep up with me. Sometimes, I can't keep up with myself. Unfortunately, this is also when I go out more, spend all of my money, and drink too much. I've gotten into a few fights during my mania, but it's not because I was actually angry or anything. Getting into a fight at school with some grade-A biyatch giving me 'tude or a random dude twice my size on the street is a rush. I know it's destructive, but it's a great form of entertainment because it's rough, tough, and it's pretty much anyone's guess what'll happen. I've yet to be seriously hurt in one of these fights, and my parents only pay enough attention to give me a brief lame lecture when I get caught, so I tend to escalate unless Devin reels me in. It's like a game to me.
"During my mania, I feel like a god. I feel like I can do anything. It's like I'm invincible and nothing can touch me. I can't explain it, but when the mania burns out I've got nothing left—without the highs of mania, I wouldn't be able to tolerate the lows of depression." She suddenly went very quiet. "I can't talk about this anymore. Can you take over for the rest?" she asked Devin.

"Sure, but… will you be alright?" Devin asked, concerned when she recognized the tension in her friend's smile. She was surprised that her mood seemed to be already changing again. They usually lasted several hours before fading into the next.

"I'm always alright," Kitty said, hopping up to make her retreat. "I'm just tired of talking. It's all coming out rapid-fire today—so I think I'm gonna go sing!" And before anyone could stop her, she skipped off belting out the lyrics to
Let It Go
from Disney's
Frozen
at the top of her lungs.

"Right," said Merry. "I take it that's an example of this 'mania'?"

"The tail-end of it," Devin replied with a wan smile, hoping her friend wouldn't crash too hard. "It's really hard for Kitty to talk about her illness. I don't think even she completely understands it. She can usually only manage it while she's manic; it's too painful otherwise. When she first started therapy two years ago, she had me come with her to some appointments so her doctor could explain what was going on to me instead. But she has told me that when she's depressed, she prefers to be left alone. It's not that she wants to be by herself; she wants everyone else to disappear. She doesn't want to go anywhere, see anyone, or do anything. She said it feels like no matter what she does, people are telling her she's doing something wrong; so the easiest way to feel better is to hide.
"For her seeing other people carrying on living happy lives is an annoying reminder of her illness and how she'll never have that kind of stability. What's worse is hearing all the people she 'entertained' while in her mania talk about how quiet she is and that she isn't entertaining anymore. Do they try to cheer her up, or do something to make her laugh? No. They just want their clown back. It annoys Kitty, and it makes me angry.
"No matter what it is—music, hanging out with friends, playing games—she doesn't enjoy things because the smallest details irritate her. If I and our other friends invite her out, she'll start imagining waiting for the bus, being crammed against angry people, waiting in lines, and every negative thing that could possibly happen to her along the way. She'll think of every possible downside of something, which leaves her dreading the idea of doing she thinks about the future, she doesn't like what she sees. She can only envision more troubles, endless work, and an endless string of letdowns. Everything scares her."
Devin clenched her hands into fists. Kitty had had suicidal thoughts before. She even admitted that she had caught herself unconsciously attempting to harm herself the day she finally convinced her to get help. But Devin knew that was off-limits. Kitty would never forgive her if she told them that without her permission. She blinked away the tears that threatened to form in her eyes. "But she also said the more she understands the problem, the more she knows that the depression is temporary, and that she doesn't always think clearly during it. Sometimes she needs a little extra help, but that simple reminder can help keep her from doing anything stupid."

There was a deep and heavy silence.

"And she has no control it?" asked Frodo.

"No. Believe me," said Devin, "if she could stop it, she would. Enduring this unending cycle of ever-changing emotions is very hard on her. She does have days where she feels almost normal, but they're few and far between." Devin had firsthand experience with depression brought on by grief: that horrible numbness that made you actually miss the pain; but she knew it was nothing compared to the rollercoaster of suffering that Kitty was trapped on. Knowing how much pain it had brought her simply looking back through her steady despondency at the happiness she had before, it wasn't hard for Devin to imagine how terrifying it would be for Kitty to never know when the same would happen to her, completely at random and for no reason at all. The others tried to understand how it would feel to be afflicted so, but many of their thoughts and imaginings fell woefully short. Frodo, who had a small taste of it under the influence of the Ring, came the closest.
Devin looked up at Legolas when he gently placed his hand over hers, seeking to comfort her. She was surprised by the gesture and felt a warmth spread from their hands and up her arm to bloom in her heart like a static electric pop at the deep concern she saw shining in his grey eyes.

"Is there no cure?" asked Aragorn, his brow furrowed.

"None that's been discovered yet," Devin answered sadly, tearing her gaze away from Legolas to look at him and the rest of the Company again. "The medicine can only treat the symptoms. It's something she'll have to live with for the rest of her life."

"You said she was taking medicine, but I saw no evidence of this," said Boromir. "Surely we would have noticed by now if she had?"

"Kitty hates letting people know she's sick. The fact that she's told you as much as she has shows how much she trusts all of you: so if you're thinking of doubting her, don't. She took her medicine while everyone else was asleep and kept some pills tucked into her sleeve so she could sneak it into her mouth along with food if she couldn't manage that. She's gotten very good at hiding it, because she dislikes being pitied, and doesn't want the stigma attached to her condition," Devin explained, giving him a pointed look. Part of the reason why Kitty hated it so much was because the first time she plucked up enough courage to ask for help, her own parents hadn't believed her. Their failure to support Kitty nearly killed her. "She also hates making people worry about her when she knows there's nothing they can do to help. Her illness is caused by a flaw in her body's chemistry, not a fault in her character. People want to label her 'crazy,' but she isn't."

Boromir thought Kitty's character questionable enough even with medication but wisely kept that remark to himself when faced with that withering glare.

"Has she tried Elvish medicine yet? The healers of Lothlórien may know of a way to help her," said said Frodo.

Devin nodded her head. "I asked Lord Elrond about it behind her back, but it seems to be beyond even his skill to heal," she said mournfully. "But I will ask again here, if there's even the smallest chance to ease her suffering."

"Broken hearts and minds cannot be mended so easily," said Aragorn, deeply concerned; "but it may well be worth asking."

"I will help you with this," Legolas reassured Devin, still holding her hand. "I can act as your interpreter if you wish."

Devin's expression softened as she looked at him. "Yes," she said slowly, remembering what Haldir had said about the Elves of Lothlórien's preference for communicating in their native language. "Yes, thank you," she said, her heart swelling with gratitude as she turned her palm up and closed her hand around his.

They remained some days in Lothlórien, so far as they could tell or remember. All the while that they dwelt there the sun shone clear, save for a gentle rain that fell at times, and passed away leaving all things fresh and clean. The air was cool and soft, as if it were early spring, yet they felt about them the deep and thoughtful quiet of winter. It seemed that they did little but eat and drink and rest, and walk among the trees; and for most it was enough. Kitty heeded Devin's request for her to let the Elven-healers examine her, but she didn't get her hopes up. So she wasn't completely devastated when they could not find a better solution than to provide her with a cordial to drink when she was feeling down. Devin expressed concern that she might develop a drinking problem if she started using alcohol as a crutch, which Kitty did not hold against her since it was probably true; but the Silvan Elves reassured her through Legolas that the alcohol content in this particular cordial was negligible and its cheering effect came mainly from the herbs used in its making. But they could do nothing for her mania, and Kitty steadily gained a reputation as a trouble-maker for her antics during these episodes; and the filter on her mouth was virtually nonexistent. This could make being around her difficult when she was irritable, but knowing it was the result of her illness gave them a chance to afford her a higher level of tolerance than they might have otherwise. For Devin had already warned them not to take anything Kitty said or did to upset them too personally. To help her cope, she often sang songs from their world for her: everything from Disney soundtracks and musicals and upbeat rock and pop to sad, mournful, and angry songs. Anything Kitty needed to get through the day. They had tried finding a trumpet for her use, but the Elves rarely used this instrument outside battle and they were 'natural trumpets' with none of the valves or slides Kitty was accustomed to. She was already in a mood when they showed one to her, and I'm afraid to say she found very little joy in its playing and turned her nose up at it; and lamented the decision to leave her own behind. Devin kept it for her knowing she would change her mind later when her mania returned. But Kitty never touched the borrowed trumpet when she was low out of fear that she would break it in her frustration.
As for the Lord and Lady, they had not seen them again, and they had little speech with any of the Elven-folk, aside from the inquiries Legolas helped Devin make for Kitty; for few of these spoke any but their own Silvan tongue. Haldir had bidden them farewell and gone back again to the fences of the North, where great watch was now kept since the tidings of Moria that the Company had brought. Legolas was away much among the Galadrim, and after the first night he did not sleep with the other companions, though he returned to eat and talk with them. Often he took Gimli and Devin, and sometimes even Kitty, when she insisted on tagging along, with him when he went abroad in the land, and the others wondered at this change. Devin had been expecting his change in attitude towards Gimli, but she was surprised by the extra attention he had begun to show her as well; and she was happy to go with him, when Kitty was not in desperate need of her company. Devin marveled over the places he brought them, as she was able to see much more of the forest than had been described in the book; and it was always interesting when they brought Kitty with them because she always found a way to goof off and land herself in a spot of trouble, such as the time she swam in a freezing fountain and the incident where she positioned herself to hand upside-down from a tree branch like a bat but was unable to get out of it without help, by which time her head was redder than a tomato and the dizziness nearly sent her crashing to the ground. The rest of the time, when Kitty wasn't climbing fountains or requesting songs from Devin or frantically composing music as if possessed, or sleeping too much or too little; the girls engaged in handstand-walking races and other odd, but relatively harmless games.
Now as the companions sat or walked together they spoke of Gandalf, and all that each had known and seen of him came clear before their minds. As they were healed of hurt and weariness of body the grief of their loss grew more keen. Devin debated with herself and Kitty over whether or not she should tell them how Gandalf had been resurrected in the book, but she was concerned it may not happen that way this time since Glorfindel, another character from the book who was supposed to have been reborn, was not. Eventually she decided it would be better to keep silent than to risk the cruelty of giving them a false hope that may soon be snatched away. Often they heard nearby Elvish voices singing, and knew that they were making songs of lamentation for the Wizard's fall, for they caught his name among the sweet and sad words they could not understand.

Mithrandir, Mithrandir
sang the Elves,
O Pilgrim Grey!
For so they loved to call him. But if Legolas was with the Company, he would not interpret the songs for them, saying that he had not the skill, and that for him the grief was still too near, a matter for tears and not yet for song.
It was Frodo who first put something of his sorrow into halting words. He was seldom moved to make song or rhyme; even in Rivendell he had listened and had not sung himself, though his memory was stored with many things that others had made before him. But now as he sat beside the fountain in Lórien and heard about him the voices of the Elves and the songs of grief and hope sung by Devin for Kitty, his thought took shape in a song that seemed fair to him; yet when he tried to repeat it to Sam only snatches remained, faded as a handful of withered leaves.


When evening in the Shire was grey
his footsteps on the Hill were heard;
before the dawn he went away
on journey long without a word.


From Wilderland to Western shore,
from northern waste to southern hill,
through dragon-lair and hidden door
and darkling woods he walked at will.

With Dwarf and Hobbit, Elves and Men,
with mortal and immortal folk,
with bird on bough and beast in den,
in their own secret tongues he spoke.

A deadly sword, a healing hand,
a back that bent beneath its load;
a trumpet-voice, a burning brand,
a weary pilgrim on the road.

A lord of wisdom throned he sat,
swift in anger, quick to laugh;
an old man in a battered hat
who leaned upon a thorny staff,

He stood upon the bridge alone
and Fire and Shadow both defied;
his staff was broken on the stone,
in Khazad-d


ûm

his wisdom died.


"Why, you'll be beating Mr. Bilbo next!" said Sam.

"No, I am afraid not," said Frodo. "But that is the best I can do yet."

"Well, Mr. Frodo, if you do have another go, I hope you'll say a word about his fireworks," said Sam. "Something like this:


The finest rockets ever seen:
They burst in stars of blue and green,
or after thunder golden showers
came falling like a rain of flowers.


Though that doesn't do them justice by a long road."

"No, I'll leave that to you, Sam. Or perhaps to Bilbo. But—well, I can't talk of it any more. I can't bear to think of bringing the news to him."

"Speaking of being unbearable…" said Sam, nodding in Kitty's direction. She had been Down for more than half the day, but it wasn't her usual bout of brooding and tears. Instead, she had gone very quiet and very still and stared off into the distance with unseeing eyes, and nothing they said seemed to reach her. At first they thought she was simply ignoring them, but not even Devin's singing could rouse her and she showed no response to their attempts to shake her from her stupor. It was as if her spirit had just got up and left. As difficult as seeing her other extremes had been, this new state was terrifying, and they all feared for her. Especially Devin, whose expression upon discovering the severity of her friend's despondency had been absolutely heart-breaking. Unable to bear seeing her like that, Devin had disappeared some time ago, but now they could see her making her way back to them. If they were surprised to see a fiddle in her hand, they were more surprised still by the skill with which she played it.
Starting softly, her bow carefully sawed out a dark, mysterious melody that brought to mind the image of an owl flying through the night as the song built and grew in volume. Even more surprising was Kitty's reaction to the song. Not only did she have one, but hearing it seemed to turn her into a completely different person. It didn't penetrate her consciousness right away, but as soon as the notes began to sank in, Kitty's staring eyes widened slightly and she blinked for the first time in what felt like hours. Slowly, she turned her head in Devin's direction. Tears welled up in Kitty's eyes when she saw her standing there with the violin and a sob that became a laugh escaped her lips as her misty eyes shone with surprise and gratitude when she recognized the melody. It was
Hedwig's Theme
. Encouraged by the light in her friend's eyes, Devin continued to play every song she could remember from the movies until she ran out and Kitty was acting herself again.
Frodo and Sam then became aware that the rest of the Company had gathered round to watch. It was from Legolas, who had accompanied Devin on her return, that they learned of where she had been and what she had been doing while she was away. Knowing how important music was to Kitty and seeing that singing alone was no longer enough, Devin had asked him to help her borrow the fiddle from the Elves. "Music is medicine for the soul," she said. But as it had been a very long while since the last time Devin played, she needed to take some time to practice and reacquaint herself with the instrument before surprising Kitty with one of her favorite songs. They could hear in certain parts of certain pieces evidence her playing was rusty, but every note held so much emotion that it took on a life of its own and no one minded at all that she played until evening fell and Kitty had at last attained enough peace to drift into slumber. Aragorn carried her carefully to the girl's tent and helped Devin put her to bed without waking her.
While Kitty slept Devin laid the violin aside to rest and eat some supper. Her fingers lingered on the beautiful instrument and traced the grain of the wood. Love and heartache were in her deep blue-violet eyes as she gazed upon it, but then she quickly covered it and joined the others while they ate. She had been hoping to avoid questions about her new talent, but the hobbits had other ideas.

"I never knew you could play a musical instrument, too," said Merry as she took her seat.

"Yes," Devin answered quietly. "It's been a while, though."

"Why? How long has it been?" asked Pippin.

Devin flinched a little at the innocent question and kept her eyes cast down on her plate as she broke her bread and answered: "I haven't played since my parents died." She was flooded with painful memories of the accident and everything that came after. They had been on the way to her first recital on a real stage when it happened. Her effort to keep the pain from her voice failed and a hush fell over the table. She could feel their eyes on her but she didn't look up. Just when she felt the silence had become oppressive, Merry flicked a bread crumb at Pippin.

"Oy!" cried Pippin indignantly. "What was that for?"

"For being an idiot," Merry replied. "What are you going around asking such awkward questions for?"

"How was I supposed to know it was a touchy subject!" said Pippin. "Hey!" he cried when another bread crumb bounced off the tip of his nose. He was on the verge of giving Merry a piece of his mind and several choice words when Devin surprised them with a small laugh.

"I'm alright," she said, giving them a smile that wasn't entirely forced. "Really," she added when she saw the concerned expressions on their faces. She could tell Aragorn and Legolas didn't buy it, but they could see she wasn't ready to talk about it so they let the matter drop and the table quickly became occupied with a friendly continuation of Merry and Pippin's argument over the former's use of bread crumbs.

But Frodo, who sat nearest to her left leaned closer and asked: "Are you sure?"

"I miss them," Devin admitted with an aching heart. "But you don't have to worry, not about me," her voice dropped to barely a whisper. "But you shouldn't be alone with Kitty."

Her words alarmed the hobbit. "Why not?" he asked anxiously. "Do you think she's become dangerous?" He had noticed that she seemed to be avoiding him more than the others but he had assumed it was a quirk brought on by her illness.

"Only to herself," Devin replied gravely with a grim face, holding his gaze. "I don't think she'll actually try anything, but she asked me to warn you."

Frodo understood her meaning, why it was only him she kept completely clear of or had bothered to caution in this way. In her current condition Kitty would have an especially hard time resisting the Ring. But she at least seemed to be aware of it and had been honest enough to warn him that it had become too much for her. He felt another set of eyes on him and looked to find Boromir staring at him across the table: staring at the Ring. Frodo did not like the look in the man's eyes and feared Kitty was not the only one he should be extra wary of.

>