

Happy New Year! It's me, Man of Cartoons. However, this isn't the first chapter, but a recap of what happened previously. I wrote this so that people, who haven't read the other crossover, won't feel lost and turn away from this story. Don't worry; I'll get to work on the first chapter.

Previously….

****()


When Ben was thirteen, he disobeyed in a fight against Charmcaster and got grounded by his parents. During this time, he decided to run away to become a hero and left with a note, worrying everyone he loves. It wasn't too late as Ben came to realization about his action and wanted to turn back home, but a portal opened and he got sucked in. At the other side, he entered the world of Danny Phantom and had a fight with him, due to misunderstanding from both heroes. Along the way, he became friends with Danny and his family, especially having a crush on Dani. Unknown to him, a villain known as Nefarius is the cause of trouble during the story event. The villain even got the ring of rage and crown of fire and gave it to Dark Dan. This later resulted in a big battle against Danny, Ben and Timmy Turner. The trio won, but in the cause lost Dani. Everyone thought she was dead until Paradox came a month ago and informed them she's alive. He also told them a little about Nefarius and his intention to take over the entire multi-verse. The only person to stop him was Ben, who later agreed to stop him and went into another portal created by Paradox.



At the other side of the portal, Ben entered the Teen Titan universe. He started out as a mysterious ally to them and even helped them to stop some villains. However, he wasn't the only one to enter the Teen Titan universe by a portal. The Te Xuan Ze, Juniper Lee, was sent away from her portal by some of her foes. She resides with Teen Titans after helping them save some trapped people from a burning building. Everything went well for the heroes until Eon, Malware and Khyber attacked the heroes, who were divided. They succeeded in their mission, except stopping Ben who Eon sent a month into the future. Ben finds himself in the future where Nefarius has control over the world and has the heroes under control. Ben was able to snap Juniper back to normal and together the two set off to find a way to stop Nefarius. During this, they met a single hero and fight alongside against an army of Eliminators (from the fairly odd parents), but retreated when the fight was too much. Together, June and Ben found out that Jenny (real name Terra from the Teen Titans, and whom Ben is friends with during the story) was the hero. They got some more surprises when it turns out Baljeet and Buford (from the Phineas and Ferb series, and also kids that Ben met only once.) were in charge of the resistance against Nefarius reign. Together, the heroes fought and won, but with a cost as Ben found out that Dani has turned evil.



Along the crossover with the Teen Titans, the heroes went through a lot of things, like Ben fighting Khyber and the Nemetrix and Raven (being mind controlled) destroys the Titan Tower and defeats Cyborg, Beastboy and Juniper Lee. It didn't make much sense until Raven opened a portal that freed Trigon. It became a huge battle that in the end all the heroes were turned to stones and the only heroes remaining was Ben and Raven (who at this point is back to normal). Raven was the first to fall and soon Ben (as Way Big), via teleportation. He found himself in a place called the Doom Dimension, where he meets a group of teens and their large creature partners called Bakugan (The first series of Bakugan). After a short battle, due to misunderstanding, they find Raven and try to get her to help. Unfortunately, she has lost all hope to fight against Trigon. Things then turned for the weird as six creatures, also Bakugan, appeared and offered to free them in exchange for a battle, if they won they will be free along with all the Bakugan trapped. The group agreed and was tested in different ways. Ben learned to stop feeling guilty for running away and losing Feedback and Raven learns to forgive herself over her failures. In the end they different their various foe and returned back to their universe. They fight against Trigon and later June joins the battle. However, Trigon was too powerful, resulting for Ben and Raven to combine as one. The heroes fight to the extent that Trigon caused himself to overload, thereby destroying the entire universe. Ben had no other choice, but use Alien X, which worked out great after debating with Serena and Bellicus. Alien X is able to rewind the clock before the universe is destroyed and makes Trigon too weak to overload. Along with that, all the heroes, both from the Justice League and Teen Titans, beat up Trigon easily and Raven comes later and kills him.



Later on, Dani (still mind controlled) attacks Terra's school. Everything is made clear at the beginning until Dani reveals that sometime after Ben and Raven defeated Trigon, Nefarius attacked Terra and her friends and wiped their memories of him and all their heroics. This later resulted into a final dual between Ben and Dani. The two fight each other and Ben seems to be winning until Dani uses the ring of rage and crown of fire that Nefarius stole from the Danny Phantom universe. She uses it against Ben (as his powerful ghost alien Eerinferno) and beats him. However, before Dani could throw the final blow, Ben turns into a new alien called Atomix and defeats her easily with it. He frees Dani out of the mind control by using the Omnitrix and takes the two ghostly items. However, curing Dani created a lone week being of her mind controlled self. Dani decides to have vengeance against the evil Dani and uses her ghostly wail and destroys her. In the end of the story, Paradox comes along with some news. He sends Dani, Terra and Juniper to June's world to free her world from her enemies and then sends Ben to another universe, telling him a Ninja turtle needed his help.



Ben appears in another universe and aids Leonardo of the Ninja turtles. Together, both of them free Donnie, Mikey and Raph from the Shredder's hold. However, things turn for the worse when Shredder shoots down on a helicopter, holding April and Cassey, and sends them crashing to the ground. Ben uses Humongousaur and goes to save them. During his absence, Leo fights the Shredder but loses. He was about to be killed when Ben (as Eerinferno) flies to them with Cassey and April safely in his hands. He drops them off and combats the Shredder and in the end won. He then later teleport the Ninja turtles, April and Casey back to New York, where Ben later meet Splinter back in the lair. During his stay, April and Cassey come across an abandoned warehouse and gets captured. Luckily, April manages to send a message to the turtles and they heard to the location to save them. The Ninja turtles fight Snakeweed, while Ben and Cassey head to save April from being used by Dr. Physcobos. Unfortunately, the outcome of the rescue result with Ben getting infected by a strange energy coming from April and then entire place to explode. Luckily, everyone survived and Paradox comes along. After some goodbyes and getting a sword from Donnie, Paradox takes Ben away to another universe.



*******()


So that what leads to this crossover. I know this explanation was long, but it explains mostly the important part. Also, during this crossover, Ben acquired some DNA from alien, mutant and magical. During his stay in the Danny Phantom universe, he acquires Cosmo (from Fairly odd Parents) DNA and Dark Dan. In the Teen Titan universe, he acquires Raven, Starfire, Supergirl and a Bakugan DNA. In the TMNT 2012 universe, he acquires Mikey's DNA. These new aliens will be revealed in sooner or later.

I'll get to work on the first chapter, so look out for it. Anyway, I'm working on a massive crossover story called the Avengers: Earth's Ultimate Heroes. It is about teen heroes from different shows, joining together and forming the Avengers. Along with it, there is also crossover with other cartoon shows. I've set up a poll for the leader and I think you should vote for your favorite hero.

Review if you want.

>