


Dimension X72-1120, World of the Turning Spire


The dead and the dying can claim no rights.

Smoke rose through the air.

Screams echoed across the battlefield.

Blood stained the once-pristine grass.

And the creature, the Nine-Tailed Fox, roared fiercely.

The body stepped across the battlefield, passing like a ghost through ashes and dust.

The young man looked upward, his blue eyes flickering. "So you're here…"

Raito nodded; he rarely took on such small matters, but he had developed an interest in this world and this man.

Minato rose to his feet. Blood trailed from his body. "I expected the
shinigami
to look more monstrous, somehow…"

Raito's lips curved upward. "We've been doing remodeling recently."

Minato nodded. He glanced at the demon fox. "I need you to seal that."

"Shouldn't I reap its soul, instead?" Raito reached sideways. His arm extended downward. The crimson Zanpakutō glistened in his hand.

Minato shook his head from side to side. "Even if it does escape, it may interfere with that person's plans…"

"You're a comfortably numb sort, aren't you?" Raito remarked coolly. His brown slacks and jacket blew backward in the wind.

"Separate the yin and yang
chakra
. Bind the yin
chakra
within yourself, and the yang
chakra
within my son."

Raito smirked faintly. "I'm afraid it doesn't work that way… You will have to accept the yin
chakra
or nothing."

Minato blinked. "Why?"

"The way the kid is now, inserting the yang
chakra
will simply kill him in an instant or so. For that reason it is unwise to risk it."

Minato frowned. "As opposed to the mind, I gather?"

"He is an infant. Given proper examples, it is possible for his mind to be reconstructed. It is also possible that the Kyuubi may be influenced by the growing child…"

"That's absurd."

"You have a purpose in sealing away the spirit in the boy. It is not impossible for yin
chakra
to be influenced in this manner." Raito shrugged his shoulders.

The sword slashed out.

The Kyuubi retreated into the sword.

Raito cut downward, pressing the tip of the sword against the infant's forehead.

A drop of blood formed on the forehead.

The battlefield glistened with crimson blood.

"Well, at any rate, it's a shame about your wife. Do you want to meet her in Seireitei?" Raito questioned, extending his sword.

Minato nodded after a moment.

The sword cut forward.

Minato dissipated into mist.

Raito turned sideways. His brown eyes flickered momentarily red. "Don't bother following… I'll be busy, anyway."

'Madara's eyes widened.

The air turned pure scarlet.

Blood oozed from 'Madara's mask.

Raito turned. He lifted his sword, wiping away the blood gently. "Time to leave."

'Madara' turned his eyes sideways, his eyes narrowing.

Crimson energy filled the air.

"Damn…" 'Madara's shoulders relaxed after a moment. "Fine, little boy. I'll leave you in peace for now."

The grasslands glowed with flame.

'Madara' vanished through warping and twisting space, his mask glowing with the energy of his power.

>