


Hello everyone, welcome to my first chapter, and I would like to say, first of all. Yes this is a human in equestria fic and yes he will stay that way. (Main character is based on me btw.)



I know a lot of stories have them transform once they arrive, but I don't plan on it. (Author edit) 5/6/14 – Hello everyone, I had mentioned that I planned to edit all my early chapters so I could improve their quality, so why not start with chapter 1?



Second of all, this will be a harem fic, but I will try not to be obvious about who will be involved. I am only telling you all this now so you may leave If this is "Not your bag, baby."



Also wanted to warn, will contain alcohol, language, violence, and clop, which is why it is M rating.



If you have any questions you can look at my profile or PM me. I am always looking for reader submitted content!



Hope you enjoy the story.




Chapter 1



Pain…..that is all I can think of is the horrible pain going up my arm and into my head. "What did I tell that….the hell?!"

I glanced up and saw an open sky filled with stars and a full moon. "Why am I outside?!" my head swivels left and right taking in my surroundings.

I must have fell asleep dressed again, and that's good because it's cold out here. "Ok….let's try and figure this out. I was walking home…and now I wake up in some forest. This isn't NORMAL...crap!"

I kick out at a tree and boy does it hurt, so that means I'm not dreaming at least. I sit down to pull off my boots. "Wow… bad idea, ok now I know I'm awake, but where am I?

The trees here look way too vivid. Like the leaves and bark have been splattered with dye, but my clothes seem dull in comparison.

I put my boots back on and search for water. I manage to find a small pond, and It's crystal clear! I lean down and look at my reflection in the still water.

I don't look that bad, considering I apparently slept in the woods for several hours. My hair's in a curly mess…as it always is. I don't have any cuts on my face, though anything may be hiding under my thick facial hair….

My eyes are a little red and puffy, but they haven't been watering as bad as they usually are when I'm near a large amount of plants. My glasses are undamaged as well! I guess I'm in pretty good shape, all things considered.

Anyways, I get up and begin walking. I swear I see eyes in the darkness…. It must be my mind playing tricks on me. I always have had an overactive imagination.

I couldn't tell what time it was, my internal clock has always been very basic. I know when I need to wake up and sleep, but that's about it. I had a friend who could tell the time down to the minute by the position of the moon or sun.

He was always crazy about survival too, he once told me about a time when he was camping and was attacked by a wolf. Of course I don't believe him because there are no Wolves in our state.\

All this talking about survival has made me realize….It's gotten really quiet. I've heard some owls, the crickets chirping; even the occasional screech of a bat, but now it was dead quiet.

I was getting nervous….I was never a fan of the dark, especially when I was alone. I could hear the wind going through the branches of the trees, It sounded like the howl of a dog.

Then it came again, but this time I knew It wasn't the wind, the wind doesn't sound that guttural. I spun to face the sound, I wasn't about to have something creep up from behind me.

I saw a pair of dark green eyes; they were glowing menacingly in the bushes. "Who's out there?" I wait but I don't get any response besides the echo of my voice off the trees.

"What do you need little guy?" I slide my hand across the knife I keep with me, I sleep with it because It makes me feel safe.

It was a rather small switch blade; around four inches long, the blade was straight, black and double-sided with a red dragon on the handle. It was a gift from my father.

Then I hear a growl from the general direction of those glowing eyes. I don't think this thing is going to be friendly. I square my shoulders and put the knife in my dominant hand.

"Well…what are you waiting for?" as if on cue a…. Is that a dog made of wood? It creeps out from inside the bushes. The glow was definitely coming from this thing's eyes.

"Well that was unexpected." I imagine a knife won't do much against this wooden creature, so I look around for a blunt object.

I see a fallen tree branch lying some ten feet away from me. The dog creature notices my attention has left him and he takes his opportunity to attack!

I see it tense as it prepares to lunge out of the corner of my eye. I kneel to make myself shorter than its original target.

As it jumps I swing up both arms, using one to bring the knife into its stomach. As I had thought it does little, but provides the leverage I need to throw it.

Now that I've given myself some space, I sprint for the branch. It returns to its feet and begins pursuing me just as I reach it.

Hastily, I pick up the broken limb. It's heavy, but not so much so that I won't be able to swing it. I get a firm grip on the thin end and prepare for the dog to advance.

It begins circling me, hoping to fake me out with my oversized weapon. I should be fine as long as I don't swing too soon.

I feint a swing at its shoulder, and as it ducked under my stick to retaliate I struck it hard in the head. I had knocked it flat to the ground.

It wasn't dead yet, I could tell by its yipping and the faint kicking of its legs. I didn't like what I was about to do, but I couldn't risk it attacking again.

"I'm sorry, I hope this is quick." I brought the stick behind my back; I needed to do this right so It would be over quickly. I swung the stick in a long arc, and crushed the dog's head. I saw the light in its eyes fade after It gave its last cry.

I felt bad about taking its life but it was prepared to do the same to me. *sigh* "I need to find a way out of here." After some searching I find a rather large stream and follow it, hoping to find a nearby town.

I see several fish swimming by in the shallow waters. Their scales glint like pieces of glass in the moonlight. "Hope you guys are having a better day than me right now."

My boots were not meant for this much walking, especially on such uneven ground. These were work boots meant for city streets, not some random forest in the middle of who knows where.

I could feel my feet begin to blister from the sweat, and the awkward way they sat in my boots. I don't know why I was here, but I wish I could have brought my sneakers instead.

I pass by bird nest, with a family of wood peckers sleeping just inside the tree. I feel envious of the small birds, I haven't felt this exhausted in a while

I wouldn't even need a bed, I'm that tired. My legs feel like lead and I have begun to use the branch as a walking stick. I saw the stream take multiple twists and turns, and I wasn't sure which way to follow.

I picked the biggest looking split and staggered on. I decided a song might help me pass the time. I searched my weary mind for a good traveling song, when suddenly one sprung to mind.

"I walk a lonely road."

"The only one that I have ever known."

"Don't know where it goes.."

"But it's home to me and I walk alone."

I throw the stick to the side, feeling the loss of it's weight make my stride easier.

"I walk this empty street."

"On the Boulevard of Broken Dreams."

"Where the city sleeps..."

"And I'm the only one and I walk alone."

"I walk alone."

"I walk alone."

"I walk alone."

"I walk a..."

"My shadow's the only one that walks beside me."

"My shallow heart's the only thing that's beating."

"Sometimes I wish someone out there will find me..."

"'Til then I walk alone."

"Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah, aaah-ah,"

"Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah"

"I'm walking down the line."

"That divides me somewhere in my mind."

"On the border line..."

"Of the edge and where I walk alone."

"Read between the lines."

"What's fucked up and everything's alright."

"Check my vital signs..."

"To know I'm still alive, and I walk alone."

"I walk alone."

"I walk alone."

"I walk alone."

"I walk a..."

"My shadow's the only one that walks beside me."

"My shallow heart's the only thing that's beating."

"Sometimes I wish someone out there will find me..."

"'Til then I walk alone."

"Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah, aaah-ah,"

"Ah-ah, ah-ah"

"I walk alone."

"I walk a..."

"I walk this empty street..."

"On the Boulevard of Broken Dreams."

"Where the city sleeps."

"And I'm the only one and I walk a..."

"My shadow's the only one that walks beside me."

"My shallow heart's the only thing that's beating."

"Sometimes I wish someone out there will find me..."

'"Til then I walk alone..."

As my voice faded off into the trees I felt refreshed. I was still tired and dehydrated, but I felt like I could go on for a while longer.

I had apparently been out all night as the sun had now begun to come out. I see it begin to crest over the mountains in the distance, it truly is the most beautiful I have ever seen it.

I know I should rest but I can see an exit. I feel close to the point of passing out from exhaustion…but, I see a cottage through the trees.

"If I can just...*thud*...dammit!" at the edge of the forest my legs give out. I fall, pretty much flat on my face. I begin to hear voices nearby, and before sleep takes me I manage to make one final cry. "Help…."


Well that is the first of hopefully many chapters of my first story, Zach in Equestria.



The song I used was boulevard of Broken Dreams by Green Day, they own all aspects of the song as they are the original and only creators.



The first few chapters will be shorter than th rest of the series simply because I wasn't working with much at the time.



At this time I have my second story up, If you're interested in Pokemon, I suggest checking out Walking the Path.



Have a nice day everyone and try to keep a bit of the harmony with you.


>