


I won't say much of anything here, besides enjoy the chapter and thanks for sticking around this far.



Chapter 13.5


After leaving Trent's house, I knew that I needed to get my things in order before leaving. I headed to the apartment building and headed straight to the landmare's room. I knocked a few times and then opened the door. It was just about seven or so, and the sun was going down.

I wanted to be out and heading to the forest before night. I found her snoozing on a sofa by her TV. I gently shook her awake and turned on the light. "I'm sorry for disturbing you so late, but I really needed to talk to you."

She rubbed her eyes and looked at me with a groggy and mildly annoyed expression. "Whazzat...? What you want?" I pulled my bag of bits from my belt and dropped it on her table. "That's over six hundred bits in there. I would like you to hold my room for me and keep my stuff in there. I'll be away on business for a while, and I'm not sure how long."

Her eyes widened slightly and she look over at the bag. "Well...your business is your own, but if your gone for too long I'll have to put your belongings into storage, is that alright with you?" I took her hoof and shook it, smiling wide. "Yes, that sounds fine. I'll be grabbing a few things before I go."

She sat up and looked at me like I had suggested flying without wings. "Wait! You plan on heading out now?! I wouldn't do that if I were you...it gets very dangerous out of town at night." I avoided making eye contact as I brushed off her warning. "Yeah, I know. Don't worry about me, I'll be fine."

I left her room before she could continue to try and dissuade me, and I headed up to my room.
So..what am I allowed to take with me? "You need your sword and armor, but don't put it on. You'll also need a blank book for a journal, and I'll allow you to take some basic things."



So, can I bring my lighter, some cloth, and my knife? "Yes...I will allow you a few luxuries."
"Oh wow, how generous of you" I redirected my attention in front of me just in time to avoid colliding with somepony coming down the stairs. "Watch where your goi...oh hi Zach! You got better...that's good. Everypony was pretty worried about you." I nervously shifted my feet and cast my eyes away from her face.

"Yeah...I heard...I just got in to grab some stuff, and then I'll be heading...oh shit."
Way to go idiot...you weren't supposed to let anybody know...well, you made your bed, now you have to sleep in it.
"What?! What the hell do you mean by that? You JUST got out of the hospital and your already going out again...just where did you plan on going anyway!?"

Shelby was absolutely fuming, and I honestly couldn't blame her. "Listen Shelby, I understand why you're pissed, and trust me I deserve it, but I really need to go. I'll explain, but I need to leave first, otherwise I may never be able to make myself go...please...just trust me?"

She was slowly calming down, and I saw her ears twitch as she looked away from me. "Fine...I'll keep quiet about it...for now, but I swear if you don't send me some explanation I'll come find you and kick your flank all the way back home...jerk." I had a stupid grin on y face as I leaned forward and hugged her.

"Thank you Shelby and I promise I'll send everyone an update once I've left. I just need to get out of town first so nopony will come tracking me down. Can you do me a favor? Tomorrow morning can you visit Fluttershy and let her know I'll be fine. I really don't want her to be worried about me."

She smiled at me smugly as she walked past me down the stairs. "Sure...I'll let your marefriend know that your safe, but that's not gonna stop anypony from worrying about you. Just promise me you won't do anything needlessly stupid?"

I waved goodbye her as I headed to my room. "Don't worry Shelby, I promise." I stepped into my room and shut the door.
"That was not supposed to happen, and your NOT supposed to be letting anyone know about this,..."



Yeah I know Izzy, but I just won't be able to sleep right leaving without them knowing what I'm up to. Even if I don't tell them everything, as long as I give them a general idea...they won't think I'm never coming back. "You may not be coming back regardless...there's no guarantee this training won't kill you."


Well there's a new thought...No matter what I promise, I really DIDN'T know just what the hell was in that forest. I smacked myself to get myself out of that grim train of thought. B
ut I can't think like that! I have to get back home...for my friends. "That's good, that resolve will be important in the time to come."


"Okay...I need to stop procrastinating...It's time to pack." After resigning myself to the tedious job, it really didn't take that long. I had wrapped my pieces of armor and my sword individually in some extra bed sheets. I grabbed a spare cloth bag from my drawer and threw some water bottles, my knife, an empty notebook, a few pens, and my lighter into it.


'Good! that's all you're going to be bringing, so we should get a move on." Hold on...I need a pen.
I scoured my room until I found a ball point sitting in the back of my dresser cabinet. I sat down and quickly started scribbling a goodbye message to my friends. I figured if I had it sent to twilight, then she would let everypony know.

"Dear Twilight and other friends, I'm sorry for my sudden departure, but I needed to head into the woods to train myself. It's a long story, so I suggest finding a seat and getting a drink. First of all, and I know that this sounds crazy..."

I sat there for nearly an hour, telling them about my strange experience in my dreams, meeting my father, the talking sword I had found named Izanagi, and the fact that apparently this was something that every boy in my father's bloodline had to go through. I chose to leave out the 'other' me, simply to avoid making them worry about my sanity.

With tears in my eyes I had also told them all about the incident that gave me my scar, and the loss of my parents. Just in case I don't end up coming back...I want them to know. I closed the letter by telling them I'd be thinking of them during the coming months, and I don't want anypony to try and follow me.

I folded the letter up and put it into my pocket, biting my lip to regain my composure.
"I know this is hard Zach...and know that I find no pleasure in all this, but it's for the best."
I grabbed my things and my guitar and headed down the staircase, out the door, and into the night.


"I told you to only bring the essentials. Why did you insist on bringing that instrument with you?" Because I figure I'll be spending a long time in these woods, so when I'm not hunting, cooking, training or sleeping, I would like something to do.



"Fine...but consider this a warning...If it comes down to losing your life or that guitar I'll make you choose that guitar."
I rolled my eyes as I continued my hike towards the woods. I had walked through town and passed the homes of most of my friends.

While I WAS tempted to go in and talk to them, I also knew it would make this unbearably painful. As the tree line came into view I saw a familiar gray shape come hurtling down towards me from the sky. Before crashing into me Derpy came to a sudden halt and was only a foot or two from my face.

"I heard you had gotten really hurt, and you were in the hospital...so I wanted to check on you now that my route is done. Say...why are you out so late anyway?" Derpy tilted her head to the side, and she had a questioning look on her face. I have to admit she looked adorable with that expression.

"Well...I need to go somewhere. Umm...can I ask you to do me a favor?" When I said this Derpy perked her ears up and reached into her bag. She brought her hoof out holding a muffin and pushed it into my face. "Not a problem buddy...I know how much you love banana nut."

I took the muffin from her and I looked down nervously. "Actually Derpy...I need you to deliver a letter for me, but thanks anyway." I grabbed the letter from my pocket and passed it to her. She looked at it and then at me. "Who is this for? And why so late at night? wouldn't it be better if I..."

I held my hand up to stop her, and I readjusted my bag. "The thing is Derpy...I don't think I'll be back for a while...It's a long story. Anyway, that needs to got to Twilight...okay?" She put the letter into her bag and started rising up. "Yeah, no problem Zach."

As she started to head away a thought struck me. "Wait! Derpy, what is today's date?" She stopped and turned her head to face me. "Uh...I think it's November eighth...why?" I smiled at her and waved. "Nothing really, just wanted to know. I'll see you when I get back."

With Derpy flying off into the distance I headed back towards the forest.
"Are you happy that your friends will get your letter?" Yeah...at least now I don't need to worry about them trying to find me. Though...I am worried about Fluttershy...she'll probably be worried about me...even more than the others.



"I can assume that this Fluttershy is important to you?" Well yeah...though I guess they all are really important to me. It's just that Fluttershy was the one who trusted me and gave me a place to stay when I first showed up here. Plus she's just so kind and innocent...and...*sigh*



"I've never known someone to sigh in their head...she must be very close to your heart."
I knew that continuing to think about it would only make me feel worse, so I stopped talking to Izzy until we had made it a few miles into the woods.

"Okay...this clearing looks like a good spot to set up camp. What do you think Izzy?" There was a hazy distortion that had started coming out of my chest, although it wasn't really coming OUT of me...and then it touched the grass and began to sharpen and clear.

As the figure gained focus I could see bright yellow eyes behind a small metal mask. The mask only covered his eyes and the top of his nose. His skin was a little paler than mine, which is saying something because I'm Irish. He was wearing a long black coat that had metal bits and rings embedded in it.

His hair was glossy black and went down to his shoulders, and he was wearing black leather boots and black gloves. "Ahhh...it's so nice to be able to stretch every once in a while. What...? You look like you've seen a ghost." I rubbed my eyes and looked again. There was certainly a very darkly dressed man standing with me.

He looked to about twenty, maybe twenty five. "Izzy? You have a human form too?" He laughed and walked up to me placing his strong hand onto my shoulder. I'm used to thinking MY hands were big, but his were like a child's baseball glove. "Of course Zach, I'm not going to be training you from in your head, and I can turn into nearly anything."

"Wait...what do you mean nearly anything?" He put his hand to his chin in a thoughtful expression. "Wellllll...I can only turn into things I've seen before...and I need to know it's biological structuring." I thought about what he had said for a minute or two. "So...you need to know it's organs and different bodily functions right? So...are you naturally a guy or did you just take that voice?"

"Hmm...that's close enough, and yes I am naturally male. Though I could take on the form of a female if that's your desire. I understand that you will be lonely while we...!" I pushed my hand onto his mouth silencing him. "No! I'll be just fine! Please...just stay like this..."

"Whatever you want. Now...how about we set up camp as you had said before. We are running low on light, and will need a fire to keep warm for the night." I headed to the nearest tree and looked around for Izzy. I saw him sitting in the clearing, and he looked like he was expecting a cup of tea.

"So Izzy, I can assume you're not gonna be any help?" He opened his eyes and looked over to me. "Why of course not. I assumed you would realize that this is to train you, I'm here solely for educational purposes." I rolled my eyes and a grin came over my face as an idea hit me.

"Oh, not a problem Izzy, but since I'll need to do all this on my own...I hope you don't mind waiting in the dark by yourself for an hour or so...?" Izzy's eyes shot open and he started looking around, taking in the quickly darkening woods around us.

He stood up and began quickly walking towards a nearby pond. "Very true, very true! I should collect some rocks for the fire pit so we will be able to get this done before the last of the sun's light fades." He was gone from view before I could say anything else.

"Huh...imagine that, something like Izzy afraid of the dark. Well whatever, I really should be getting started before I end up stumbling over something in the dark." I reached up and grabbed the lowest branch from the tree and jumped.

I had to do it a few times, but my weight pulling down on the branch was enough to earn me a long groan and a loud snap from the tree. I looked up at where the branch was attached to the tree and saw it hadn't snapped off. I looked up just in time to see the tree start leaning down towards me.

I let go of the branch and jumped to my left, away from the falling tree and its thicker branches. I heard it hit the ground with a dull crunch and could only imagine that being my ribs if I hadn't gotten out from under it. "Well that explains It...the damn thing rotted all the way through..."

I stood up and dusted myself off, and thanked myself for bringing my hoodie. It was the only thing that stopped me from going head first into the dirt. "Well...now the only thing left to do is to drag that damned tree back to the clearing.

I looked it up and down, and began to ache just thinking about moving it. It was a small tree, but that's compared to some nearby that were probably close to thirty or forty feet tall. It was at least twice as tall as me, and probably weighed close to five times as much as me.

"It's just a log Zach...a very big and rotting log." I grabbed the tip of its trunk and began to drag it along the ground. It was surprisingly lighter than I expected. It was still probably close to two or three hundred pounds, but that was nowhere near what it should have been.


Huh...maybe things aren't the same around here as back home... though that's kind of obvious now that I think about it.
"Oh well, not that I'm complaining for doing less work." I continued to pull the dead tree to our intended campsite, and saw Izzy heading towards me with his arms full of medium sized smooth rocks.

"I see you were successful in your endeavors as well...perhaps a bit too successful?" I dropped the end of the tree that I had been carrying and sat down. Sweat was beginning to drip from my face, even though I had only dragged it sixty feet at the most. "Stop with the smart-ass attitude. Just help me break this thing up."

Izzy walked over to the tree and before I had time to move out of the way, he had swung his hand down at the tree and splintered it. There was an indent in the dirt from the force of his swing. "How...how the hell did you do that? You broke it like it was glass..."

Izzy just began laughing and looked down at me. "I don't know why you act so surprised. I am an almighty being after all. I could turn this entire forest into sawdust if I wished it. You even have potential for power far beyond normal humans, you just need to learn how to use it first."

He gestured towards the tree and then waved his hand at an empty spot in the grass. Suddenly the chunks of wood threw themselves into a pile next to the ring of stones. "Good...now if you would be so kind, I would like to have something warm to sleep by tonight."

I stood up, completely at a loss for words, and walked over to the woodpile. I took out my knife and grabbed a branch that still had some foliage on it. I cut the larger pieces of greenery from the branch and set it aside. Then I took several flatter pieces of wood and stacked them two high in the pit.

I grabbed my lighter and lit the tip of the longest string of leaves, then threw it and the rest of them on top of the wood. I leaned close and began gently blowing on the flame, pushing it down the greener branches and onto the spotty wood.

As I stood back up Izzy patted me on the back. "Very good job Zach. It's too bad there was some rot in that tree, that means it won't smell too good when we burn it." I rolled my shoulders and found a relatively flat spot near the fire to stretch my feet out.

I was looking up into the night sky and something dawned on me. "Oh! I almost forgot to write my journal entry." I started looking around in my bags but couldn't find the notebook or the pens. Izzy nudged my shoulder and held out his hand.

"It would have been a waste of bringing these if you had lost them, and I realize you may need to record what happens in the coming months." He passed me the book and a pen. "But do try to keep it brief, I don't want all your attention on that journal."

I smiled and began writing a heading.
"Day 1, November eighth, Zachary's wilderness training..."
Before I could get any further I heard several twigs snapping and what sounded like a giant sling shot. I stood up and put my hand protectively on the knife in my pocket.

"Hello? Is there someone out there? If you can hear me please say something." I waited a minute or two, and I had begun to think it was just some wild animal, until a tentative answer could be heard coming from the trees. "Umm...hello? Are...are you talking to me?" I stepped towards the tree line, lowering my hands.

That voice sounded too worried to be coming from a predator. Honestly I was surprised that something out here could talk to me. "Hey, my name's Zach...are you the one that made that noise?" I heard some branches creaking, but nothing was coming near me.

"Well, yeah. You didn't happen to set up any traps around here, did you?" I looked back at Izzy, sitting by the fire asleep. "No, I didn't, and I don't think my friend did either." I continued towards the voice, which I had assumed was a girl, and stumbled on a rope tied to the base of a tree.

When I looked up I saw what the rope was connected to. A very crude trap was holding something by its feet. "Hello...are you the one I was talking to?" The hanging figure tried to turn towards me, but could only manage to get a glance at me over their shoulder.

"Oh..you look...different. My name's Yukiko by the way. Not to be rude but can you cut me down before we start chit chatting?" Before I could grab my knife and start cutting the ropes I heard heavy shuffling coming in my directions from further in the woods.

I ducked back into the trees, giving Yukiko a sign to keep quiet. She looked away from me and stared into the moving underbrush. Suddenly three large figures came stumbling into view. They looked to be dogs of some kind, but they were walking on their hind legs and were brandishing cudgels.

"Oh...what have we here. Looky boys, we come for meat but get a bitch instead. I bet Onyx will like this one..." The lead one was taller and slimmer than the two goons behind him. He had a Doberman face, and his legs looked toned and strong. The two shorter and stouter dogs behind him were both some type of bulldog.

One of the bulldog's came from behind their leader and were leering at Yukiko like a plaything. "I bet Onyx wouldn't care if we ad a go wit her first, right fang?" It wasn't hard to understand the bulldog even through his thick slur.

"Nah...he doesn't even need to know bout this one...she can be just for us...what ya think of that boys?" Both of the bulldogs started walking towards Yukiko with big sick grins on their face. "Sounds good ter me boss. Nice piece of ass ter split between us..."

After seeing what their intentions were, I knew I had to stop them.
Wait a minute Zach...how do you intend to take these three on your own? You don't even have your sword, and they all have clubs...goddamn it I hate when I'm right!


An idea popped up in my head, and I started circling around to behind the group. While they were busy cutting the rope holding Yuki up I grabbed two large stones, each about the size of a grapefruit. I stood up behind the Doberman named fang and sharply whistled.

When the three dogs turned holding their hands over their ears to block out the shrill noise, I hurled the first stone at the bulldog between me and Yuki. I saw the large piece of rock connect with his jaw and he fell to the ground, holding his now bleeding mouth. The other stone went for his other thick headed friend right after.

This one hit him right between the eyes, and he fell face first to the ground like a sack of hammers. That only left the Doberman, who was crouched into an attack stance by this point. "Who the fuck do you think you are no-fur! How dare you attack the soldiers of the great and mighty Onyx?!"

I ran through the thin line of bushes and rammed the Doberman in the chest with my shoulder. "Because I don't give a shit about this Onyx, if he's letting scum like you work for him, he can't be that great." The Doberman wiped the blood from his busted lip and bared his teeth.

"Know the name Fang, for he will be the one who kills you now, and feasts on your corpse!" Fang came lunging at me with his claws. I was able to duck under most of it but caught a stray claw to my cheek. I felt the hot blood begin quickly flowing out from the burning cut on my face.

"Fine, I'll remember to tell that to the man who makes your gravestone...If there's enough left to bury." I pulled my knife from my pocket and got low, holding it blade down in my left hand. I knew my right hand was stronger, so I needed that for blocking.

There were several close calls where I saw his long jagged nails pass just inches from my face or chest, but thankfully I had sharper reactions than most, so I didn't need to worry too much about being outfought. My main worry was his tenacity...no matter how many cuts or bruises I was putting on him he kept coming.

"Hahaha...Fang has enjoyed playing with you worm!" He tensed his legs and I saw him crouch low. It brought me back to my fight with the wooden wolf my first day in Equestria. I remembered what I did that day as well. So I ducked to the ground as he jumped.

"Die!" Fang screamed his battle cry as he jumped for me, and I went under him dragging my blade down across his stomach as he passed over. I felt something hot and heavy fall onto me right before he fell to the ground behind me...dead.

At least I assumed he's dead. I was covered in his blood and his intestines were spilling out onto the ground. I walked over to him and looked into his eyes. They were getting cloudy and unfocused, like everything was just fading away. "Sorry...but I'd rather it be you than me..."

I turned around to see the first bulldog who had his mouth bloodied standing there. He was staring at me in horror. Like he never expected his friend to lose. "Ya...ya killed Fang! How could you...you son of bitch!" He ran to his downed friend and picked him up. He started running away from me with his friend over his shoulder.

I thought about chasing them down, but I figured it would be better to check on Yuki instead. I walked to where she had been laying, unable to move with her legs still bound and laying on her back. "Did you see what happened?" I wanted to know how she felt about it...after all she might not trust me after I killed another dog.

"Yeah...I saw most of it, with the one eye that was facing you two. Honestly I don't care. He had no intentions of showing you or me mercy. If he had won he would've killed you and raped me. He doesn't get any of my sympathy." Her words sounded honest, but I saw her look away from me as I got near.

"Well, sit still while I cut these. I don't want to hurt your ankles." I grabbed her legs and started sawing through the rope. It took me a little while, because it was a very thick knot of rope around her feet. After I freed her legs she stood up and started walking away.

"No offense, but I think I'll be safer on my...oof!" I saw her stumble and fall before making it ten feet from where she stood. I walked over to her and saw her struggling feebly to stand back up. "You need help, and contrary to what you may believe, but I like helping people more than hurting them."

I saw her look down at the ground, her ears pressed flat against her head. Now that I got a good look at her, I saw she was almost a solid white, besides a reddish splotch on the tips of her ears, tail and above her eyes. "Whatever...I...I didn't ASK for your help anyway, but...I guess I'll accept."

I always thought tsundere girls were cute when watching anime back at home, and now I could see just what one was like in person, albeit a bit harrier than expected. I had to admit, she had a sweet sounding voice and looked pretty cute for a wolf.

I put my hand right under her front legs and in front of her hind ones. I picked her up gently, and placed her across my shoulders. She was a lot lighter than she looked. Only weighing at the most eighty pounds. "Wow. You're a lot more fluff than I thought you'd be."

She huffed and got right into my face. "And what is that supposed to mean!? Are you trying to say I look fat!?" I started laughing as I headed back towards the clearing. "Why no, of course not. All I was saying was you're a lot more fluff and fur than What I originally thought. I guessed your coat was gonna be really thin."

She rolled her eyes and let me carry her the rest of the way in silence. When I got back into camp I saw Izzy was still sound asleep, so I walked to the fire and laid Yuki down next to it. "I'll be setting up a tent later on, so for now I hope you don't mind sleeping near a fire."

Yuki sighed and stared wistfully into the night sky. "I don't care, though I wish I was back with my pack so I would have someone to sleep next to..." I heard the loneliness in her words, so I laid down behind her and wrapped my arms around her stomach.
You're spooning with a dog...didn't see that coming.


"Is that better? Now you won't feel like you're sleeping all on your own , right?" She shifted her head away from me and tucked her tail up by her leg. "Well...it..it's not like I'm making you do this, but if you want to sleep next to me...I guess I'll let you."

I hugged her just a little closer, and I could feel the muscles in her back and side relax.
Wow...she's really playing up the tsun act huh? Ah well...it just makes her cuter anyway...
I brought the hand that wasn't wrapped around Yuki and used it to pet her. As I ran my fingers through the long white fur on her head, I started to drift off.

"Hey...Izzy?" I heard a shuffling before my dark dressed friend came to kneel by me. "Yes Zach?" I gestured towards the fire and looked up at him, my eyes drifting shut. "Can you...watch for tonight?" Thankfully he was able to understand me through my sleepy mumbling.

"Yeah...no problem. Have a good night's rest." I let my eyes close and smiled at him as he walked towards the fire. With my fluffy new friend asleep in my arms, I let the warmth of the fire come over me, and joined her. "
Don't forget to write that journal tomorrow..."



Alright everybody, That is the end of the first part of Zach in Equestria!



I hope you all enjoyed it as much as I did, and I can't wait to see you when I continue.



My plan is to go back and edit some older chapters and smooth out their rough edges, probably gonna expand them a bit.



After that I will be putting some effort into WtP, So that my followers of that series can finally get their fix.



I wish you all the best, and thanks again for having faith in an idiot like me.


>