


Chapter 15 Trust You (Inspired by Yuna Ito's 'Trust You')




Author's Note:



It's the final chapter :'(



I'd like to thank everyone who read it, till the end or not.


I truly loved writing it, but there are still a few things that I want to say.



This final chapter was inspired by Yuno Ito's 'Trust You', a song that I liked from the moment I heard it and it fits this story rather well.



The original text and it's translation can be found on the web.


I can really recommend the live version on youtube.


If this were a movie, this song would be part of the end credits, with a lot of flashbacks to different scenes.



Secondly, I actually had a few different endings planned for this story but decided to go with the happy ending.


It would've only been depressing if I'd used some of the other endings.



One ending connected to the movie with Rachel being an elderly woman and the destruction of Earth by the Drej but I threw that idea into the trash bin pretty quickly.


But if we follow the movie timeline, and people still age normally around the beginning of the 31st century this could've been a possibility.


If her parents were still alive by that time and if they never left Earth again they would be quite old and they either would've died in the attack or made it to the evacuation ships.



Another ending I came up with was even more depressing. It would've taken place roughly 20 years later with Rachel as a middle-aged woman.


In this version, she is visited by her adult adopted daughter who asks her about her father. Yes, Arzu died an untimely death due to a rare disease for which there was no treatment.


And then she essentially starts telling her this story. Don't know how I came up with this. I guess I thought of the WORST thing that could happen.


It was much too depressing anyway.



So I picked the happy ending. :D


May your love last eternally!



Titan A.E. and Mantrins are copyright of 20th Century Fox.


'Trust You' copyright of Yuna Ito



In many ways
Tharea
, our town on one of the southern continents of Sogowa is similar to
Myr'uya
, the town on Solbrecht in which I grew up. It's about the same size, the terrain and climate surrounding the town were pretty much alike and its people were nice and generally open to other species and cultures. It reminded both of us very strongly of the place in which we met each other and in my case, the place in which I grew up. It is where Arzu and I decided to settle after we moved out of the house of his aunt and uncle who took us both under their wings. So as you've already guessed, this is not where my new life, or better said, our new lives on Sogowa started.

"I think she's fallen asleep," I whisper to Arzu, placing my hand carefully on the shoulder of the little girl in my lap. With just her head and her large ears resting on my belly, the rest of her body was sprawled out rather ungracefully, her long intricate legs spread in all directions, just like her arms. We talked a little more about all the memories we retrieved today and during that, Kiyala finally ran out of her seemingly endless supply of energy and it both surprised us how that often happened so suddenly. She never got tired. It looked as if someone simply pulled the plug out of her after a long day of running, jumping and enjoying every single bit of the outside world. We've caught her having fallen asleep in weird spots on more than one occasion. Most prominent example was the time when we thought we lost her. Turned out she had fallen asleep under one of the trees where she often picks her flowers. Were we relieved. "Hard to forget that first day. Your aunt and uncle were so nice to me. I miss them and the kids sometimes."

"They've grown up fast," Arzu says quietly. "Syrran joined the Imperial Guard which is what he wanted ever since he saw his father wear the uniform."

I chuckle.

"I remember that little hothead."

Smiling he takes a slight breath, his eyes drifting from me to Kiyala and back.

"Tahmae and Shihna are now about our age when we first arrived here."

Looking at my own daughter I close my eyes for a brief moment, remembering the day I met those kids for the first time and how they accepted us immediately as part of their family just like their parents did. That I was human seemed to make little difference to them. In fact, I think they liked me even more because of it.


The capital of Sogowa was truly an immense city, embedded within an enormous but somewhat shallow valley. When Arzu and I arrived on the city's busy space port together with his parents, who helped us to arrange everything and even followed us here since they had decided to make this a family visit, it didn't occur to us that much but the considerable time it took us to get from the space port to the outer districts of Ta'keth, by air nonetheless, made the effect of its size a bit more measurable. That didn't mean we didn't enjoy the trip as the view was marvelous, allowing for great sightseeing moments as the center of the new Mantrin Empire was a pristine example of culture, architecture and art combined with infrastructure to form the habitat of countless souls. Although almost completely environmentally friendly as Arzu told me due to the use of their most advanced technologies, this same fact allowed citizens to lead very modern lives with few of its flaws and many of its benefits.

"It's beautiful," I said to Arzu who grinned as he looked with me over my shoulder and pointed with a clawed finger at various places of interest.

He seemed to know quite a lot but of course he had family here and to make the long trip worthwhile they often stayed for longer periods of time. The aerial vehicle we occupied was very large to accommodate Mantrins of all sorts, shapes and sizes and had three rows for passengers. We shared the backseats with Arzu's parents sitting in front of us. On top of that, due to the low altitude flying and average speed of the vehicle it had an open roof but large windshields to protect its passengers as it cut through the air. Still, Arzu's long ears flapped back lightly as the tips caught the stream of air sporadically. But the sun was shining, the temperature was great and the overall weather excellent. Arzu's enthusiasm which was well justified helped me to take my mind off the trip.

The trip took place aboard an interstellar passenger liner and although the trip took less than 24 hours and the ship had a lot to offer such as food, drink, entertainment and even fairly comfortable beds, I couldn't stop thinking about those final weeks on Solbrecht after my parents left and in which Arzu and I finished school. Yes, before you ask, they made it back to Earth safely. The messages took a while to get through the com channels but we did manage to exchange a few and I did my best to keep them updated. After that dark night things finally calmed down again in
Myr'uya
although the fear of another attack never vanished completely. Extra security and law enforcement had been commissioned to keep eye out in the first days after the attack but nothing happened, fortunately. They even searched the area around town to try and find out if they had some sort of community or training camp nearby but there was no trace of them. Their primitive appearance was misleading as they seemed to be well-organized. Being extremely loyal, it also turned out they would rather die than to be taken captive or let loose any kind of information about themselves. But Arzu and I had no time to bother with that. Stopping these attacks and trying to sort things out with them somehow was the job of the authorities and the government. It was our task to study our butts off to ace that exam or at least pass it and get our hands on those high school diplomas. It was important for everyone, but for us everything depended on it. We made that our promise. That way we could get jobs immediately and didn't have to live off Arzu's family when we went to Sogowa because that was a necessity and it turned out even more so the longer we stayed.

A human girl living with a Mantrin family, including the person she loved and would inevitably bond with. We couldn't keep that a secret for long. Nobody liked it and because of what happened, they were less inclined to keep their mouths shut about it. A few times it even turned into an argument but Arzu and I bit through that, knowing it would all be over as long as we worked hard. And we did. We studied together every day. We were both under a lot of pressure but during the days of the finals we were remarkably calm and kept our nerves under control. Possibly because Niryn and Reyzan had been so supportive and spoiled us as we worked. Speaking of Arzu's parents, our relationship caused people to start bothering Niryn in public during grocery shopping. I remember one time she came home so angry we feared she had killed someone. After shouting and cursing in her own language for about a minute for which she deeply apologized afterwards she told us she barely managed to restrain herself from doing that and that she had been less than an inch away from autographing someone's face with her claws. That incident only emphasized that the sooner Arzu and I left, the better. So we nailed those exams. Good grades across the board. I remember how happy we were because it opened up so many possibilities for us and made it much easier to start a new life someplace else. But it also meant that the moment of the final goodbyes to some very good friends who supported us till the bitter end was finally near. Yes, I'm actually talking about one in particular. Despite the distance, despite the fact that we wouldn't be seeing each other anymore, at least not very often, Clara Adams would always be my friend. When we were not studying we hung out as often as we could, a couple of times even without Arzu. He understood. He even insisted just the two of us would do things together a few times while he stayed at home. Yes, it was sad. I even considered it unjustified but those few guys who he thought were his friends eventually condemned him for being different, for being in love with a human girl. Keeping his head up he tried to act like he didn't care but I could see it in his eyes. Deep down he was hurting. But Clara did not and not even her parents. They tried to keep an open mind, tried to understand what we felt for each other. She hung out with us, despite what others thought and even came to Arzu's house a couple of times. She became a better friend than his ever were. She hugged him, she even gave him a kiss on the day we left. She cried. I cried too. I was gonna miss that girl. I promised I would visit her whenever I could. She promised too. As you might understand it was easier said than done but it was a promise nonetheless and it was a promise kept over time. But the first time we saw each other again was quite a long time after that first day on Sogowa, at least one and a half Sogowan year.


When the vehicle touched down on a marked spot on the pavement on the corner of a peaceful and quiet street outside the city center I waited for the driver to shut down completely before exiting the vehicle. But even before I opened the door on my side, my gaze was completely captured by my surroundings. I don't think I was entirely used to it yet but I figured here on Sogowa I simply needed to think big. These houses could be considered small mansions by human standards but for Mantrins they were pretty standard freestanding residences, although certainly larger than average if I compared them to the houses in most streets of
Myr'uya
. They were surrounded by gardens on all sides and small fences to separate them from the sidewalk and from each other. I was surrounded by the twittering of birds and the buzzing of small insects hopping from one fragrant flower to the other. Right next to me I heard laughter coming from the nearest house and when I turned my head I looked at two children playing with toy laser pistols. I couldn't resist smiling. Just the sound of those laughing and playing children lifted my mood to new heights. The temperature was just right with the slight breeze that accompanied it and the air that filled my lungs was fresh and smelled of blossoming flowers. From what I had seen from the city so far it was beautiful. There was a lot to see and I knew Arzu all wanted to show it to me. Speaking of which, the hand I suddenly felt on my shoulder was his as I was already lost inside a little dream. A dream that was about to become reality.

"Hey, you ready to go? It's the third house on the left."

Waking up from my little slumber, I turned around. He smiled and flicked an ear, eyes sparkling. He was going to be happy here too, I could feel it.

"Sure. I... I was just looking. It's all so nice here."

He hummed in affirmation.

"I know. I'll go get our stuff."

After Reyzan paid the driver for the trip, I think he asked if we needed help with our luggage but he respectfully declined. I didn't bring that much with me but we were going to retrieve the rest later from the space port where it was safely stored in a luggage depot. First we were going to meet with Arzu's aunt and uncle and introduce me. Chenaii was Niryn's sister and the name of their House was Aywah'li which sort of serves as their last name. The air cab left with the soft whine of its anti-grav systems but we had already taken our distance and had moved to the left sidewalk. Niryn put her stuff down, walked up to me and looked me closely in the eyes.

"Well Rachel, this is it. I really hope you'll like it here. My sister's very kind. She and her mate agreed to take care of you without hesitation."

I nodded and smiled genuinely.

"I like it already. It's so beautiful here." I was definitely gonna miss Niryn and Reyzan. I grew so close to them in the past few weeks. They had become my parents and I had become the daughter they loved just as much as their own son. Of course we still had our differences but we put those aside. I accepted theirs, they accepted mine. I only hoped the same would happen in new home where Arzu and I would start our new lives. "I really look forward to meeting them."

Niryn smiled, placing her hand on my shoulder, rubbing lightly.

"They'll love you. Arzu already told them so much about you. Even showed them your picture. They had no trouble understanding why he gave his hearts to you. They looked forward to the day they would finally meet you. And now that day has come." Nothing gave me any indication that these people carried the same thoughts toward relationships between members of their kind and others. Although other cultures were rather scarce here on Sogowa and though I feared I would still feel a bit like the outsider, I wouldn't have to be afraid of reactions of hatred from those around me. Humans were not entirely absent so they knew who we are, what we look like and where we come from. Relations between Earth and Sogowa are relatively good, just not that active. But true love knows no boundaries. In fact, Arzu and I spotted a human-Mantrin couple down at the space port. We didn't say anything, not to them or to each other. We merely exchanged smiles and those said more than a thousand words ever could. Nobody bothered them with it so why should we? "C'mon, let's go."

And so we went, taking a left at the driveway of the third house. It was big! But Arzu told me his aunt and uncle lived here with his three cousins so I was pretty sure they could use the extra space. The one-story house was build out of a cream-colored stone, with a wide double front door, large windows and asymmetrically shaped with a large addition on one side which was seamlessly integrated. A large vehicle was parked under a carport next to it. The roof was slightly pitched, covered with ceramic tiles in a similar but darker color than the walls. So this was going to be my new home. We had almost reached the front door when a small Sogowan girl appeared from behind the left side of the house. The first thing I noticed was a characteristic darker spot around her left eye and a somewhat floppy right ear. Since the whole place was surrounded by grass and gardens I suspected she came from the backyard. It was hard for me to estimate her age but if I had to guess and used Earth years, she couldn't be much older than seven, maybe eight. Niryn noticed just before she knocked. The girl smiled widely, one ear flattening, tail beating the grass but then she just turned around and sped away the way she came.

"
Mommy, mommy! It's Arzu and aunt Niryn and uncle Reyzan!"
she shouted.

Niryn called after her.

"
Shihna, wait! I'll just-
" She shook her head.
"Never mind. Why do I even bother?"


It didn't matter though. A slight moment later, she came back, with her mother, her brother and her older sister in tow. I remember I instinctively moved a little closer to Arzu. I think I was still a bit anxious to meet these people as I didn't know them, only heard about them. But the obvious joy on the faces of Chenaii and her kids quickly relieved some of that anxiety.

"
Arzuuuuuu!"


Crying with laughter they ran toward him, surrounded him and hugged his legs. He laughed, petting their heads, rubbing between their ears. The youngest girl, Shihna, tried to look at me stealthily from behind his leg, but when I smiled she smiled back.

"
We really like it that you're gonna live with us now."


"
Do you wanna be our big brother?"


Arzu merely chuckled at their request.

"
I'll try my best."


Niryn greeted her sister, touching her beak to hers, purring softly. Chenaii was only a year younger than she was but she looked slightly different. Of course she was a Sogowan too but her reddish brown skin was a bit lighter, creating less contrast between her lighter patches and the overall base color. Her beak was a tad pointier too, with a sharper tip and her tail was shorter than Niryn's as were her thighs, giving her a bit more compact build, but only very slightly. Even I could tell that they were definitely sisters.

"
It's good to see you. So that's her?"


Her eyes flashed in my direction for a second. Niryn nodded.

"
Be careful what you say. She speaks our language. More than enough to understand what we're saying."


Reyzan greeted her too, briefly touching beaks as did Arzu when he finally managed to pry Chenaii's children off his legs. Since I was the only one left, I suddenly, if I liked it or not, turned into the center of the attention with all of them looking at me. But Chenaii didn't let the silence last for long as she walked toward me, lowering herself slightly to come over as less intimidating due to her size. However, although she couldn't know , I had gotten pretty used to that. Due to their stance, her legs seemed to close around me, even though she didn't stand that close. But her smile, lacking the sharper fangs of her sister, was convincing enough.

"Hello, Rachel. As you probably know, I'm Chenaii, House of Aywah'li. I'm sorry for my English. It's not so good as my sister's but maybe you can help me with that. You do speak a few words of
Saerinian
, don't you?"

Her voice was covered by a pretty heavy accent when she spoke English where Niryn's was almost completely absent. Her English was interlaced with
Saerinian
words she didn't know the translation of but I was still able to understand. I really appreciated her efforts so I thanked her in her language instead, introducing myself afterwards. My
Saerinian
was still far from perfect. In the days after the finals while we awaited the results, I still studied and this time Arzu and sometimes his parents were my teachers. Although I did my best and had less trouble with vocabulary, my pronunciation, hampered by the lack of strength and ability of my human vocal cords, was a pain sometimes. Still I refused to give up and by the time we were ready for the big step, I was capable of making myself understandable in a variety of different situations.

"
Hey, you're pretty good. Don't worry. If you need help with anything, just tell me."


"
I will, thank you."


She smiled again.

"
C'mon, let's get your stuff inside and I'll show you the house and your room."
Going in through the front door first she stepped aside to let us in and closed it behind her kids who came in last.
"Gharu promised he would come home today, I just don't know when,"
she said, leading us to the part of the house that functioned as living room. As expected, the house was very large and just like in Arzu's house, the signs of their rich culture where everyone. From the large woven cloths on the walls with artistic forms of their writing on it, including a very large one, covering the entire height from the floor to the ceiling. It was flanked by two smaller ones but I noticed that the symbol in the center of the largest was engraved in the wood of the front doors as well. Without explanation I could tell it was the crest of their House surrounded by the names of the members of the family. Its meaning was identical to the one in Arzu's house. They also had a
Joyt
, resting on its stand in the corner of the room. Its design was different but equally beautiful and the instrument was in a very fine condition too. Centralized in the middle was a very large wooden table, surrounded by no less than ten seating pillows. Everything else was oriented around this seating place, where they came together for family activities. Large fragrant plants spread the faint smell of blossom through the entire house. But they had modern technology too, including a large holo TV or at least something similar to what we were used to. When I caught a glimpse of the kitchen area I saw plenty of modern appliances. In many ways it was all pretty similar to the houses of modernized Mantrins on Solbrecht. The backyard was enormous too. The patio doors were open to keep the fresh air circulating and apparently Arzu's cousins had been playing outside because I saw various sorts of toys lingering around.
"I'll show you to your rooms, it's upstairs."
And there were several bedrooms, one for Chenaii and her mate, one for their son and one for their two daughters and apparently they had two guestrooms for visitors. The last and final one she showed to us personally since this would be our room.
"I hope you don't mind that it's a double bed. We can get separate beds if you like."


She tried explaining it in English too but we both agreed that it wasn't a problem at all. Arzu laughed.

"
I think Rachel slept in my bed too many times already before we decided to temporarily get a separate one for her."


I laughed.

"
I didn't mind.
Except for that time you rolled on top of me in your sleep."

We both laughed it off and Arzu's aunt couldn't resist a chuckle either. I already liked her. She didn't seem to have any trouble letting us stay in her house, accepting us into her family. For now we left our luggage for what it was to go back downstairs. Chenaii got us all some refreshments but the moment Arzu and I came downstairs, his cousins were waiting for us near the large table, all with curious looks on their faces. They finally seemed to have gathered the courage to talk to me. The oldest girl did a step forward and smiled.

"
Hey. My name's Tahmae. This is my sister Shihna and my brother Syrran. What's your name?"


Because she used simple words, I was able to understand her pretty well. They were sweet. Syrran was the oldest. His skin was a bit darker than his sisters' and he seemed less talkative. I would find out later, that he also had a fairly healthy temper for a boy his age. Tahmae and Shihna looked a lot like each other and they didn't differ much in age. They were like twins with Tahmae being the oldest.

"
Hi, I'm Rachel. Nice to meet you."


The beaks of the two girls fell open.

"
She speaks our language. Hey, you wanna play with us?"


"
Children."
The adults had already settled around the table and had started up a conversation under the delight of a refreshing drink. Chenaii gestured us to join them but we were being held up by the curiosity of her children.
"Let them sit. They must be tired from their long trip."


I wanted to say that it was okay and I actually slept well aboard the ship but maybe it was better to sit down first. So I did, choosing one of the floor pillows while Arzu picked the one on my right and the children each grabbing a pillow and shoving it as close to mine as possible before sitting down. I was now effectively surrounded by them and they were like gaping at me, studying me. It didn't even bother me at all. In fact, I thought it was kind of cute.

"
Can you teach us a little of your language?"
Syrran asked.

I smiled.

"
Sure."


"
How do you say, 'moiseh'?"


"
You say
'hello'.
"


"Hello, Rachel."

Then they just giggled, all three of them. I got caught in it too.

"
And how do you say 'hyami'?"


"
You say
'thank you'."

They struggled a little with the 'th', so tried to teach him how to work with their tongue between their teeth. I also noticed that Tahmae lisped a little when she tried to correct her younger sister.

"Tank you, Rachel."

"
No, it's

th
ank you.
Th
ank you."

"
You're spitting in my face!"
Shihna said indignantly, wiping her cheeks with quick strokes.

"
Sorry,"
Tahmae said, her ears lowering.

Syrran couldn't contain his curiosity anymore either. But he focused on one of my unique traits. A trait only one race of Mantrin possessed and they were fairly uncommon.

"
Your hair is really beautiful."


"
Thanks."


Now he instantly had his sisters' attention back to me and they couldn't restrain themselves anymore.

"
Can I touch it?"


"
Wow, it's so soft."


"
I wish I had hair like that."


"
Children please! You're being very rude."


Chenaii didn't sound angry but her voice carried a lot of authority. Something told me she would not tolerate being contradicted. Her children apologized for their behavior, to their mother and to me but I told their mom it was okay, giving all three a light pet on the head. Shihna had practically crawled into my lap but to make it a little easier for them I held out a piece of my hair to them. All I heard were sounds of admiration. They were so gentle, so innocent.

"
I like you, Rachel."


"
Me too."


"
Don't forget me."


Tahmae suddenly smiled at me, trying to look around me. I almost forgot that Arzu sat behind me too, until I felt his hand on my shoulder, rubbing fondly.

"
So, Arzu told us that you're both in love. Is it true?"
With visible suspense on their faces they waited for our response. But instead of saying it, he rested his head on my shoulder, purring lightly as he rubbed his cheek to mine. Answering his affection, I placed a soft kiss on the side of his beak.
"Aw, that's so romantic,"
Tahmae said with a loving look on her face.

Even their mother complimented us.

"
You two look so sweet together."


Finally a reaction that I loved to hear. No more secretive stuff. Showing our feelings toward each other in an open and honest way without carrying the burden of disapproval and hatred. I've longed for that for such a long time. It made me feel so happy. It gave me that warm and fuzzy feeling back. That same feeling I got when he admitted his love for the first time. Syrran grunted.

"
Love is stupid
,
"
he said with a snort, turning his head away.

"
No, it's not,"
Tahmae attacked him.
"You are stupid."


Shihna stuck out her tongue. Arzu laughed.

"
Your brother just never experienced it. Syrran, you will know when you meet that special girl."


No response. He simply looked the other way, staring madly into the direction of the living room's entrance. But it turned out there was another reason why he looked in that particular direction. His ears cocked when he heard the sound of the front door opening. Someone entered and it could only be the last missing member of the family. The thumping of large clawed feet on the stone approached us and a slight moment later, a pretty large and very muscular Sogowan male entered the living room, greeting us in his own language. He was dressed fully in the red long-sleeved shirt and pants of the Imperial Guard uniform. The insignias on his collar indicated his status as a high-ranking officer. Not that it mattered. Right here in this house, he was the father of the children in front of me and Chenaii's loving mate. When his children ran up to him, he received them with open arms lifting Shihna on his enormous left leg and Tahmae on the other. Only Syrran, who was getting too big for that, hugged his father's waist. Using his long muscular tail for extra balance he was able to stand like that without much effort. I began to wonder how often these children got to see their father. As an Imperial Guard officer he would occasionally go out on missions in deep space. That was part of the job. As I expected, after his reunion with his mate, he was just as happy to accept us as members of their family. His voice was very deep and powerful but there was kindness in his eyes. I noticed it when we got into a conversation. Just as much as Chenaii would be a substitute for my mother, like Niryn had been, Gharu would be my father, like Reyzan. From that moment on, I realized I was going to miss Arzu's parents, just like I missed my own.

Later that day, after a very extensive traditional dinner around the table with the entire family, prepared by Chenaii and her mate and Niryn and Reyzan, Arzu's aunt and uncle asked for a small moment to talk to me alone. It was nothing special. They just asked me if everything was okay, if I felt comfortable, if there was something they could do for me besides all they had done for me already.

"
If there's anything that bothers you, please tell us, okay?"


I thanked them for their hospitality and kindness, telling them that everything was all right. It was more than I could ever have hoped for. Of course there were some challenges to overcome. I felt okay talking to them. However in public the language could be a slight problem. Nothing I couldn't work on and learn eventually but still. Other than that, Arzu and I had to integrate into society, a bigger challenge for me than for him and we had to find ourselves a job. If I wanted to become a doctor I had to find a way to continue my education. Unfortunately there wasn't much Chenaii and Gharu could do to help me with that but they would do their best to help us in any way they could.

"
C'mon Rachel!"
Tahmae yelled from the patio doors. Everyone, including Niryn and Reyzan had gone outside, watching the children play. Arzu sat in the grass playing with them instead. He really enjoyed himself with them, as they hung around his neck, licked his cheeks and climbed on his back. I think he loved children. It looked so innocent, a boy his age playing with little kids like he was still one of them.
"Don't you wanna play with us?"


I laughed.

"
I'm coming."


"
Let's go,"
Chenaii said gesturing toward the backyard.
"We'll continue our talk later."


And so we joined the others too under the last rays of the setting sun. But at the very end of that day, Arzu and I watched the sunset together from the driveway near the front of the house. I stood with my back against his belly, his hands interlocked in front of my chest.

"It's so beautiful."

He hummed in affirmation, touching his beak to my head, brushing through my hair, purring lightly.

"Are you feeling okay with this? Is there anything that bothers you?"

I thought about that for a second before grabbing his wrists, unlocking his hands and turning around to face him. He smiled.

"No." Then I looked down at his belly. There was something but there was little he or anyone else could do to change that. "But, I do miss my parents sometimes."

"I understand. You loved your parents very much."

I nodded but then smiled again.

"But let's not talk about that. It was such a beautiful day. I hope that's a good sign."

Arzu flattened an ear and raised on eye ridge.

"You believe in that sorta stuff?"

"I thought your people would be more open to that!" I said quasi-indignantly, giving him a playful tap on his chest.

"I-I am. I just never thought you believed in destiny."

I shook my head.

"Doesn't matter." Resting my head on his chest, listening to the double beat of his hearts as the last rays of Sogowa's sun touched my skin, I took a long deep breath. "Arzu, I love you. I trust you."

I trusted him completely. So much in fact that I had no trouble believing that Arzu would do anything to ensure my safety and keep his sworn promise to my mother. Letting my hands crawl up to his shoulders, I looked up to him and asked him to close his eyes. He seemed to know what was coming so he closed them and opened his mouth just a little bit, creating a tiny opening between his lips. All I could think of when my lips touched his, was our future and how I was going to share it with him till the end.


That was more than eight Earth years ago. Arzu and I bonded on Sogowa, a very special bondage because of one half of it being human. We weren't looked down upon. In fact, it became a very special occasion. When you decide to live on another world, eventually you still come into contact with members of your own kind. Other human-Mantrin couples became friends but we even came into contact with fully human couples who had decided to start a new life here. Of course, we invited them to our wedding and it was unbelievable how many of them accepted the invitation and gave us their blessing. Our wedding was traditional with elements from both our cultures. That meant I still got to wear my wedding dress, something I've always wanted, but there were a number of rituals involved too in which Arzu and I both had to take part. It was also the first time that I saw both my parents and Clara again. I insisted that they were at my wedding so I did what I could to get them there. As you might understand, the reunion was quite emotional but the tears that were shed were ones of happiness and that's all that mattered.

To start making a living for ourselves, Arzu and I both got jobs. Sorry to disappoint you but, I never became that doctor that I wanted to be. However it's not that I don't enjoy my work at the community center in the town where we moved when looking for a place of our own. When working with young children or elders and because I look so different from them, they're always curious to know who I am and where I come from. Because of that they open up to me a lot faster too. Arzu on the other hand, well he did thread into his father's footsteps. He found a way to combine work and education so he could study the things he found interesting and earn money to support us. So he became an engineer and eventually got employed by a large corporation that designed and constructed anything from the anti-grav systems of hover vehicles, to some major components of the colossal propulsion systems of the warships of the Imperial Guard. I think Arzu can be proud of what he was accomplished so far. At least I'm proud of him.

For obvious reasons, Arzu and I could never have a child of our own. I don't think I will have to explain, right? When we fell in love, we both silently accepted that fact. It wasn't a point. It wouldn't stand in our way. But still, after we married and even before our bondage, Arzu often talked how he loved the idea of raising a kid, a boy or a girl, human or Mantrin, it didn't matter to him. Something you should know, orphans are pretty rare on Sogowa. Deciding to have a child is a very important decision and childbirth is often celebrated with rituals and ceremonies. That leaves only unfortunate accidents and natural reasons as the primary causes of a child becoming an orphan. However, Kiyala still came to us that way. That little girl lost her mother during childbirth and her father not so long thereafter due to an accident on an orbital array in the line of duty. She was barely one Sogowan year old when it happened. I was so glad that me being human did not stand in the way of us becoming her new parents. Of course Kiyala knows she's adopted. It was hard to keep that secret, again for obvious reasons. But that didn't stop her from loving both of us just as much as if we had both been the same species. Of course other children at her school had asked her why her mother looks different. But she always has her own answer for that:
"Because my mommy is special."
I love that girl. She is my daughter and she never had any problems with it.

"I'm gonna take her upstairs," I said, adding deeds to my words, gently rolling her over so I could scoop her up under her legs and back which was easier said than done if I didn't want to wake her up. But today she seemed totally drained. She just continued sleeping in my arms, grabbing at my chest with her right hand, mumbling a little in her sleep, her legs and tail dangling. I let out a very soft groan when she did, glad she dropped her arm next to her eventually.

"You okay?" Arzu asked.

I nodded.

"I think she scratched me but it's okay."

I was beginning to wonder for how long I would be able to carry her like this. Lately she had been gaining weight and muscle mass quickly. Even when playing with her as a little child I noticed very early how strong she was in her arms and legs. That strength would only continue to grow as she got older. So slowly, step by step I walked out of the room with her, up the stairs and to her bedroom, with Arzu behind me as backup, just in case. But I managed to gentle place her into her bed and under the cover. Just when I thought I made it, she mumbled something, her eyes two very tiny slits.

"Mommy?"

"It's all right, sweetheart. Go to sleep." Bowing down I placed a soft kiss on her forehead and gently touched her head for a second. Barely after breaking contact she was gone again. Arzu gently touched his beak to his daughter's too before we turned down the light in her room completely and left, closing the door and went to our bedroom. "She forgot to brush her teeth but I don't wanna wake her up. She has school tomorrow. I think we can skip it for this one time."

The next day when walking Kiyala to school we had almost reached the school grounds when she askes me a question. It wasn't an odd question. I just didn't expect it. It's another beautiful day, just like the day before. Little clouds, a sun that is pretty warm already and a smile on the face of my daughter always made a day better. But the way that ear of her is flattened and that curious look makes me wonder how long she had been thinking about it before asking me.

"Mommy? What were you and daddy talking about yesterday?"

We reach her school. Children are playing all kinds of games. In fact, Kiyala's own friends had seen her coming and are waiting at a small distance when they saw her mother had sunken through her knees to be more equal in height.

"Well, Kiyala. You know where your father and I come from, right?"

She nods firmly.

"Uh-huh, you both come from Solbrecht."

"Your daddy and I just talked about how we met each other and how we fell in love."

"You also know what love is."

More nodding.

"It's when two Mantrins or a human and a Mantrin like each other veeeeeery much."

I smile. In the meantime her friends had come closer and closer and even called her name.

"You know what?" I say with a little tap between her nostrils. "When you get home after school, I'll tell you about it. Okay?"

"Okay."

Then she hugs me, very firmly, her arms wrapped around my neck, giving me a lick on my cheek. She doesn't even give me the chance to kiss her back. She just runs off, unaware of the story that awaits her.

Written from the memories of Rachel and Arzu

The song that you taught me
Is still, in the deepest reaches of my heart
Echoing, along with that gentle voice.
Overflowing droplets of feelings
Warmly run down my cheeks
"Become stronger
Believe
We're connected"
I'm always by your side

I love you
I trust you
The tears I've shed for you
I love you
I trust you
Have taught me what love is
No matter how lost you get
I'll be by your side

>