

Three months had passed since the family had been reunited. So far, everything had been looking up since then. Ever since Roll got the biomass she needed for her candy organs, she had been doing better than ever. Finn himself had been happier about everything going on. The Ice King had been injured so bad that he was going to take a while to recover, though living with Princess Bubblegum inside her own castle was something he was still getting used to.
Finn found himself in a room by himself within the Candy Castle. He was wearing a tuxedo without his white hat, and he was looking at himself in the mirror, seeing his own long blonde hair in the mirror that made him feel embarrassed. "Maybe I should've let Peppermint Butler cut my hair," he muttered, remembering an offer that had been made before, but he didn't want to dwell on it. He heard a knock at his door and saw Marceline enter through the opened door, wearing a slightly big black hat to protect her from the sun and dawning matching dress. "Hey, hero," she greeted Finn while floating off the ground, carefree as usual. Nothing much had changed in her appearance over the years. Being an immortal vampire had that as a benefit.
"Hey, Marcy. What's up?" Finn responded, wondering what she wanted. "I just thought I'd come congratulate you. Thanks for letting me play the reception, by the way," Marceline claimed. Today, Finn and Princess Bubblegum were getting married, and for them to say the least, it had taken a few months of planning to pull it off in the end. "Peebs wanted you to do it. We owe you a lot. If you hadn't spent that time teaching me how to raise a child, I don't think it'd have gone well like it has now," he thanked his vampiric friend. She just shrugged. "How come you know so much about children anyway?" Finn had to try and ask at last, after that was in his head in a particular time, stunning Marceline and making her a little making her go silent before getting her thoughts together.
"Promise not to tell anyone?" Marceline mumbled. "I promise," Finn swore, wondering if it was a sensitive subject for her. "Well… me and Ash were… you know, considering it before breaking up," Marceline awkwardly admitted that she and her ex-boyfriend had considered conceiving a child, but they had decided against it in the end. "Oh… sorry for asking," he apologized. Afterwards, Peppermint Butler peeked his head through the door, letting Finn and Marceline see him. "Everything's ready, Finn," he stated, making him smile and get up to begin with the wedding ceremony. "You never told me what Roll's part was in the wedding," Marceline stated, wondering what his daughter was going to do in the wedding. "Flower girl. She practiced all week throwing those flowers everywhere," Finn just laughed while hoping the wedding went well like they planned it.
Soon, Finn found himself waiting at the altar with his best man Jake with him. Then, entire focus was brought on the Princess Bubblegum who was wearing her white expensive looking wedding dress. Finn could see the other princesses, and various friends he had helped or been on adventures with in the past, all of which assembled the audience. Finn was in silence and awe, just seeing Bubblegum like this.
Before Finn knew it, she was standing beside him and he was being told to read his vows. Roll stood nearby with some of the other girls, watching in a spot where Finn could see them. He was just glad his daughter was enjoying the Candy Kingdom. He had never seen her upset or in pain nearly as much since a few months ago.
The ceremony lasted for an hour from the couple reading their vows to each other. They saw a smile on the candy person that was uniting the two together. "Do you, Finn, take Bubblegum, as your lovely wedded wife to rule alongside her over the Candy Kingdom as king?" he questioned. Finn nodded. "I do," he swore, still somewhat mentally unforgiving of himself for not doing this seven years ago. "And do you, Bubblegum, take Finn as your king to spend the rest of your years with, as king and queen?" he asked. Bubblegum was still unable to believe that she was actually getting married, having not expected this to occur at this age in her life. "I do," she smiled.
"Then I now pronounce you man and wife," he announced. "You may now kiss the bride," he claimed. And so, Finn and Bubblegum pulled each other into a hug, and they shared a kiss to each other's lips. The sounds of their friends and family clapping and cheering for them thundered around the area.
A little later, at the wedding reception, Finn was sitting alongside Bubblegum, listening to Marceline playing some light metal tunes with the assistance of two skeletons that had been brought back from the dead. No one minded since the music was good anyway. Finn looked over to his newlywed, Bubblegum, who was feeding Roll a slice of the cake. "It's really sweet," Roll giggled while she took the rest of the slice of cake and went back to the other children.
"Finn… did you really invite the Ice King?" Bubblegum had to question, knowing he had sent an invitation out to the person that he had nearly murdered a few months back alone, but Finn gave a thumbs up. "I had to. I mean, I kind of broke a few of his bones and his nose. I owe him," Finn answered, though in reality, he had sent the invite to the Ice King, just to get the point across that Bubblegum was no longer the princess he had been trying to marry for the longest time, and he knew the news alone was probably devastating enough to the insane blue skinned wizard to probably keep him away.
Finn and Bubblegum just enjoyed the reception, wanting to just try and forget the last seven years apart and make up for the lost time.











>