


Disclaimer: I am just playing in the talented world of Jo Rowling. I do not own any of the characters apart from my OCs' and the storyline.



A/N: HEY GUYS, THIS IS A CHAPTER TO BRING IN THE NEW YEAR.



Recently my updates have been woefully absent and for that I am sorry, but my inspiration was just not there. I have to admit that I have gotten some pretty horrific PMs and they have been personal attacks. Whilst I appreciate that you may not like the story or some aspects of it, please don't attack me personally. Thanks.



Moving on, this story IS NOT ABADONED. However, updates will be slow. I did write this story when I was about 10, so yes, some things seem improbable, but if you have continued to read this far, please don't give up yet. This story will cover only the First Year at Hogwarts so is winding down.



Now onto the reviewers... I love you and here are my responses to what you so kindly contributed (please continue to do so)



Traveler301- I am glad that you liked this story and hope you keep on reading.



Chise Sakamoto- I am thrilled you enjoyed this, hopefully this chapter keeps you interested.



fallondyson- I know this is late, but here is the update. Keep reading and reviewing



T.K. angel- Hey I was thrilled by your feedback, I understand and fully appreciate your concerns about Ally. However, the story does get a bit more realistic as time goes on, I did write this as a small child also please be aware that it is fanfiction so I did take liberties with this. For me the fact that you cared enough to give such an indepth analysis makes me very happy, it certainly shows that as an author I may have some potential. I hope you enjoy this chapter.



pennyiswise- thanks for the review once again.



So now, on with the story...



Chapter 19- Planning? What Planning?


Headmaster Dumbledore was a wise wizard, but he often seemed to forget that he was human. He regarded himself as infallible, something that was someday going to cost him greatly- but for now he remained complacent. As he stared from where he was disillusioned in the library at a specific set of First Years, he found himself wondering how it was that a mere First Year had managed a spell that would bar all members of staff from ever revealing her bloodline and purity until she wished, he speculated that she had had help, but he couldn't imagine from whom. It never occurred to him that the Black family was more into the Dark Arts and knew more of it than he ever would.

For that was exactly what Ally Black had done! She had somehow made it impossible for any to breathe about her parentage, and it seemed to be a mass spell, affecting others outside of Hogwarts' walls. This was done without his consent! It should not be allowed, yet he could not prove anything. It made him furious, what was worse was that no one seemed to care apart from him! It had never occurred to him that this was because it wasn't any of his business.

Meanwhile, Ally was studying, or at least attempting to.

"Ally, I don't understand this," Neville whined, pushing a half completed Potions essay in front of her.

"Okay… what do you want me to do about it," Ally asked, knowing full well what he wanted. However, she was not going to make it easy on him, it exasperated her as to how lazy Neville and Susan actually were, they just seemed to think that asking her for help was the correct solution to all of their issues, it was a solution but not the right one. She knew that she was intelligent and powerful, too powerful and smart for her age, she blamed the Dark magic running through her veins for that, but it was a blessing in some respects.

"Help me," Neville half-snarled.

Exam season had hit Hogwarts and now there was a frenzy of last minute revision. Unfortunately for Ally she already knew all this stuff due to her photographic memory meaning that other's still asked her for help. It still annoyed her that the one thing she could not remember was who her birth mother was, it seemed to be an adverse effect of the Dark magic.

It had soon become obvious to Ally what the group dynamic was and it worried her, as she floated off to the talking section of the library only one person noticed and followed her, Blaise. Ally grimaced, over the past few months she could feel a schism erupting between Neville, Susan and her, they had been good friends before but close proximity was straining the bonds. Close to breaking them, the bonds were becoming harder to maintain.

"Hey," Blaise muttered as he sank down on the ground next to the young woman he considered a sister. To his shock Ally moved closer to him, settling into his side and allowing his right arm to drape around her shoulders. Ally wasn't much for physical contact so this rare show of affection was endearing.

"Hi. How's your mum," Ally asked, she had not heard from Emerald in a while, so was intrigued to know how she was. She didn't notice the raspy quality of her voice but Blaise did, but he wisely chose not to comment on it.

"Busy, she misses me, apparently."

Ally managed a weak smile at the sardonic comment, her voice quivered slightly as she spoke, "I'm sure she misses you, Blaise, most mothers' do."

"Are you okay," Blaise asked, noting the quiver. But Blaise Zabini had known Ally Black for far too many years and knew her too well to not call her out on the quiver that he had heard.

Ally shrugged, "I think I'm seeing everything slightly more clearly now, something that I often forget when trying to help the bigger picture. I think this is something that you and Daphne have already seen," the use of the longer form of Daphne's name and its relevance was not lost on Blaise.

"What did you work out?" The enquiry sounded innocent enough, but Blaise's eyes revealed his curiosity.

"They are not cut out for it," Ally gestured towards Neville and Susan, "the fact that they hang around is some credit but they do not truly believe in what needs to be done and will balk at it."

Blaise nodded, "Then maybe we carry on being their friends but doing what is necessary?"

Ally smiled, she understood what Blaise was saying rather cryptically. Essentially he was telling her to keep her friends but to rely on himself and Daphne for the really strenuous things, because it was the only way things were going to get done at any reasonable speed.

"I think that may be for the best."

In later years Daphne Greengrass would often wonder how it was that she and her friends had managed to pass their exams that year. From Neville's moaning over how hard everything was, to Susan demanding help, it was a wonder that they had ever managed it. It was even more of a wonder how the hell Ally Black had managed to keep what remained of her sanity in those weeks, a feat which garnered her great admiration from Daphne.

Harry's scar was hurting. Tracey was even surlier than usual because of her worry. Megan- more timid. Blaise and Ally were the only ones apart from herself not about to have a breakdown, which was perhaps why they all managed to pass somehow.

The written exams were easier than the practical for some, but for the majority of their group they had managed the practical better on the whole.

Snape's Potions' exam had featured the Forgetfulness Potion. This was rather unfair, in Daphne's opinion given the fact that the fumes from it would cause the potioneer to forget some of the instructions if not all, but it was a good test of skill and natural ability- but it really did not favour Neville.

Daphne who was waiting on Ally to finish her Transfiguration exam was thrilled to see McGonagall glare at her friend when she managed to transform her mouse into a snuffbox with one fluid swish of her wand. The fact that the design was not grey like the mouse and completely transfigured into a beautiful bejewelled snuffbox seemed to be too much for the Head of Gryffindor who merely sniffed before dismissing Ally, something which the younger witch had pointedly ignored.

Flitwick's exam was probably the least nerve-wracking practical; they had to make a pineapple tap dance across the desk. Daphne smirked as hers executed the perfect dance, but grimaced when Susan's pineapple didn't move at all and then burst into flame whilst Neville's executed summersaults instead of tap-dancing, but she supposed it had at least moved.

Astronomy was a lunar chart that had Megan in tears and Tracey begging for Draco's blood when he accidentally on purpose upset his inkwell on her chart. Thankfully before Tracey could be locked away for murder Professor Sinistra vanished all the ink from Tracey's work. Ally and Harry had done surprisingly well, or so Daphne thought.

The last exam was the written History of Magic paper. Daphne had found this particularly difficult even though she had studied with both Blaise and Ally to whom this was quite easy. Ally may not have gone to any of the lessons but she still learnt the stuff that she needed to know, not that Ally particularly cared for her grades in general, but she was at school so she might as well try.

Daphne sighed as she put down her quill for the last time and headed out into the sunlight for the last time after her exams, where she was quickly joined by all her friends.

"That was brutal," moaned Susan as she lay under the shade of the willow tree.

Daphne snorted delicately, "Are you kidding, Bones, we have spent the last few days grilling you on this stuff, how could you still have found it that difficult?"

Neville immediately jumped to his crush's defence, "She isn't the only one who found it hard, Daphne. I did too."

"Guys, can we please not start an argument," Megan begged, she really didn't want her cousin to get into a fight at this point in time, they were meant to be relaxing. Exams were over, they needed the time to wind down, not erupt in flames.

"I agree with Megs on this one," Tracey commented lazily from where she was laying on her back gazing up into the brilliant blue sky.

"I don't want a fight," Daphne responded to her cousins, "I'm just saying that Bones should not have really found it that hard."

Sensing the danger in the topic, Blaise quickly changed it, "Did you hear Granger's moaning?"

"The better question is who didn't," Ally smirked at the boy she considered an older brother.

"True enough," Blaise replied.

"Can you two please stop that and actually tell us," Harry asked, the heat was nice but he was getting fed up of them being so cryptic.

"She asked me two weeks ago if I thought that the 1637 Werewolf Code would come up, and I told her that it wouldn't."

"So of course she thinks that Ally's lying and revises it anyway and then comes up to her to tell her that she hates her for being right," Blaise finished off, laughing slightly.

"Well, you can't exactly blame Hermione," Susan told them, "After all Ally isn't exactly nice to anyone."

Neville nodded in agreement, it was seldom that he and Susan disagreed.

Harry was the only one to notice how much Ally's face had fallen at Susan's words and Neville's actions. They were rather callous, and it worried him.

"Guys, Ally does care about people, that much is obvious and she can be nice, and it's not like Granger tried to get along with her," Harry defended.

Blaise quickly jumped in, "You are naïve, Susan. You see everything in black and white."

Daphne re-joined with her comment, "I agree. You need to recognise the shades of grey, because that's the best way to do these things."

Tracey snickered, "I may not always agree with you dearest cousin, but on this I do. Neville, Susan you really need to see what lies beneath the exterior."

Even softly spoken Megan had to agree with her cousins, "You two supposedly know Ally the best, yet you seem to comprehend her least of us all."

Neville scowled and stood up, "You know what? You are all blinded by your loyalty to
her
, maybe Grandmother was right and she is just raising us like lambs to a slaughter. It's evident that your lack of a sane family has messed you up."

Susan stood too, "I think that you are misguided Ally, but to each to their own, but we cannot help you, not now anyway maybe if you change your ways we may be able to someday. It is against the Bones code to go the way you are."

Ally said nothing she just smiled sadly, "Maybe. But I fear that by then it will be too late. Now go, we don't want you to become like me now, do we?" She wisely did not mention Amelia Bones, the woman who had done many similar things to Ally herself, and was Susan's aunt.

Susan and Neville didn't say anything; instead they flounced off towards the castle, leaving an uncomfortable silence around them.

Blaise broke it, "So, did you think that something like that may occur," he asked shrewdly.

"It was an eventuality that did occur to me. Neville and Susan have had loving upbringings for the most part, they do not truly understand what I have been through, and nor do they wish to know," Ally told him smiling slightly. Her heart was breaking, but she knew better than to show it, for her enemies would use any weakness against her and she could not allow that.

"You know, you would make a good Slytherin," a voice came from behind them, Ally smirked as she took in the form of Theodore Nott.

"Why, I do believe that you just paid me a compliment, Theo, I must be delusional," Ally smiled at the Slytherin boy.

Nott scoffed, "Yes, delirium must be the answer," he suggested wryly.

Ally threw back her head in laughter, "Gosh, I've missed you, Theo. How's your mother," she asked.

"Well, you know mother, she's worried. But I suppose that that's a mother's prerogative," he raised an eyebrow in question.

Ally easily answered, "Perhaps, but I'm not the best judge of such things, after all I do not really know my mother."

Much to their shock Nott actually smiled, "Maybe that's for the best, for it does not seem to have done you much harm, if any at all."

"Charmer," Tracey muttered looking at Theo with an appraising eye.

Ally sighed, ignoring Tracey and Theo in favour of looking at Harry, "I'm sorry, I know that they were your first friends," her voice betrayed nothing but Harry could see some pain lingering in her eyes as she spoke.

Harry looked shocked, but the others looked resigned, they had a feeling that Ally was going to start blaming herself.

Harry moved towards Ally and pulled her into his chest where quite uncharacteristically and suddenly she began sobbing, they were quiet at first before becoming more prominent. Harry had never really dealt with crying females but for some reason he did not feel awkward as he took out his monogrammed handkerchief and used it to wipe away her tears.

"It's okay, we can still be friends, just not as close," he comforted the normally red haired girl, Ally was currently sporting a curly black hairdo, "Besides,
they
weren't my first friends. You were."

Ally's head shot up, emerald met grey. Ally had never really been put first by anyone ever before, what she had failed to realise, for she was only just 11 was that Harry felt the same way. The two were selfless when it came to the other, so they would always help each other before themselves which is what they were both doing.

Theo leaned over to whisper to Daphne, "Ten galleons say those two will get together in our fifth year."

Daphne nodded her acceptance of the bet.

Tracey scoffed, "You have to be kidding Nott, and there is no way that even the two of them are that clueless. Daph put ten galleons on Susan and Neville for middle of fourth year, for me, thanks."

Blaise snickered, talking of clueless; Tracey did not seem to notice her own flirting with Theo Nott. As they were all purebloods they tended to circulate in the same social circles, even Ally turned up to most of them, not that anyone really cared if she did or did not. Tracey and Theo had never gotten along and Blaise was sure that a few years down the line Tracey Davis was going to become Tracey Nott. That much he could tell.

Meanwhile, Ally's brief outburst of tears had been quelled and she was now leaning over a book that Harry was looking at on curses and jinxes.

"Hey Ally-Cat," a voice came from behind them, they all jumped shocked. Well, barring Ally, who merely turned around and greeted the speaker and his twin.

"Hello, Forge. Good to see you too, Gred. So what can I help you fine gentlemen with today," her hair was back to red but her eyes were still grey.

Fred looked carefully at the young Black, her eyes were slightly red-rimmed but he ignored it, knowing that Ally didn't like a fuss, "Dumbledore's gone."

Ally nodded, "Thanks, for letting me know guys. This is going to be so much fun, talk about great timing."

Harry looked interested, "Any ideas where he's gone, George," he addressed the other twin.

"The Ministry according to Ol' McGonagall," Fred was the one who replied.

"Speaking of, what happened between you guys and Neville and Susan, they were storming off to the castle in a rather big huff," George asked.

Megan rolled her eyes, "They are spoilt brats, honestly. You'd think that the world revolves around them."

"Don't stress, Megs, it could have been a lot worse," Ally smiled at the older girl.

"You're stressing," Daphne pointed out. She had to admit that Ally Black stressing out was not a good thing ever, but it had to be said.

Ally nodded, "Yeah, I could do with a Firewhiskey, if I'm being honest."

Blaise snickered, "Don't let my mum hear you say that."

Ally rolled her eyes, "Your mother does not scare me, Blaise. However, as it is, I have no imminent death wish."

"Guys," Harry's voice cut into the good-natured banter of the two, he looked as white as a sheet, "What are the chances that Hagrid goes down to the pub and meets someone with a Dragon's Egg in their pocket?"

Ally sighed, "Not very likely, I see you have come to the same conclusion as I have. The only reason that they would is because they want information on the traps and how to get past the Cerberus."

"His name's Fluffy," Tracey put in, "What? I listen; I'd have made a good Slytherin."

Nott smirked, "Oh, honey, you'd never have survived."

Ally quickly intervened seeing Tracey's livid expression, "Harry, that was a great conclusion to make, are you sure you're not a closet Ravenclaw?"

Harry blushed, but quickly recovered, something that he would not have been able to do back in August when they first met. "So, what's the plan," he looked directly at Ally when he asked this.

Ally blushed slightly, "What makes you think I have one?"

Fred scoffed, "You always have a plan."

"Yeah, you got Bill and Charlie out of the country and away from mum when they wanted to get away. That's pretty damn impressive planning, given the fact that if given the chance my mother would mother the world and her son," George praised. He knew that Ally had a lot of resources in her arsenal, as much as the elder Weasleys' did not like to think on it, Ally had had no childhood and was a master planner for that reason.

Ally smiled slightly, "Well, my planning wasn't everything, they had to do it mostly themselves."

"I highly doubt that you had little to do with it," Daphne told her sardonically.

"Anyway," Megan said pointedly trying to get them to move onto the actual plan.

"Right, the plan," Ally shook her head as if to clear foggy thoughts.

The others all sat up, Theo stopped glaring at Tracey who was smiling triumphantly. Daphne stopped fiddling with the end of her blonde ponytail. Megan finished up the chapter of the book she was reading. Harry sat forward and put his book away. Fred and George grinned manically and Blaise smirked.

"Here's what we're going to do…"

No one had ever called Percy Weasley dumb; in fact he was reasonably clever as were four of his five brothers. He knew that Bill and Charlie had had outside help in getting away from their mother, he wanted this help too, but he had no idea as to how to do it.

That is until he got a message earlier that day, he had just been stressing about what his OWL results were going to be like when a black owl had landed in front of him holding a message.


Percy,



I can help you with all your ambitions, just like your brothers got the help before, so will you.



I have some useful information for you, meet me in the Gryffindor Common Room at 12 a.m./midnight. Come alone.



A Friend


This was how Percy found himself lying in wait for this 'friend'.

Fred and George Weasley were intrigued as to exactly what Ally thought Percy could offer them, but when she asked them to do something they did it without question. This was the only advice that both Bill and Charlie had imparted.

"Why do you think Ally is willing to help Percy, brother dear?"

George looked at his twin in speculation before responding, "As much as we give Percy hell, he is an authority figure and a shoe-in for Head Boy. We need that kind of help."

"That girl would have made a good Slytherin. What I don't understand is why we have to deal with the Perfect Prick?"

George rolled his eyes, Fred never really did think before he spoke, "Because, we are the only two in Gryffindor, who can do this, given Ally's nature. I'm sure the others have jobs too."

Daphne Greengrass sighed as she cast intricate charms on the doorway to the Third Floor Corridor. She had been taught these spells years ago, but she had thought that she would never need them, but she was thankful for the paranoia that had led to her honing of such talents. Susan and Neville had only had basic Unspeakable training and she was beginning to see the merits of it, however, Emerald had trained her and Blaise with more than that.

So this was why she found herself crouched out as the guard of the floor where no student was supposed to go. Daphne was not a rule abider by any sense of the notion, that was Megan, yet she never thought that she would be doing something like this.

She supposed that being friends with Ally Black was great but one did find themselves doing things that they had never expected. She just hoped that when the time came to do what they must, that they'd be fine.

If she was being honest, Tracey Davis was relieved that she did not have to do the major things in this mission. That honour went to Harry, Ally, Blaise and Daphne. Still she had to act upset, for that was what she was meant to do.

She had been given an important task (she conveniently forgot that all the roles were important), she was to be the watch person outside the third floor. She would arrive after the four who would actually go into the chamber and borrow the invisibility cloak to stand as a guard.

Tracey squared her shoulders, looking into the mirror. She fixed her tawny-blonde locks and slipped into the dark clothing that Daphne had supplied her. If she was quite honest Tracey did not want to know how her cousin had gotten these clothes, she just knew that she had to do this, it was for the best.

The clock chimed.

It was time…

Not for the first time Theodore Nott wondered what he had gotten himself into. Originally he was just going to be a mere ally to the Black heiress (this had been many years ago, back when Pollux and Walburga had been alive, the two first years had then been mere toddlers) but as time went on he found himself more and more intrigued by her. She was something of an enigma and so they became tentative friends.

And now he was helping her willingly. He would even say that they were firm friends.

He was the only Slytherin who was currently working with Ally and for that reason he was a formidable ally, but now he had a feeling that they would be more than that.

His task was simple, like Tracey he was a watcher, his job was to make sure that none of the Slytherins suspected anything and to make sure that they did not leave the Common Room that night.

As he watched Draco Malfoy moan about something again for the fifth time, Theo groaned inwardly. It was going to be a long night.

Blaise grimaced as he set to work. His job was to keep Peeves distracted; unfortunately this meant that he had to pull a few pranks. Nothing too dangerous, but danger was something that he thrived off of.

As the son of an Unspeakable and the "brother" of a girl who loved violence and had learned to thrive off of it, he was more than used to violence and danger.

But he had never been in the heart of it, for that he had always been a little upset. Ally had once told him that his innocence was best demonstrated when he showed his exuberance of going on missions. He was beginning to see why.

As he lit a Filibuster Firework that Ally had commandeered from the Weasley twins, Blaise could honestly say that his work was good.

There were Fireworks and Dungbombs arranged only as a Ravenclaw could plan it. And perhaps Ally. But that was neither here nor there. Every time Peeves or Filch tried to touch anything it would trigger another prank.

But Blaise could not really stop to admire his handiwork; it was time to go in through the trapdoor…

Megan Jones looked around the Hufflepuff Common Room; it was in the basement and decorated in the House colours. She knew why she had been given the job of look-out. Hufflepuffs were often underestimated, so she was given a monitoring device for the teacher's lounge, it would be her job to make sure that the teacher's did not stumble upon the mission. It was unlikely they would, but still.

Her job was important. Megan was loyal.

But her loyalty lay with her family and Ally Black. Ally who was her friend. Ally who was family.

So Megan Jones waited.

As she watched the dots slowly move into the adjoining staff quarters, she sighed. Her job was done, for the moment all was quiet.

"Good luck, guys," she whispered.

Harry Potter was excited.

He was after all a Gryffindor for a reason. Much of his reckless tendencies had been curbed by Ally's dubious influence but he was experiencing a rush by doing something so rebellious.

He was going to be at the centre of this plan. Ally had rather surprisingly let him into the main mission. He knew that he had the least training so it made him proud that he could join in the main festivities.

Grabbing his invisibility cloak, Harry snuck out of the dormitory, knowing that the plan was in motion and if all went well the Stone would be saved…

Ally was neither nervous nor excited. As she pulled on her clothing, she sighed, she felt that she was tearing the others' innocence from them by doing this, but she felt like she had no choice, they did. And they chose to help.

Ally looked at her reflection, she was wearing a tight, black t-shirt with full-length sleeves, and her hair was black and wavy, pulled back into a ponytail. She had on black leather trousers and black combat boots. She had her wand tucked away in a holster and a dagger tucked into her bra, but this she told herself was because they may need it.

She knew that she looked menacing, but unfortunately this was one of the bad things about her life, she was always paranoid, and often for good reason. Something that Amelia Bones often bemoaned, but even she could not deny the fact that her pseudo-niece often was right to be paranoid. Although this truth hadn't stopped Amelia from often comparing her to Mad-Eye Moody, something that Ally regarded as somewhat of a compliment.

As she snuck down the stairs she passed the Weasley twins and Percy who was looking shocked at the information they were giving him. The information was on Neville, Susan and Ron, who the twins thought may be thinking of sneaking out as a last hoorah. Percy bought it and promised to look out for them.

Ally caught Fred's and George's eyes and winked.

It was time.


So that's the end of this chapter guys. Once again, happy new year. Please Read and Review it may make updates faster ;P.


>