


Chapter 23: Dathomir



47 years before the fall of the Republic


Nioman spent most of the next three weeks cloistered in his Jedi quarters, supposedly recovering from the effects Andemeria had had on him. While he appreciated the solitude this gave him, Master Ramo was taking it too far, to the point that he hadn't even let Nioman give his report to the Council until his fourth day back at the Temple. The one activity he was allowed, however, was to continue with his saber practice, something he readily took up again. He remembered his first session after returning to the Temple and how out of shape he had felt after spending almost two weeks in Republic confinement but after rigorous daily training he felt much better.

The psychological effects, however, were taking longer to ware off. Every night, Nioman was taken back to the burning square and the sounds of his friends dying. Whenever he let his mind wander, he could see Enoran falling to the Republic Officers, followed by Reyna's hurt expression. Why did that bother him so much compared with everything else? She had survived unlike any of the others that Nioman knew of so why did what he suspected she believed bother him so much when Enoran and everyone else had died? It didn't do to focus on such negative thoughts so, like he did every other time they crept up on him, Nioman forced them from his mind, getting up to go to the sparring arena despite the fact that he had been there only an hour before. He was about to leave when Ramo entered the main room of the quarters.

"What are you doing back so early?" asked Nioman, "The Council is normally still in session for another hour yet."

"We ended early today" replied Ramo, "Tyrone's mission report didn't last as long as we had thought and there wasn't anything else scheduled for this morning. Looks like your off to the sparring area again, I thought you were going to leave for there when my Council session began."

"I did," said Nioman, "but I felt like going back again now."

"You were, brooding again, weren't you?" guessed Ramo, "you really should get therapy for that, it clearly isn't getting better."

"It's fine," lied Nioman, "and besides, it isn't something anyone else could help with."

"I hope it is under control as we have a mission coming up."

"Oh?" said Nioman, surprised that Ramo had agreed to let him go on a mission after how sheltered he had kept Nioman.

"Yes," explained Ramo, "Tyrone and his apprentice found some unusual things during their mission to Geonosis, which Tyrone believes may be traced back to the Nightsisters. I volunteered to join Tyrone and his padawan on their mission to investigate Dathomir."

Nioman frowned. Had Master Ramo really just made such a poor judgment call as to put Nioman with Tyrone so soon after Andemeria? He also couldn't figure out what the purpose of the mission was. It couldn't just be some far-fetched theory of Tyrone's, right? Not even the Council would be foolish enough to go off of something so insubstantial. "How could the Nightsisters be involved with whatever Tyrone saw on Geonosis?" asked Nioman, eager to see if Master Ramo could produce an acceptable answer.

"That is yet to be seen," said Ramo, "what we do know is that Tyrone experienced some strange manifestation of the Force that reeked of the Dark Side. Given that the Sith are long exterminated, the Nightsisters are the next logical choice. They may have no connection to Geonosis but if they do, it is something we need to act on so the Council deemed it worth an investigation."

"I suppose that makes sense...but why in the Force would you have me on a mission with him, especially now of all times?"

This time it was Ramo's turn to frown. "I know there is some bad blood between you and Tyrone but it certainly won't affect your mission performance, correct?"

"Let's hope not," muttered Nioman in response.

"Well, you have a few days to prepare so I expect you to have everything together by then," said Ramo before turning to his cluttered desk. Nioman didn't have high hopes for the mission but as long as he could avoid Tyrone, hopefully it would go okay. Of course, that's what he had said before Tartania and look what happened then.


Five days later, Nioman sat at a small table at the back of the bridge of the Consular Cruiser
Articulate
with Tyrone's padawan, Qui-Gon Jinn. They had been talking but the conversation died out as Nioman overheard Tyrone and Master Ramo discussing the mission.

"What do you know of the Nightsisters?" Nioman heard Tyrone ask.

"It is believed that the Nighsisters were founded by a former Jedi many years ago, and that at one time they served the Light Side," said Ramo, "however, their practices took on a darker and darker nature until becoming the form of witchcraft that they are known for today. Supposedly, they serve duality, following both the Light and Dark sides of the Force, or neither. Anyways, some time after their creation, they began breeding with the males of their kind, as well as importing Zabraks, who became known as the Nightbrothers, though were never held near as high as the esteem that the Sisters were."

"Have you ever been to Dathomir before?" Qui-Gon asked Nioman, making him lose focus with what the older Jedi were saying.

"No, I haven't," replied Nioman, "until now, that is," he added, seeing the surface of the planet stretching out before them, "from my pre-mission research I've gathered that it isn't the most hospitable of places, you should keep your guard up for sure."

"Come, Qui-Gon," said Tyrone, standing up, "we've landed."

Master Ramo had already exited the ship when the three younger Jedi made it to the door. There was an awkward moment as Tyrone and Nioman reached it, with Nioman remembering a similar incident before the mission to Tartania which he was sure Tyrone was recalling now. He was about to step forward when he remembered that he was going to have as little contact with the Jedi Knight as possible. And really, antagonizing him wouldn't benefit anyone.

"After you, Your Grace," he said, taking a mock bow and purposefully using the honorific occasionally given to the Jedi Grandmaster. So, maybe he could have ignored the urge to say something and let Tyrone pass in silence but it was too good an opportunity to pass up. The question was, how would Tyrone respond?

"It seems," Tyrone said with some hesitation, "That Master Batrorio has had a positive influence on you," Tyrone observed before himself exiting the ship, followed by Nioman and Qui-Gon.

They emerged out into the misty morning of Dathomir. The red-tinted sun was still low in the sky as it cast a rusty light over the weedy surface of the planet. There was a rough camp nearby, from which Nioman could hear the clanging of weapons and saw several of the males sparring with crude weaponry. Then, as he studied the camp in further detail, he noticed several of them freely copulating, seemingly without qualms for the public nature of their vulgar behavior. Unfortunately, Nioman had been expecting this; apparently the males did this in preparation for breeding with the females, something most only ever experienced once. While it wasn't a pleasant thing to be surrounded by, Nioman wasn't as bothered as Ramo, who was clearly disgusted, and Tyrone, whose eyes were wide as he all but gaped at the sight before him. Someone hadn't done his pre-mission research.

"Is this kind of thing normal?" asked Tyrone, still clearly scandalized by the spectacle before him.

"I'm afraid it is," said Master Ramo, "though I wasn't expecting quite such lewd displays so publicly."

"That's how babies are born?" asked Qui-Gon, causing a barely suppressed burst of amusement from Nioman and a groan from Tyrone. When no response came, he persisted, "Master Tyrone?"

"Well?" prompted Nioman, eager to see how Tyrone would respond. He didn't even care if Master Ramo would be annoyed by his behavior, this was just too good to pass up.

"Not exactly," explained Tyrone uncomfortably, "there is more to it than such lewd behavior and actual reproduction only happens between a male and a female, not two members of the same sex."

"But Master, I still don't understand," said Qui-Gon, causing Tyrone to look imploringly at Master Ramo, though it was clear the older Master was not going to join the conversation.

"Don't they learn all this stuff before becoming padawans?" wondered Nioman. He was sure he had been in such a class. The Jedi couldn't possibly leave something like this for each Master to discuss individually with his padawan.

"Qui-Gon?" questioned Tyrone, "What were you doing during the...human reproductions class?"

"Oh that?" said Qui-Gon with a shrug, "I just remember them showing a video about shaving, it didn't seem very interesting. And then a spider crawled under the door, I could feel her Force-energy, she was about to lay her eggs," he explained with a smile. Nioman could barely believe this padawan, being so enthralled with something as simple as a spider, enough so to ignore his class. Nioman got the feeling that Qui-Gon was a very special Jedi indeed.

"Be on guard," said Master Ramo, breaking up the conversation, "we are entering the abode of the Nightsisters and I do not know what sort of reception they will give us."

The four Jedi cautiously entered the cavern, lit only by torches and by the eerie green smoke that billowed from deeper in the tunnel. They continued onward in the near-darkness until coming up on a cluster of cloaked and hooded Nightsisters, one of which came forward.

"Your weapons, please," she hissed, extending her hand.

Master Ramo gave his lightsaber over seemingly without a second thought, a true Jedi Consular if ever there was one. Tyrone unclipped his weapon and stared at it a moment, probably considering his options, before reluctantly handing it over, followed by Qui-Gon. Nioman didn't like the idea of handing his lightsaber to a potential enemy and he felt a twinge in the back of his mind; apparently, the Force agreed with him. Nevertheless, he knew that he would have to give it up in order for the mission to have any chance of proceeding as planned so he, too, handed his weapon over to the Nightsister, who deposited it and the three others in separate containers while leading the Jedi forward.

"Now that that is done, I will take you to our Mother," the Nightsister said as she led them through the dim passage, "I detest weapons," she continued which confused Nioman, After all, the Nightsisters used various weaponry themselves, "I don't understand why the Jedi carry arms, being peacekeepers and all."

Nioman saw Master Ramo about to respond but just then the cavern grew and another cloaked woman came forward, "Now I present our matriarch, Mother Talzin."

"Charmed, I'm sure," said Tyrone stepping forward and extending his hand, though his words of greeting seemed a little odd to Nioman. Maybe it was just Tyrone's aristocratic way of speaking.

"What do you think of what Narissa just said?" asked Mother Talzin, ignoring Tyrone's words. She was a tall woman and magnificent in an unsettling way. She radiated power and her voice boomed and echoed throughout the cave.

"While we are primarily keepers of the peace, there are some occasions where we must rely on non-diplomatic methods," explained Tyrone, after being nodded on by Master Ramo, "We do not wish violence on anyone but it would be foolish to assume that everyone we come into contact with is of the same mindset. The Jedi are the voice of the Republic throughout the galaxy and while we are not by any means a sanctioned military force, it is often necessary to protect ourselves."

"Well spoken, Jedi," acknowledged the matriarch before shifting to face Ramo, "So then, what brings you to Dathomir? I am not aware of any Republic interests in our little corner of the galaxy."

"We come here at the behest of the Jedi Council," explained Master Ramo, "all we need are a few answers from you, nothing more."

"Why send four to do the job of one?" she asked in her stranger voice, "Are you sure you do not come with other intentions? Perhaps you seek the destruction of the Nightsisters, to eradicate us like you did to the Sith!"

"The Sith..." master Ramo began unsteadily, casting nervous glances around at the other Jedi, "The Sith destroyed themselves with their pursuit of power. Let us hope the Nightsisters do not follow the same path. Believe me, the Jedi are aware of your connection to the Dark Side in your sorcery."

"What do Jedi know of the Dark Side?" asked Talzin, leaning in.

"I could ask the same thing about the Nightsisters," countered Ramo.

"You have no idea what we can do," scoffed Mother Talzin, "but you will, oh yes you will. There is no Dark, no Light, only the Force in its true nature. One day the Jedi may learn this, but by then it will be too later. The Jedi Council sits so idly by, doling out kindness as it sees fit with no gaze to the future, no inkling of what is coming. But I can show you, should you be able to release your arrogance."

"You will have to forgive me if I do not take your words at face value," said Ramo, pretending to be unaffected but Nioman knew better. He had been with enough missions with Ramo to when when his master was concerned and now was one of those times.

"It makes no difference to me, you will find out the truth one day...if you live long enough," she chuckled before her voice strengthened, "You wish to know of the Nightsisters, well you are about to experience us up close and personal. Come with me, and perhaps I will let the little one live. Do not even think of fighting, my followers are highly trained assassins and you are weaponless."

Nioman had been right, he should have known there would be trouble, no, he had known. Why had he let Ramo make such a bad decision? A quick scan of the room revealed dozens of Nightsisters surrounding them. Nioman was sure there hadn't been that many before. He saw Talzin take out a knife and pointed it at Master Ramo, with the tip brushing under his chin. Beside him, Tyrone and Qui-Gon braced themselves, even as the Nightsisters attacked, firing lazer-arrows from small bows and strange green projectiles from their palms, staying at a distance from the Jedi. Even as the carnage engulfed the cavern, Nioman saw Mother Talzin backing away with Master Ramo; a minute more and she would have escaped with him. Nioman decided to let Tyrone and Qui-Gon fend for themselves as he used the Force to propel him to stand in front of Mother Talzin, even as he summoned her knife to his own hand, freeing his Master from her grasp. In an instant, Nioman and Ramo had disarmed two of Nightsisters and took hold of the short green blades that they held. Master and padawan stood back-to-back, each standing in the defensive posture of Niman as he deflected the various attacks that came his way. Mother Talzin had disappeared but now the two of them had gained the attention of most of the Nightsisters. Hopefully with that distraction, Tyrone could go after the witch himself or do something else that would give them an edge.

Nioman caught glimpses of Qui-Gon whirling and leaping about on the other side of the cavern but he was too far for Nioman and Ramo to join him; the padawan would have to fend for himself. The biggest problem was their inability to get close enough to engage the Nightsisters, who stayed at a distance and bombarded the Jedi with arrows and emerald fireballs. While Nioman was sure they could hold out like this, the Jedi needed the fighting to come to an end, and to do so they needed to be able to being the fight to the Sisters. He felt the hilt of a blade being pressed into his free hand and sensed Ramo behind him, created a Force-wall to block the incoming projectiles, giving Nioman an opening. Nioman dashed forward, using the Nightsisters' surprise to advance as he swung the two blades before him. Now he was in among the Sisters, catching them off guard and disabling many before they could draw their melee weapons. In his frantic combat, Nioman caught a glimpse of Master Ramo leaping to join him, now armed with two new blades. Later, he saw Tyrone, now armed with his lightsaber, facing off against Mother Talzin at the edge of the cavern. Good, if he and Ramo could hold out a little longer this fight could come to a resolution. Even as he thought that, Mother Talzin's voice boomed over the cavern again, drowning out all sounds of combat.

"Cease fighting," the witch commanded, leading to a ripple of confusion among her people, "I have accepted the offer of surrender made by the Jedi."

That only further increased the discontent and Nioman, for once, had to agree with the Nightsisters. What could have possibly made Talzin decide to surrender? Especially when her people had such a huge numerical advantage. She had been so easily able to slip away before, so how had Tyrone been able to corner her? This whole thing made little sense to Nioman, but he was fine accepting it for what it was. Regardless who it had happened, Tyrone had managed to end the fighting and that could only be a good thing.

"Nice work, Tyrone," congratulated Ramo as he approached Tyrone and Qui-Gon, with the Nightsisters parting before him. As Tyrone came more clearly into view, Nioman couldn't help but notice how unsettled the Jedi Knight looked. That was odd, Nioman would have expected him to be happy, or more probably proud, of his victory, yet he seemed more concerned than anything.

The Jedi emerged into the dusky sunlight with Mother Talzin in tow, followed timidly by several Nightsisters who kept their distance from the Jedi. Once again, Nioman was struck by how strange this all was. Something didn't feel right about it, but he couldn't think of any logical reason behind it. It didn't make sense for Talzin to surrender to just ambush them later when she could have killed them earlier so he doubted that was her motive so what could it be? They returned to their landing site only to see the ship in ruins. From the looks of things and the strange emptiness of the male camp around them, it looked like the males had been tasked with destroying the only way off the planet available to the Jedi.

"What happened to our transport?" Tyrone questioned Mother Talzin.

"Oh, I wouldn't know," she assured though she had a devious smile on her face.

"We can't delay here," said Ramo, "Tyrone, you and Nioman go to the village and try to find us some transport, Qui-Gon and I will keep Mother Talzin under control and see if we spot anything, we can keep in communication by comm."

Nioman sighed. Why did his Master seem to insist on putting him and Tyrone together? Didn't he know that nothing good could come of that? But Nioman wasn't inclined to argue so her and Tyrone went off in search of a ship. The cluster of tents was now empty, a stark change from what it had been like before, and Nioman could say he was glad that he didn't have to be exposed to such activity again. But where had the males gone? He caught a few of the more timid ones hiding in their tents but there was nowhere near the number that there had been before. He and Tyrone pressed on, hoping that a ship would be located somewhere nearby.

"I understand you recently returned from Andemeria," said Tyrone slowly, "how does that compare with Dathomir?"

Was Tyrone seriously trying to make conversation? Could he not sense that Nioman just wanted to be left alone? Nioman remembered the weeks following Tartania, which he had spent in seclusion, shunning any contact with his friends or his Master. Had Andemeria really brought him back to that state? Nioman thought he had moved past that but apparently not. He wanted to ignore Tyrone but that didn't seem likely to work so he decided on a response that would hopefully deter the Jedi Knight from continuing the conversation.

"Let's just say that even being stuck with you is far better than what I had to endure there," retorted Nioman. That didn't sound nearly the way he had expected it to. It made it sound like he was making himself out to be some sort of pathetic victim or something. Force, he couldn't even be honest without it sounding bad.

"What do you think of Mother Talzin?" asked Tyrone, ignoring Nioman's not-so-subtle jab at him. He was really was pressing this conversation.

"Your efforts are being wasted on me," grumbled Nioman, refusing to answer Tyrone's question. The better mood he stayed in, the better focused he would be so why was Tyrone pressuring him like this? Was he trying to sabotage the mission?

"You look like you could use a friend," Tyrone said carefully, "and while our past experiences haven't been all that pleasant, I am still willing to share my advice and expertise."

Nioman was speechless. Tyrone wanted to be friends now? What was with him? "Sith, can't you just back off?" replied Nioman, in an outburst he hadn't himself been expecting, "I don't know what you're trying to do but bombarding me with attempted conversation and entreaties of friendship isn't going to get you anywhere."

After saying it, Nioman partially regretted how harsh he had been. He shouldn't be letting himself get this way, it wasn't good for him. Part of Tyrone might actually have been genuine but there was definitely some that wasn't. Still, Nioman was annoyed that he had been so snappish but Tyrone brought out that side in him. Force, even that evil lawyer Kassin Mcquean hadn't gotten him this riled.

"We have a job to do," Tyrone reminded him needlessly, "and it would be beneficial to be on speaking terms than ignoring each other like you are suggesting we do."

"I'm fine discussing matters important to the mission but I don't need you delving into my personal life."

"Shh," hushed Tyrone, pointing to Nioman's left, "there's a ship but it's guarded. We'll need to sneak up to the guards and dispatch them."

"What's the point of being stealthy?" whispered Nioman, "We'll need to fight them anyways."

"Just follow my-" Tyrone's command was cut off as Nioman ignited his lightsaber and leaped over a tent and onto the guards, bringing his blade down on one's neck as he landed. The others turned to face him but they were no match for the Jedi. Nioman's lightsaber cut effortlessly through the crude metal weapons of the Nightbrothers as he darted between them, using timed strikes to bring down one Zabrak warrior after another. After cutting down the last of his opponents, Nioman turned to face Tyrone, whose face bore a look of mixed shock and disapproval. Now wonder, Tyrone probably would have tried to reason with these thugs, clearly one of them hadn't learned from Tartania. On that subject, Nioman couldn't help but be a little satisfied at the demonstration of how his lightsaber sills had improved in the past year. He cast one last smirk at Tyrone before entering the ship.

Nioman had just reached the ship's controls when he heard a guttural war cry from below. That most certainly wasn't Tyrone. He turned the ship around and caught a glimpse of another pack of Nightbrothers advancing on Tyrone. He raised the ship and turned to face downwards some more to see what was going on. These Nightbrothers were much better armed than the first batch, with weapons that couldn't be sliced through by a lightsaber. One of the Zabraks, a particularly large and brutish one armed with a heavy electrostaff had already reached Tyrone and a dozen more were bearing down on him. Nioman set the ship to hover and set himself at the rotating lower cannon but then he hesitated. He could just leave right now, fly back to Master Ramo and the padawan and leave Tyrone to the Zabraks. Maybe he would see then the foolishness of his overly diplomatic ways. No, no, that was just...wrong. What had happened to Nioman that he had considered abandoning a fellow Jedi, even if it was just Tyrone? Nioman took a moment to clear his head, something really wasn't right with him. Maybe Master Ramo was right about Nioman doing something about the trauma from Andemeria. Whatever the case, Nioman was here now and he wasn't about to abandon Tyrone. He fired the cannon, blasting the lead Nightbrother to ashes. Tyrone took the opportunity and leaped into the closing entrance. Nioman then turned the cannon around to fire on the main pack but a hand gripped his wrist before he was able shoot.

"There is no need for them to die," Tyrone said, slightly breathless, "we have escaped them, they can do us no more harm."

"Fine," said Nioman as he moved back to the main control panel and steered the ship over the village and back to where they had split up with Master Ramo and Qui-Gon.

"Something doesn't feel right," said Tyrone as they neared the spot, "Qui-Gon's presence feels dimmer than it should from here."

"Look, that's them," said Nioman, pointing. On the ground at the edge of the community of tents, Qui-Gon and Master Ramo laid, seemingly unconscious. Mother Talzin was gone.

"Qui-Gon," breathed Tyrone, looking more distressed than Nioman had seen him before. Could it be that there was actually someone in the galaxy that Tyrone cared for?

"They're not dead," stated Nioman as he landed the ship. Tyrone didn't respond, instead moving to the door and jumping down to his padawan.

"It looks like Mother Talzin used some sort of sorcery on them," Tyrone said as Nioman joined him.

"Do you think it can be reversed?" asked Nioman, before realizing he had just asked Tyrone's opinion on something.

"It appears to be only temporary," replied Tyrone, "but if it doesn't ware off, they will need to be taken before the Council. I'm sure Master Yoda will know a way to counteract this."

Even as he said it, the two Jedi stirred and Master Ramo pushed himself up on his elbows. "Nioman," he said shakily, "good you're here. And Tyrone too, very good. The witch...she cast some sort of spell on us, It was so sudden, I tried to shield Qui-Gon but apparently it didn't work."

"We need to go after Mother Talzin, then," said Tyrone as he bent down next to Master Ramo.

"I don't think we have time for that," said Nioman, gesturing to a swarm of people in the distance. Nightsisters, advancing on the Jedi.

"Get Qui-Gon onto the ship," Master Ramo instructed Tyrone, grasping onto Nioman for support as he stood up.

"What about Mother Talzin?" asked Tyrone as he shook Qui-Gon awake.

"We'll have to leave her," said Master Ramo, "we must get off this planet. The Jedi Council can decide whether or not we will take further action once we arrive back on Coruscant."

By the time the ship took off, the Nightsisters were withing shooting range but by then it was too late and the Jedi were flying away. Once the autopilot had been set, Master Ramo retired to inform the Council of what had happened while Tyrone and Qui-Gon went off to their quarters to rest from the mission. That left Nioman alone with his thoughts, never a good thing. Normally, if in this situation, Nioman would set himself to some activity before the brooding could start but alone on the tiny Dathomirian ship, with nothing to occupy himself with, his mind quickly wandered back to Andemeria and back though the same routine it had followed most every day since Nioman had returned to Coruscant. The memories hadn't been conquered; far from. They were still fully active and fulyl able to torment him.


A/N: I know, I know, I said I would have a chapter up quickly but I ran into writer's block which stalled my progress and now the chapter got out of hand so I split it into two, this being the first one, meaning that I should have another chapter out tomorrow, Force willing.



Thanks for reading and don't forget to review!


>