



Dark Sonic: Rise (Second book in the Dark Sonic Saga)






Chapter 1




Ever since Sonic obtained the powers of Chaos he hasn't quite been the same. He still relies on his speed for the most part, but now he realizes just how much Shadow took care of for him. With only one ultra-powerful hedgehog on Mobius now (Silver fans shut up) Sonic has been one busy hedgehog. Eggman is being quiet, sticking to being a top-ten stockholder in the world, but in his wake there have been lots of smaller threats using technology he sold back in his super-villain days. Kind of sad really…

At the moment Sonic runs through the open area of the Green Hill Zone, more out of nostalgia than anything. He remembers saving Flickies, and other creatures from Eggman's clutches at almost every platform in the area.

"Gee, never thought I'd miss Egg-butt so much," he muses out loud, and pauses to catch what little breath he lost. He shields his eyes from the sun, and watches Angel Island floating in the distance. He looks at his wrist where one of the four Inhibitor Rings he has to wear now rests. He thinks back to the first day he went to visit Shadow's memorial.


(Flashback, two months ago)


Sonic follows Knuckles across the grass to a small statue standing there. It's Shadow, standing with his arms crossed, and a fake Chaos Emerald in his hand, green just like the one he liked to carry with him so much. At the base is a bronze plague reading, "Shadow the Hedgehog, the Ultimate Hero, and Friend."

"Hard to believe he's gone," Knuckles says. "Out of all of us he was the
last
I expected to kick the bucket. He was always such a survivor…"

Sonic smirks, and looks skyward, "I wouldn't feel too bad for him though, he's in god hands." Sonic chuckles as he thinks back to the apparitions of Shadow, and Maria Robotnik he'd seen some time ago. Knuckles looks puzzled, but just dismisses it after a second thought. Sonic nods, and sets the rose he'd brought on the plague. It has Black, and red petals since Tails genetically engineered it.

"We miss ya buddy," Sonic says, and smiles. "Say hi to Maria for me, okay?"


(End Flashback)


Sonic smiles at the memory, "Heh… Hope you like your retirement Shadow."

He starts running again, thinking of the newest group to show up since Eggman's retirement. They call themselves the Dark Egg Legion. He'd gone to Eggman himself, but a lie detector Tails made confirmed Eggman had nothing to do with these nimrods.

Their main leader, an Echidna named Lien-Da, is as cunning as she is ruthless. She's made a few grabs for the Master Emerald, but with the ironic help of Rouge, Knuckles has held them off long enough for Sonic to get there each time. In his opinion, the only girl even close to being as scary as an angry Amy is that Lien-Da chick.

Then a smell hits him, and he almost slips. In the grass he sees flecks of red, and follows them to a body of a small dead creature, too torn to shreds for him to recognize. He feels like throwing up, what, or who did this?

He looks further down the track, and spots more bodies like a breadcrumb trail. He starts at a slow trot so he doesn't slip again, and follows them down the straight narrow path. He doesn't remember such a straight path in Green Hill, but he continues to follow anyways.

He stops, and gags when he finds a huge pile of shredded bodies piled in the middle of the trail. He falls to his knees, and vomits, spitting the putrid taste from his mouth.

"Alright… this time the legion has gone too far," Sonic growls, and spots bloody footprints in the grass, moving around the pile. He trots after then, determined to find the offender.

He slows when he sees a figure up ahead. It's Tails, and he has blood on his shoes. It's can't be, Tails wouldn't…

Sonic pales at what he sees next… Another Sonic, leaning casually on a tree ahead of Tails; bloodstains on his gloves, shoes, and fur. Tails slowly approaches this new Sonic as a cruel grin spreads across his lips. The real Sonic makes a grab for Tails to stop him just as this imposter opens his eyes.


Hello, do you want to play with me?


Then Sonic wakes up.

He bolts upright in bed, his heart pounding like you would not believe. He feels his forehead, and it comes away wet with sweat.

"Heh, just a dream," he laughs to himself. "Careful man, you're losing it."

He goes to the sink, and fills it with cold water. He splashes some in his face, rubbing it down to wake himself up, and put the nightmare behind him. He looks up at his reflection with his trademark smile.

His reflection looks back with an evil sneer filled with sharp teeth. It's fur is covered with caked layers of dried blood, and so are his gloves. The eyes that stare back at Sonic are completely black with glowing red orbs focused intently on him.

Sonic jumps back in shock, slamming into the wall behind him. He blinks, and his reflection is back to normal, showing him one cobalt hedgehog ready to jump out of his fur.

"…Maybe I really
am
losing it," he says with deep breaths. He balls his fists, and looks at the rings on his wrists, rubbing them so the smooth feel can ground him in reality once again. "I know what you're doing Dark, and it's not going to work. I am Sonic the Hedgehog, a hero, and so help me you'll never see another living soul ever again."

No response comes, but he can just imagine the mocking laughter…



Dear readers,





First let me say how honored I am to have so many of you enjoying my first story Dark Sonic: Unstoppable. It was such a huge hit that now I'm averaging about a hundred Views a day! Words cannot express my gratitude so instead I present you with the much desired sequel that a few of you have asked for. Enjoy, and please Review, it lets me know you care!





-HTKWolfe



>