



Dear Readers,





Firstly I would like to thank you for your continuing support. It's what keeps the love for writing alive in my chest. Secondly let me apologize for the long delay, I have been trying to find work, and alas it is proving… Difficult. Therefore all my efforts are done on my phone, and right now it seems to be determined to vex me at every given opportunity. -.-"





To those of you who have recognized the reference, yes I am using a lots of material from the fan made game Sonic . EXE. I hope this did not discourage any of you as I have a perfectly logical explanation. In my mind, as some of you may have noticed in the last book, EXE is basically Dark Sonic without the power of seven corrupted Chaos Emeralds. As the author I adopted the original story from would have put it, the black Dark Sonic we see with upturned quills is Dark Super Sonic. I apologize again for any confusion.





Please Review your feedback, and thank you for taking an interest in this story thus far.





Sincerely,





HTKWolfe



The recurring nightmares are going to drive him crazy… Sonic the hedgehog crawls out of bed, and walks into his bathroom, expecting to see the demon in the mirror once more. Thankfully all he can see is his own reflection looking back at him, but that still would be enough to scare anyone. His eyes are bloodshot, and boast dark rings underneath them. All in all it is not the visage of a hero a child should tell their mother they want to be when they grow up. It doesn't help that his fitful sleep has left his quills standing up at odd angles.

He steps into the shower, and washes the sweat off of his body from the nightmare last night. A little washing also helps put his quills back in the right order, but sadly they cannot do anything for those horrible eyes of his. Getting out, and grabbing his towel to dry off with he can't help staring at his horrible reflection again, if only to convince himself that there is no demon waiting to spring at him.

A delicious scent tickles his nose: sausage on a toasted wheat bun with chili, and bacon bits. His favorite breakfast of all time.

He bolts downstairs with a wide smile, and Tails turns to face him...

"AAAAAAAAAHHHH!"

Sonic dives like a baseball player to catch the plate with his precious chili-sausage as Tails scrambles on top of the refrigerator to stare down at him in horror. Sonic gives him a flat look as he puts the plate on the countertop. "Not cool little bro..."

Tails blinks, "Sonic? Oh thank Chaos, I thought I was having a nightmare!"

"Yeah, there's a lot of that going around," Sonic mutters.

"What?"

"Nothing! So how did you sleep?"

Tails smiles as as he puts he boxes of cereal he had knocked over. "Better than you obviously, though not by much. I had this really weird nightmare of you chasing me in Green Hill while everything was burning."

The glass Sonic had been planning to use for milk slips from his grip, and shatters on the floor. Tails sighs, and gets the broom, mistaking Sonic's horror-induced spasm of the hand for fatigue, "I liked that glass too..."

As Tails cleans up Sonic mutters, "Dried blood caked on, and pure black eyes except for those burning orbs staring at you..."

Tails slows to a stop, and slowly looks up at Sonic, "What... Did you say...?"

Sonic swallows hard, "Tails... I had that exact same dream last night. I was floating around like a ghost or something while some sick version of me chased you. You ran, and ran-"

"But it just steadily kept getting faster," Tails finishes.

Sonic nods, "And... I saw it kill you little bro... Just rip you apart..."

Tails shudders, he had been repressing that part. "So we had the exact same nightmare? Either we're both experiencing mass hysteria, or somthing is... Wrong."

"Yeah I'm gonna bet on that second one," Sonic says, subconsciously rubbing his Inhibitor Ring. "I mean, whenever somthing is wrong in our lives when is it ever just a coincidence?"

Tails nods, "I know what you mean... But what do we do? We can't solve a problem if we don't know what the problem is."

Sonic rubs his head, "I'm worried it may be Dark again, or some side effect of getting Shadow's powers." Tails nods again, and reaches into his tails for sample vials.

"Luckily your experience from that day isn't unique. Maybe Knuckles knows something. Why don't you go pay him a visit later while I run some tests?"

Sonic nods, taking the vial, "What do I do with this?"

"Got a few quills you can spare?"

...

Knuckles is laying on his back on the stairs to the Master Emerald shrine, snoozing in the midday heat.

"That can't be good for your back..."

"Hm?" Knuckles opens his eyes, and comes face to face with... A MONSTER!

Sonic puts up his hands, "Chill dude, it's just me!"

Knuckles blinks a few times, and then laughs. "Wow Sonic, look who woke up in the Ugly Tree this morning, and hit every branch when he fell out!"

"Oh you finally found a mirror?" Sonic puts his hands on his hips. Knuckles scowls, and then gets to his feet. Sonic waves a hand, "Chill out man, I'm not here to start a fight. I need your help with something."

Knuckles rolls his eyes, "What is it?"

Sonic sits down, and explains his nightmares, his fear of Dark returning, even of Tails sharing his nightmare. Knuckles listens patiently, nodding to himself in thought as he strokes his chin. "...Well Sonic I'm not sure what to say, the scrolls I found don't really say much about the ascended heroes after they've been blessed... But I'll see what I can do."

Sonic smiles, "Thanks buddy, I owe ya one!"

Knuckles shakes his head, "No Sonic, the world owes you, and right now we're not even
close
to being even."

...


Knuckles is running, from what Sonic has a good idea. The scenery looks like the old chemical plant that sonic ran through around the time he first met Eggman. Only now there are no twisting or turning pipes, there is just one long catwalk of metal there in front of him. Sonic is expecting his metal counterpart to arrive behind them at any moment, or at least that's what he hopes.



Suddenly what little light there is in the room goes out, and then after a few seconds… It comes back on. Sonic wishes that it hadn't.



He can feel those eyes on the both of them in this darkness... The lights waver again, and it drops a few degrees in temperature. Sonic can feel the monsters getting closer… Ever so closer… And it wants to play.



The lights flash again, this time they take longer to come on. When they do sonic can see that his buddy is far along the cat walk away from him. On top of that the metal on the ground is covered with blood, as are Knuckles's namesakes. Had there been a fight? Knuckles doesn't look too injured...



Thats when HE appears with that shriek of his. Knuckles backpedals, or at least he tries to, but it's like some invisible force is drawing him towards the demon. Knuckles growls, tapping into his warrior instincts he uses the powers being used against him to propel himself at the monster, and then he bashes it across the face.



Then the monster vanishes... Does Sonic dare hope?



Any hopes he may have been fostering are soon proven to be in vain. The monster appears again on the other side of the kids, and draws him towards himself again. Sonic has just enough time to realize that the beast is unharmed before The coolest buries his fist in the monstrosity's chest.



Sonic opens his mouth to call to his long time friend, and warn him that it's pointless. But no sound comes out, his words are frozen in his throat. He tries to run to Knuckles to help him in someway, but his legs won't move… He can't run.



Time and time again he watches as he echidna Warrior charges the beast, head it flicks some kind of wound before it vanishes only to reappear uninjured. Eventually his strength fails him, and the guardian drops to his knees. Sonic swears he can see tears falling down his friends face.



And that's when the demon strikes, ripping Knuckles's chest open, and tearing out his hearts right in front of Sonic.



"SO MANY SOULS TO PLAY WITH SO LITTLE TIME… WOULDN'T YOU AGREE?"


>