

"Please will you show me? Please May?"

"Yes, Skye. I will. First, I want you to pull his zipper down. Can you do that for me?"

Coulson cleared his throat, looking out at the rest of the team as she undid his fly.

"Good girl," May praised, her forefinger petting Skye's scalp. "His cock's in there. I want you to take it out."

Skye did, moving aside the layers of trousers and boxers to get to Coulson. It felt weird touching it. She wasn't shy, but doing it under May's direction was different. It tingled.

"Now put it in your mouth." May's grip solidified on the back of Skye's head.

She did, catching a soft exhale from Coulson as her mouth accepted his warm cock. His taste wasn't unpleasant, like a lot of her boyfriends had been—overall, he tasted
clean,
with a pleasant smell of body wash.

May exuded a steady pressure with her hand, forcing Skye down onto Coulson's groin. He wasn't
huge
, but he had nothing to be ashamed of either, and Skye gagged as she tried to fit him into her mouth and then her throat.

"Take him," May cajoled. Her voice was as harsh and unyielding as the pressure she put on Skye. "Take his cock, baby girl. I want every inch of his cock in your mouth. Relax your throat. Swallow it, swallow it."

Skye felt like she couldn't breathe, but she kept going. May's words had her thinking back to trying deep-throating with Miles. She'd researched it on the internet, watched a video of Jenna Jameson doing it, then tried herself. She'd managed it, but when he'd come it had upset her stomach and she'd ended up hunched over the toilet for a good twenty minutes. They'd never done that again.

But the skill returned to Skye with ease. The more she took, the nicer May became, her voice going sweeter and her hand rubbing Skye's back like a proud parent. "That's it. You've got it. Baby likes cock, doesn't she? Baby loves sucking cock."

Skye nodded, eager to please May. It'd once seemed like nothing she did could impress the elder agent, but
this
was earning her so many brownie points.

Finally, she must've been all the way down, because there was nothing more to swallow. She was blinded by Coulson's thighs, but she thought she saw May take his hands and place them on her head. He gripped her reassuringly tight, petting her hair just as May stroked her back. It made Skye feel magical, making them both happy.

"You've done a very good job, Ms. Skye," Coulson praised under May's watchful gaze. He sounded out of breath. "An exceptional job. I wish I could last longer, but I'm afraid you're just too good."

"That's alright," May said. "Come. Come in her mouth."

Coulson sighed as his hips began to rock, his hands moving Skye's head up and down on his cock. She gleefully bobbed her head, sucked, licked, anything she could think of to make him come. She knew if she did, May would be happy with her.

"That's a good blowjob, Skye." May actually slapped her on the back. "Very good. Look at him. He's going to come for you. Swallow his come now, Skye. I want you to swallow every drop. Don't spill even a tiny drop."

Skye nodded as best she could and moaned happily. The pain of the spanking had receded. All she could think of was how proud she'd made Agent May. And after disappointing her for so long, too.

With a strangled groan, Coulson went hot and burst in her mouth. It felt like she was biting down on a garden hose at full blast, but Skye just kept swallowing in heady gulps and trusted nothing was overflowing. The taste was so strong, but like the intensity of the spanking, that just seemed like one more sign of time spent with May. Everything May did was crackling with energy.

When Skye had milked the last drops from him, she swallowed twice, pulled her mouth away, swallowed again, then opened her mouth to show her empty tongue to May. The other agent gave an approving nod.

"Did baby like drinking come?" May asked nicely.

"Yes, yes, very much!"

"Then let's see how you like having your cunt filled up with it. Fitz, come here."

Fitz looked around, like there might've been someone else with his name about, then stood. As one might've expected, there was a tent in his pants. Despite the blooming red in his cheeks that seemed to go all the way to his hairline, he seemed as much in thrall to May as Skye was. All she had to do was beckon him and he shuffled forward.

"Down on your back, Skye," May ordered, her voice harsh once more. The message was clear. Skye couldn't coast on her past accomplishments. She would have to keep proving herself to May.

She laid down, feeling her sweat-soaked shirt on her back and the rough carpet under her butt and legs. May herself undid Fitz's belt, shoving his pants down to his ankles, and then pushing him easily to his knees.

"You've been wanting her," she told him. "Now there she is."

"Uh, hi," Skye said.

"I was just… sorta… thinking there would be different circumstances to this… particular… scenario… of sorts."

May gave Skye a look and the hacker reared up to take Leo's face in her hands and deliver him a deep, soulful kiss. She felt his cock pressed against her belly and it took a moment to give a jump, like it was as surprised as the rest of him. Then he responded in earnest, kissing her as hard as he could, as fast as he could. His kisses were wet and a bit sloppy, but the raw enthusiasm worked on her. She rubbed her thighs together, trying to ignite the sudden sparks, then May crouched down beside them.

She shoved Fitz down on top of Skye, reached between his legs to guide him into her. As Fitz went to work on her, Skye again knew it wasn't wholly
him
that her body was responding to. It was that this was May's idea, that it was her watching them, ordering them around, controlling them. Her moist pink lips moved into a smile as she came, meeting May's eyes.

Fitz didn't last much longer. After a few minutes of jerking, Skye felt a liquid rush inside her, a short-lived fire that kickstarted her lust all over again. Leo breathed hard, his face damp with sweat.

"That was amazing, Skye," he kissed her one last time. "We should go on a date sometime. Get coffee or—"

May pulled him off her. "Jemma, come." She looked down at Skye, flat on her back with her legs spread and a man's seed trickling out of her. Skye smiled innocently at her. "Baby's good with cock. Let's see how she is with cunt."

Jemma arrived as order, standing before May with a bit of nervousness. "Shall I use my fingers or tongue, ma'am? Or I could go get the dildo…"

May ignored her to brusquely free Jemma's clothes from her body. "No, you sit on her face and don't let Skye move. She's not getting up until she's made you come. I don't care if she's never eaten a pussy in her life, she's going to learn."

"Yes, mum," Jemma said instantly, which confused Skye. Had she misheard her say 'ma'am'? But then May pulled down Jemma's panties, leaving her in nothing but her lab coat, and the bald pussy Skye had seen her sporting earlier was clearly her usual look.

May knelt beside Skye, her knee almost at the hacker's throat. "Has baby ever had her pussy eaten?"

"Yeah, she has… I mean, I have."

"Does baby know what she likes?"

Skye thought of that spot inside herself that always made her come embarrassingly quick, but no penis seemed to be able to find. Whenever a guy fingered her, she always tried to help them get it. "Uh-huh."

"I want you to be a good girl and do that to nice Miss Simmons. Can you do that, baby girl?"

"I think so," Skye said, voice quavering. Normally she'd be more confident, but her new and intense desire to please May made her nervous. She didn't want to let May down like she had before!

"You won't fail me, will you Skye? You'll make her come, won't you?"

"Yes, yes I will!" Skye insisted with a surge of confidence she didn't quite feel. Anything to keep May from hating her—maybe get her to pet Skye's hair some more.

May looked over at Jemma. "You know what to do."

"Oh yes," Jemma said tersely, as she straddled Skye's face. "Ride the bitch's face till her tongue's broken."

Jemma did as ordered so quickly that Skye thought she had to be like her—wanting to please May. Skye looked up at the other woman's cunt. It looked strange without pubic hair; Skye shaved, sure, but she never waxed. So Jemma's seemed redder than hers, somehow, a hot pink set in her cool skin. And more than a little wet. It wasn't like Skye looked at hers a lot. She touched it sometimes… maybe Jemma's would seem more familiar if she went by touch.

Closing her eyes, Skye reached up and—felt a sharp slap between her legs. Her eyes shot open to see May. Of course. Who else could make her hurt so bad and yet want more?

"I didn't tell you to finger her. I said to eat it.
Eat."


Skye followed orders without thinking, even though she really would've liked if May slapped her pussy just one more time. She'd never eaten a girl out either—just kissed a few women at parties, made out with a friend in high school, masturbated while thinking about Jennifer Aniston once. But like May said, she knew what she liked, so… well, it wasn't like any pussy strayed too far from the blueprint, was it?

Skye craned her neck and started off by sucking Jemma's clit into her mouth. She usually liked a build-up to the clit stuff, but once a boyfriend had accidentally rubbed his tongue stud against her clitoris and the hard shock of painful pleasure had lit a fire under the whole encounter. It seemed to work for Jemma. She crooned in hurt, then trailed off with satisfaction as Skye lessened the pressure on her clit until she was slurping off it, moving down to her labia.

"Oh God…" Jemma murmured, so low that only Skye and May could hear. Skye squeezed her thighs together. The thought that this was only for the three of them turned her on.

After giving Jemma a bare second to cool down, Skye thrust her tongue into Jemma. The scientist gave a squeak and her hands locked onto Skye's hair, ruffling it more than anything else as she rolled her hips. Her cunt thrust onto Skye's tongue and the hacker faithfully held still, letting Jemma fuck herself on her face.

Another slap landed on Skye's pussy, sending her into a moaning, trembling fit. Her legs pedaled until May sat on them. May spanked one side of her hips, then the other, then pinched Skye's clit between her fingers. Skye thought she would come and never stop.

"Eat my fucking pussy, Skye," Jemma laughed, a bit disturbingly, and bucked her hips into Skye's face so hard that the hacker's head rebounded off the deck. "Eat me or she'll never let you come."

Skye had really,
really
never gone down on a girl, never even thought about it except for that one weird sex dream about May, but she found herself
burying
her face between Jemma's legs. It was a bit like eating a very messy pomegranate, though Jemma's pussy was surprisingly hot. It seemed even hotter than the skin around it, which had to be impossible, right?

Skye just licked and sucked, concentrating on devouring all the slick juices that Jemma fed her. She had to be doing something right. Jemma was moaning up a storm above her, spewing obscenities that somehow came off as seriously adorable. "Oh fucking cunt—oh, you sweet bitch—eat my fucking puss, you sweet little whore… motherfucking shit!"

Apparently May was satisfied too. She took to petting Skye's pussy. The more Skye ate, the harder May rubbed, until one of her fingers slipped inside. Skye's eyes closed and she saw fireworks. Her body was on autopilot—tongue sore, jaw aching with the sheer enthusiasm she showed, but she kept going even as Jemma's juices ran down her chin and dotted her shirt.

Two fingers and Skye felt herself come; a rolling thunder that had her trapped body surging, trying to get free, trying to get to May. She heard May laugh for the first time, a low rumble that ran up Skye's legs. "Someone's made a mess," May commented, running her hand over Skye's pussy. She was so wet it was audible. "Messy girl… my messy girl likes eating pussy, doesn't she? Makes her all wet… dripping wet…"

Skye was screaming May's name, but only into Jemma's pussy. She was being sucked into Jemma, drowning in her. If she made Jemma come, then she could fuck May for real.
Think, Skye, think! You're a fucking adult!


Then Skye remembered. Jemma's clit. She'd ignored it after that first suckling taste. Abandoning the abundant juices Simmons was gifting her with, Skye went to Jemma's hard clit and practically vacuumed it up. She sucked mercilessly, heard Jemma cry out, didn't stop, kept going. Jemma's hips shook, her legs squeezed shut on Skye's head, but she came. A rush of warmth that covered Skye's face. A squirter. No wonder Coulson had recruited her.

Jemma went limp into May's arms, the older woman dragging her off Skye. "Oh, you trollop… fucking slattern… goddamn harlot, I love you."

"Uh, thanks," Skye said, wiping her mouth off with her hand. She looked up at May with her most mature expression. "Shall we intercourse now? I mean, uh…"

"Not yet. Turn over. Elbows and knees, ass in the air."

"You're… you're going to sodomize me?"

"Not me." Arms crossed, May looked over her shoulder. "Ward, get up here. I want to know if our little girl likes a cock in her ass."

>