

Skye nodded, eager to please. "Cool, cool. What'd you have in mind?"

"Good question," May replied. "Unzip my jacket."

Getting on her knees, Skye moved to stand, but May put a hand on her head like she was palming a basketball. Skye stayed down. May kept her hand where it was until Skye reached up and pulled down the zipper on May's leather jacket.

May's hands dropped to her side. "Well-done. Now undo my belt."

Careful not to overstep her bounds in any way, as much as she wanted to touch May, Skye put her hands on Skye's belt buckle and gently undid it.

"Now unzip my fly."

Skye did that as well. Black panties. She was kinda expecting Hello Kitty. No one she'd ever known was as domineering as May without some kind of soft spot. But May was just tough, through and through.

"Pull my pants down."

Skye ran them down every inch of May's perfect legs.

"And now my panties."

Skye obeyed.

"There's a good girl. Now, I want you to kiss my ass."

Skye smiled nervously. "Okaaay. Can you turn around, first?"

"No. You go around me. Crawl."

Nodding to herself, Skye got down on all fours and crawled around the standing May. Her ass was as perfect as the rest of May. Not
pretty
like Jemma or (Skye flattered herself) her own body, but supremely confident and powerful, carried with a lack of anxiety that Skye wished she could equal. It wouldn't be so bad to kiss May
anywhere.
Not bad at all.

Then Skye noticed May's head twisted over her shoulder, her eyes smoldering as they regarded the woman on her hands and knees. And under May's watchful gaze, Skye kissed May's ass, right at the edge of her hip just so May wouldn't think she was a pervert or something.

"Again!" May ordered harshly, as if Skye had displeased her somehow. "And each time you kiss me, I want you to get closer to my asshole. Take as long as you like, but your tongue's going in my ass before you're done."

Skye didn't question it—not something May told her. Just hearing it from May, she knew it was right and good and the best thing for both of them. She got on her knees behind May and reached for that perfect ass, digging her fingers into the creamy flesh as she kissed it again.

May reached back and caught Skye's hair in her hand, holding it like a leash but not tugging on it, not causing Skye pain as she had before. Skye took this to mean she had pleased the older woman. She kept going, running her hands over May's smooth ass, even swiping her tongue over the silky skin.

"Mmmm…" May said approvingly. "Baby likes mommy's ass, doesn't she? Your tongue is so hot… so nice… I'm really gonna like it when you're licking my asshole."

Skye swelled with pride. She felt confidence enough to take a little leeway in May's orders, moving to May's other asscheek and lapping at it with the tongue that May was enjoying so much. May hummed, surprised but pleased, Skye kissing her way down and along the crease where her ass disappeared into a well-muscled thigh.

"Enjoying yourself?" May asked, and Skye moaned happily into the flesh of her ass, so sweet, so delicious. Then Skye felt a brisk slap across her face, May's free hand striking like a serpent. "Enjoy yourself eating my ass. You're not here for your pleasure, you're here for mine."

"Yes, May," Skye apologized quickly. "Sorry, May. I'll do better, I promise." She spread May's cheeks with her hand, just as May had done for her with Grant. "Look? See? Just like you said." She kissed the small of May's back, the subtle protuberance of her tailbone, working her lips lower as her hands massaged their fill of sweet flesh. "I love your ass, May. It's so nice and round. So full. I just can't wait to fuck it."

May's hand pulled back in Skye's hair until her follicles had gone taut, a painful pressure on the younger woman's scalp. "Did you just say I have a fat ass?"

"No, no!" Skye said desperately, almost squeaking. "You have a… you have a fuckable ass!"

"I think right now, the best thing your tongue could do would be to get in my ass. No more waiting. Either you tongue my asshole like a good little girl or I'll put you over my knee and paddle your flank like a bad one. Am I clear?"

Skye nodded eagerly, guessing May didn't want to hear another peep out of her, then she let herself no time for apprehension, just swirled her tongue through the valley of May's ass until she found her asshole.

There, she buried her chin and nose into May's crack until May felt a supple tongue twisting inside her hot hole. She let out a pleased moan that had Skye vibrating with happiness and squeezing her thighs together.

Encouraged, Skye pressed on. Girding her hands on May's hips to hold her steady, she pressed back against May, who was straining her ass into Skye's face. Her lips sucked at the pink muscle, her tongue flicked out.

There wasn't any of the disgust she had feared—May was
pristine,
like a robot, and Skye didn't know if she'd prepared herself specifically for this or if she just attended to herself every day in case an analingus situation came up. In fact, all Skye could taste was, faintly, jism. She didn't know whose it was, Grant's or Coulson's or even Fitz's, but she wiggled her tongue around May's hole for more, felt May's hand cup the back of her skull and force her in deeper.

It wasn't at all like with a pussy, Skye thought, one of those errant little ideas that escaped her incredible determination to please May. That was a bit like… holding hands. This was like a vice. It was hotter, tighter, squeezing her tongue almost painfully, like she was accidentally biting down on it. And hot. Like she had burned the roof of her mouth on pizza fresh out of the oven. It almost hurt. It brought tears to her eyes, but then, Skye was in a very emotional place at the moment. Thankfully, May was helping her.

May leaned forward, steepling her hands on the wall and thrusting her ass even harder against Skye, who didn't move an inch. She rewarded Skye with a vocalization of her pleasure—"Yes, yes, yes…"—and kept shoving her ass into Skye's face, grinding onto Skye's tongue.

And all Skye knew was the sound of May's exhortations and the heat against her face. Her hands came off May's ass, the pressure and warmth increasing on her face as May's flesh closed in on her a little. She could actually feel sweat sliding between them.

One hand reached down, under the dangling hem of her shirt, and found her own needy pussy. The other went to May's. She penetrated both at the same instant.

May's head and shoulder dropped against the wall, her face pressed against it, not feeling the cold metal, only the hot tongue wondrously stirring her ass. Her hips rocked, fucking her holes on Skye's hand and Skye's tongue. "Worship me," she beckoned, and Skye did just that.

Until finally, perfectly, May gave her blessing to Skye.

Skye kept licking and fingering, even after she heard the scream, felt the warm rush around her fingers. She didn't want to displease May, not now, in the home stretch. One by one, her fingers slid from May. Her tongue went last, leaving May flexing with aftershocks.

When she saw May's asshole, it was red and swollen with what Skye had put it through, and almost as wet as May's thighs had become, glazed with May's pleasure. Still Skye didn't abandon her. She traced delicate patterns on one half of May's ass and filled the other with open-mouthed kisses.

"I love you, May," she whispered, though it was mainly to herself.

And at long last, she stood, embraced May from behind, and hugged her tight.

"I love you too." Only after she'd said it did May turn her head, look Skye in the eye, and gently kiss the tip of her nose.

But it wasn't over. A part of Skye's body still hungered for satisfaction, still needed something to be incomplete. She looked at May, so beautiful, so satisfied, so happy and all because of her—and said "Did baby make mommy happy?"

"Yes." May relaxed against the wall, just letting herself be held by Skye, be felt. "Mommy is very happy."


The next day, Skye sat on the floor, idly trying to download apps while her wi-fi was flying through the sky at five hundred and twenty-five miles per hour. May had loaned her another Property of SHIELD T-shirt; her old one
wished
it smelled like gasoline.

Grant stepped over her, stopping a few feet away. "Hey, Skye, you, ah—" He knuckled his hands on his hips. "You feeling alright?"

"Not bad. Kinda wish I could take a bath, but that can wait until we hit the next hotel."

"Yeah… anyway, I got you something." He took a book out from under the crock of his arm, handing it to Skye. "
Salus Populi Suprema Lex Esto:
A Study of The Avengers And Their Effect on Gentrification."

"This is heavy," Skye said.

"Yeah, it's heady stuff, but once you get into it it's pretty clear-cut."

"No, I mean it's literally heavy." Skye weighted the book in her hands. "If I dropped this on my foot, I'd lose a toe. And it's hardcover."

"Yeah, well, politics, superheroes, I thought it'd be up your alley."

"There aren't any pictures? Or pop-ups?"

"No, just footnotes. The occasional weird bookmark because I picked it up used. That reminds me, if you like it, maybe we could discuss it over dinner? We're stopping in Sacramento soon and I know a great little place there."

"Oh, do their meals come with little toys?"

"No, but the wine list is excellent. I can order for you, if you don't know much about that. You seem like a dry white type."

"Uh, yeah. Okay." Skye made her head nod. "I'd like that."

"Okay then. See you later."

"See ya," Skye waved as he walked off.

He was actually treating her like an adult. An adult with boobs.

Skye had learned a valuable lesson. The best way to get people to take you seriously was to have kinky sex with multiple partners.

>