
Title: My Favorite Rock Star's A What?
Author: Natalia Vronsky
Part: 1/6 &amp; epilogue
Category: Rogue/Kitty (friendship) Evolution-verse
Rating: R for language &amp; situations in other parts
Summary: POST "Bada-Bing, Bada-Boom". Rogue and Kitty's have a pity-party that leads to an interesting discovery. Part one of my "Nightmares, Dreams and Realities" series.
Disclaimer: Rogue, Kitty and the X-Men = Marvel. Brent Rizoni, Ten Inch Screws &amp; any other non-X-Men type characters who may resemble certain members of a certain group I love and adore ::cough, NiN, cough:: = belong to... me... and mean no infringement on a certain group :). Cherry Garcia = Ben &amp; Jerry's
Notes: This is my "conformist, review whore" version. You can find the original version, "Trent Reznor's A What?", in all it's containing use of actual famous people type glory at my web-site.
Thanks: Cassie and Daisy, the bestest beta's in this world. :)
Dedicated: To my muse, Mr. Michael Trent Reznor. And to Kelsey, for your wonderful Kelsey-ness, and all your help, support and influence.
Archive: If you wanna archive this, please, take a look at the original... I'd rather that posted than this version. :) And... just ask, I'll say yes.
Feedback: Yes... please... thank you... very, very much. I am a shameless review whore. So... please.

Early 1999

A piece of cellophane floated down to the ground, landing on a small pile of other ripped, and torn pieces of cellophane. Long nails, painted black pulled off the final pieces of plastic.

"Finally." Rogue muttered, opening the minty green colored, foldable double CD case. Two CD's, one labeled left, the other right. In the center, a sleeve held a small booklet containing the lyrics of songs.

Rogue pulled the left CD off first and popped it into her CD player, using headphones so she wouldn't disturb her guardian, Irene Adler. As the music started, she sighed with relief. It'd been years since Ten Inch Screws had had a new CD out. Maybe crap like Britney Spears and N'Sync would go away with the resurfacing of America's best industrial musician.

Rogue lay on her bed, gazing at a poster of a half naked Marilyn Manson on her ceiling as she'd finally gotten to the last of the songs on the right CD.

The song hit her hard. She couldn't exactly tell why either. Maybe it was the haunting lyrics, about longing and a sense of being stained by someone. Rogue shuddered as the song ended. Brent's alluring voice melting away. Another instrumental started, but she turned off her CD player.

Something about that song had really gotten to her. It was eerie, somehow so familiar to her heart, but she couldn't figure out why she felt that way. With a sigh she closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep.

Late 2001

Rogue made a face at Kitty as the X-Men and New Mutants ate dinner that night. Boom-Boom's defection had hit them kinda hard. Especially Kurt, despite his feelings for Kitty. Rogue was, for once, trying to lighten the mood, maybe elevate some of the tension so thick in the room.

But, Kitty didn't seem in the mood as she shot a Rogue-like glare at Rogue before asking to be excused from the table.

"Of course, Kitty." Professor Xavier had said with a sad, sympathetic smile.

Rogue pouted and rested her face in her hands. "Rogue, your elbows shouldn't be on the table." Ororo chided.

"Don't think this is the time to be teachin' the kids etiquette, 'Ro." Logan mumbled.

Rogue moved her elbows off the table, however. Her hands fell to her lap and she stared at them for a second. They were the cause of so much unhappiness in her life.

"Ah'm finished." She said, standing up. "Can Ah go ta my room?"

The Professor nodded.

Rogue grabbed her plates and silverware, going to dump them in the sink. Kitty stood there, gazing out the window. Water running, soap foaming up higher and higher.

"Kitty? You okay?" Rogue asked.

Kitty looked over at her, startled. "Yeah. Why wouldn't I be?"

"Dunno. Kurt's been kinda down 'cause of Tabby. He hasn't really been talkin' ta you... er... anyone lately." Rogue shrugged, putting her stuff in the sink, turning off the water. "C'mon. We'll go have a pity party in the room."

Kitty sighed. "We'd need food." Rogue nodded in agreement as she grabbed a pint of ice-cream out of the freezer.

Kitty phased her hand through a drawer and grabbed two spoons. Both girls glad they got along better than they had when Rogue first arrived. They were also glad they didn't share Jean's fate, and have to share their room with any of the newer... and a little annoying students.

They ran up to their room and shut the door. "How 'bout we listen to some of your music." Kitty suggested. "It's better for a down mood than my stuff."

"Only if you wanna stay depressed." Rogue said with a roll of her eyes. "Maybe some pick me up music would do better." She motioned to the pile of boy band CD's Kitty owned.

Kitty shook her head, digging under Rogue's bed. "I wanna stay depressed for a while. I mean... why her? What was so special about Tabitha that Kurt's so mopey about her? I just don't get it!"

Rogue was at a loss. "Ah dunno. Maybe 'cause she flirted back with him?"

Kitty looked up at Rogue who was digging in to the Cherry's Garcia. "You think that's why?"

"Maybe. Not like Ah would know anything about guys."

"Guy's would be all over you." Kitty said, grabbing a handful of CD's. "I mean... if you didn't wear so much make-up... and maybe some different colors of clothes."

Rogue looked over the CD's Kitty had gotten and put on the Ten Inch Screws CD which had gone pretty forgotten over the past year. "Ah used ta listen ta this all the time... ya know... before the whole 'Ah need ta save the world 'cause Ah'm an X-Man' thing." Kitty laughed.

"They're okay... except for that whole... obscene lyrics thing."

"It goes," Rogue sang a few lines of a song that contained very sexual, s&amp;m; type lyrics, using a brush on her nightstand as a microphone.

"Yeah, that." Kitty said, flipping through the small booklet in the case. "Hey, look at this. Under the thanks, one of the people is C.F.X. Those are the Professor's initials."

Rogue looked at what Kitty was reading. "Yeah... like the Professor'd be that cool."

"Wouldn't it be funny if this guy..."

"Brent."

"Yeah... if he was a mutant." They both giggled. "He couldn't be, right?" Kitty asked, after their giggles died down.

Rogue looked at her and rolled her eyes. "Of course not. Think about it... he's out there in public all the time. Someone would know by now.. then he wouldn't be famous anymore. Everyone would hate him."

Kitty's eyes widened. "Unless he's hiding it. And... maybe the Professor knew him when he first got his powers or something."

Rogue shook her head in disbelief, shoveling ice-cream into her mouth.

"Let's ask the Professor." Kitty said jumping up.

"Kitty..."

"Come on... I need something to distract me! This'll do the trick. Come on." She grabbed Rogue's arm and pulled her out of the room.

"All right, all right. Let go of me." Rogue said, pulling her arm out of Kitty's grasp.

They went down to the dining room to find it empty. "Where could he be?"

"Where oh, where can the Professor have gone, oh, where, oh, where can he be?" Rogue sing-songed as they wandered up to his study.

"What kind of childhood did you have?" Kitty asked Rogue with a laugh at the song Rogue was singing.

"Ah don't know. After Ah absorbed Cody... my own memories up 'til that point got muddy." Rogue said, stopping in front of the door. "Knock."

"No... you knock."

"This is stupid. Like our professor knows Brent Rizoni. Like he'd wanna." Rogue turned around and started walking away.

"Well..." Kitty started, but was startled by a loud, clear voice in her head.

*Aren't the two of you going to come in?* It was the Professor.

"That's so creepy... Ah mean... a hundred times creepier than any of those lame-o teeny-bopper horror flicks you probably like."

"I do not like those movies. They're dumb." Kitty said angrily as she turned the doorknob.

"Ah just wish he wouldn't pop inta our heads like that." Rogue shivered, following Kitty into the study.

**I dunno how long it'll be before I get the next part edited... I'm a slacker... sue me! Lol. Don't forget to review! I'll love you 'til the day I die, I swear!
>