


Disclaimer: I do not own Naruto or RWBY



Naruto's Weapon - I am going to let the reviewers give me ideas for the weapon, and my favorite gets their weapon picked.



Story Start!


'Okay, falling out of the sky?' A man with blond hair and bright blue eyes thought as he looked at himself falling out of the sky itself, as the ground got closer. 'Check. The feeling of chakra going through my body?' The boy thought as he tried to sense if he could feel any chakra going through his body, and while he could feel an energy it wasn't chakra. That meant no chakra for some reason, so he didn't give that a check.

This was Naruto Uzumaki, and moments before this happened he was suppose to have been dying of having Kurama extracted from him. Strange, because he didn't exactly remember what happened after that point. Naruto looked down at the forest bellow him, before he saw a group of people falling from the sky not far away. He felt pretty neutral towards everything actually, because he could tell for a fact that this was not his world.

There wasn't any chakra in the air, and without chakra in the air or in his body that meant he couldn't use his jutsu. Also, not very big of a deal when his body itself was trained to be way passed civilian standerds. Anyway, he still felt energy in him, just not chakra. That meant he still had a natural enhancer in him, so he could defend himself in this world. He trusted his friends to be able to defeat Madara, and eventually find a way to bring him back. They were his friends after all... and the ground was starting to look a lot closer than it had before!

'I wonder?' Naruto thought for a moment as he braced himself to land in the trees, and he channelled whatever energy inside him through his body like he would have done with chakra. Naruto landed perfectly on the ground, and a small crater appeared where he landed. Naruto shivered as the shock of the landing went through his body, before he slowly stood back up and made sure that everything was in place.

"... Fuck that hurt!" Naruto shouted as he cursed and rubbed his knees in annoyance, and his cursing was stopped when he heard a noise behind him and saw a black bear-like creature with spikes made from bone coming from it's back. It also seemed to have a bear mask made of bone, with red veins running along it. Naruto stared at the bear for a moment, and it stared at him.

"... Well aren't you ugly." Naruto commented dryly to the curious bear, before he sweat dropped when it started growling at him and got on it's hind legs.

"Grrrrrrrr." The bear growled lowly, and Naruto raised his hands in surrender.

"Would it help if I said sorry?" Naruto asked, before he ducked under a paw strike from the bear and saw the tree that the bear did hit start to crack before falling down to the ground. "... I am going to take that as a no." Naruto said to himself with a smile, but he ended up cracking his knuckles in preperation for a good challenge anyway. The bear roared and charged at Naruto, before Naruto made the bring it on motion with his hands.

Naruto was about to hit the bear, before he looked behind the bear and started to sweat before he turned tail and started to run away. The bear was NOT alone, because right behind it were at least fourty identical bears.

"Oh fucking Sage! Where the hell am I!?" Naruto yelled in panic as he ran with a comical expression on his face, and he winced with each step he took. Okay, so maybe he should have tried landing in a different position that what he had landed in. He also winced when he felt a pain where his seal should have been... and he also felt a pain coming out of his tailbone for some reason? His head also hurt a little, like something had pushed it's way through his skull.

"Helloooo?"

Naruto blinked when he heard the sound of a woman's voice not far away from where he was, and just when he was about to burst through a set of bushes to escape from the strange bear things the bushes moved around and a girl with wave blonde hair and purple eyes stuck her head out.

"Ruby is that you?" She asked for a moment, before she saw Naruto running towards her... being chased by a large group of Ursa. She sweat dropped for a moment, and in a deadpan responce she answered her own question. "Nope."

Naruto was so surprised that another person appeared that he forgot to change directions when running and ran right into her. The two of them were sent tumbling to the ground, before she ended up looking at the sky on her back while Naruto kept tripping over his feet before he face planted into a tree. She was pretty sure he heard a gasp of surprise coming from the trees when he entered the small clearing, before he shook his head and cleared the dust out of it. Naruto ran over to help the girl up, but he saw she was already standing and dusting herself off. She looked over to see him coming at her, before she grinned.

"Well hello tall, blonde, and foxy. I'm Yang Xiao Long, have you seen a girl wearing a red hood around here?" The girl named Yang stated just as the Ursa burst through the bushes and glared at Naruto, while ignoring Yang completely. She whistled in amazement at how he had already managed to piss off so many Ursa into chasing him around.

"I haven't seen a red girl, just you and these ugly bears... Uzumaki Naruto by the way." Naruto said as he introduced himself with his last name first, before he was tackled to the ground by an Ursa. Naruto placed his feet on the bear's chest, before sending it flying into the air with an amount of strength that surprised even him. That was strength about equal to what he had when he used Sage Mode, and when he use that he was able to throw a creature the size of a small mountain around.

"What did you do to make these guys angry?" Yang asked as she watched the bear fly through the sky, before it came back down and broke it's neck on impact. Now, being a 17 year old girl she had a good amount of appreciation for boys with good bodies, and the guy in front of her had a great one. His jacket and shirt were in tatters, so she was able to see just how muscled the tanned teen was.

"I might have called them ugly. Help... please." Naruto stated as he punched a bear in the face and knocked it's head right off it's body. He gave a palm thrust to one going at his side, and he sent of bursat of his new energy through. The whole creature expanded before it exploded, and Yang nodded to herself at the impressive display.

"Naw, you look like you have everything taken care of." Yang said in amusement, before she jerked her arms forward and her two yellow bracelets turned into the metal boxing gloves with a hole on the front. Despite what she said, she was still going to help out. Leaving a guy that was clearly exhausted from something before this, and letting him fight a group of Ursa was going to leave a stain on her conscious. She was about to start punching, before shesweat dropped when she saw that the bears were still ignoring her in favor of going after Naruto.

That and he was already nearly done with most of the group. She still jumped in and punched one of the bears in the face, and her weapon fired an explosive bullets right into it's head and sent it flying. These creatures were actually pretty durable, which made the fact Naruto was knocking their heads off even more impressive.

'Why is my body so slow?' Naruto thought after a moment when he realized he was barely moving at Genin speed. It was like all his speed had been turned into pure power, of course he was still moving way faster than a civilian, but compared to his usual Jonin speed it was why slower than what he was keeping used to. It felt like he was a new genin again... with super strength. He felt something bumb against his back, and turned his head to see Yang standing back to back with him.

"You are a strange fighter foxy. Don't like weapons?" Yang asked with a smirk on her face as she unleashed a devastating five punch combo to another Ursa's chest, before knocking it through the trees.

"I like weapons, I just don't have any." Naruto said when he remembered that he didn't have any of his usual Kunai or Shuriken with him right now. He would have had them all taken care of by now if he had an actual weapon, but right now he was simply weaponless and the only person he had as back up was Yang... Naruto slapped his own forehead for forgetting something so important. Placing his hands in a plus sign he grinned when he activated his Shadow Clone Jutsu... only to frown when nothing happened. He twitched when he remembered that he had no chakra.

"I bet I could get my sister to make you the perfect weapon for you later." Yang said as the number of Ursa dwindled down until there was only one of them left, and Naruto sweat dropped when the bear just looked at him for a second. Then it yelped before falled face first to the ground with some weird weapon sticking out of the back of it's neck.

"... I could take taken it." Yang said after a moment when a girl wearing a large black ribbon on her head, with long black hair and yellow eyes came from behind the bear. Naruto thought for a moment that she looked a lot like a cat, before she turned her eyes to him and gave him an understanding look. She pulled her weapon out of the bear, before catching it in her hand.

"I didn't know that any Faunus were attending class this year. I'm Blake Belladonna." The black haired girl said, and one word she said stuck in Naruto's head.

"Faunus? What the hell is that?" Naruto asked, and his question through both girls through a loop. How did this guy not know what he was, or even what a Faunus was in the first place? The proof was right on his head, and sticking from his tailbone for crying out loud!

""You... really don't know what a Faunus is do you?" Blake asked when she realized he was being completely serious, and Naruto nodded with a frustrated look. He still hafd no idea what was going on, and not only was he attacked by a weird group of bears but now he was being called a Faunus!

"No, I have absolutely no clue what that is." Naruto said before he saw Yang holding a long orange furred fox tail in her hands, one that looked just like Kurama's did. Naruto followed the path of the tail, before he turned his head and saw that the tail was coming out of his own tailbone. He started to sweat as he moved his hands up to the sore spots on his head, and when he touched two new objects sticking out of his skull he realized that something had truly gone wrong when he had came here. 'Calm down Naruto, you can figure this out. SO what if you have a long bushy fox tail, and so what if Kurama's freaky orange rabbity ears are sticking out of your head.' Naruto thought in panic.

"What the hell is happening!?"

Okay, maybe that wasn't handling the situation very well.


Chapter End.



Naruto is a Fox Faunus... with Rabbit ears like Kurama. I figured this would be the perfect story for that, because Faunus are actually apart of RWBY. The funny part is that even if Naruto is added to this story, since he introduced himself last name first it would go from RWBY to RWUBY. That would still sound a lot like Ruby, and lets face it. The owner of the school would be happy to have such 'talent' like Naruto in his school.



Please Leave Me Lots If Nice Long Reviews, But No Flames Please!


>