

Chapter 32, the epilogue, thanks for sticking with me guys! Hard to believe I got this whole thing done in just a month and a half. I'm glad I had so many people who enjoyed the story, it made writing it all the more fun. Well, for the last time in this fanfic, thanks for reading and please review.

The five nations had begun cleanup and started to figure out who all was lost. For the most part the war hadn't cost to many lives, no one too close to Naruto or Mei had died. Once the battle was over, everyone met back at the base. Huyri had been watching the kids during the fighting, she said they had been a little fussy, probably because they wanted their mommy and daddy.

Mei was happy to have her kids back in her arms, "Oh, hello Mito. Did you miss mama, I think you did?"

Naruto held Asuma close to him, "Hey big guy, were a little fussy for Huyri? Oh, you shouldn't do that. It's ok though, you can get away with it because you're cute."

Sasuke was standing nearby, "Mind if I hold one of them?"

Naruto was a little surprised his friend even wanted to, "Okay, sure."

He took Asuma in his arms and rocked him, "Hi, I'm uncle Sasuke, how are you?"

A red haired girl Naruto hadn't recognized squealed, "Oh, Sasuke-kun's practicing for the baby!"

Naruto was completely lost, "Um, not to be mean, but who are you?"

She ran up by Sasuke, "Karin, this big guys soon to be wife!"

Naruto went wide eyed, "Wait, what!?"

Sasuke gave a nervous smile, "Well, I was getting information on Orochimaru, so I was talking to her because she knew a lot. I was trying to seduce her to get the info out of her and she kind of turned it around on me. One thing lead to another and…"

Karin finished with a smirk, "I banged his brains out."

Naruto laughed, "Wow, didn't know you had it in you teme."

Sasuke shrugged, "Well, we started dating while I worked against Orochimaru for like the past 2 years. A month ago she came to me telling me that she was pregnant, so I asked her to marry me. I love her."

Karin cuddle into him, "Love you too sweetie."

Asuma began to drool, some hit Sasuke's wrist and yelled, "Ouch!"

Naruto grabbed Asuma so Sasuke wouldn't drop him, "What?"

Sasuke held his wrist, "His drool, it's boiling hot!"

Mei squealed happily, "Oh, Asuma's got Boil Release!"

Naruto touched his son's drool, it was indeed hot to the touch, "So does that mean Mito has it too, and will he have Lava release too.?"

Mei shook her head, "No, me having two bloodlines is a genetic miracle. I had to have the perfect genotypes so that now dominate alles would throw off one of them and…"

They looked her like she was speaking some other language, Mei laughed nervously, "Lets just say it's pretty much impossible for a hard to explain reason."

Naruto nodded, "So, will Mito have Lava Release or Boil realse?"

Mei shrugged, "I don't know, she'll likely have one or the other."

Naruto nodded, "Alright, guess we'll just wait and see."

Mei realized something, "Wait, if you don't have Kurama with you what does that mean for your strength?"

Naruto though for a second, "I'm still mid Kage-level I think. I'll have mastered the Yellow flash in like a month, and I've got Sage mode mastered…"

Mei looked up surprised, "Wait, when did you do that?"

Naruto scratched his chin, "About a week before the big fight, I went to mount Myoboku to train with Pa. It was pretty easy since I already mastered the Jinjuriki cloak, it was a piece of cake."

The all continued to talk for hours, they had a lot to catch up on.

On another plain, Obito was trying to figure out things of his own. He opened his eyes to see Rin, "Wait, Rin-chan? But that means this is paradise, I'm actually welcome here?"

Rin laughed, "Obito-kun, a man's life isn't truly measured until his final moments. In your final moments you tried to undo everything wrong that you had done. Not to mention when you were doing wrong you were being manipulated."

The heard a rumble behind them, "
Hiya!"


Obito turned around to see the nine tailed beasts behind him, "So you're here too, have they won or lost?"

Kurama puffed his job out in pride, "
Oh they won, we made sure of that. Madara's dead as a doornail, though I don't think we'll find him here."


Obito sighed in relief, "Thank god. So what do we do now? What am I supposed to say to all the people I hurt?"

Rin laughed, "Well hi for starters…"

And that is that. Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoyed it.

>