

Harry waited a few seconds, deciding whether or not to shift and finally deciding to stay on two legs. Oliver stared and continued to stare at the man then his lips twitched upward into the beginnings of a grin. The night breeze whirled around them and the moon shone down onto the pair of men, illuminating their roof and every roof in Starling City.

"Keep up if you can."

Harry crossed his arms and glared but snorted and took off after Oliver. All the training and the experiments he had in the past few years made it so he could keep up and he started to run alongside Oliver. The archer stopped at the edge of the rooftop then shot an arrow across to the next rooftop, a rope shooting from the arrow and burying itself into the roof opposite them. Oliver used his bow as something to hold onto then slid across the rope, landing on the other side quickly enough.

Oliver expected Harry to still be over there, unclear as to how he was suppose to follow. He had never slid between rooftops while Zeus… Harry was with him but when he rolled onto the rooftop and came to a stop, the quiet clearing of a throat startled him into turning around. Harry was right behind him, back on two legs and grinning widely. Oliver raised an eyebrow, feeling his heart start to beat more quickly than it usually did. Quicker than when he fought.

"Is that a thing?" Oliver questioned as Harry took a few steps closer towards him. "A… spell?"

"Yes," Harry replied, shrugging his shoulders. "It's called apparition. The wizard that you met..."

"Constantine, and no, he couldn't do that," Oliver answered Harry's unasked question. "At least I don't think he could. He also didn't call himself a wizard and he didn't use… a wand like you used just now."

"Hmmm, you saw that, huh?"

"Yes."

Harry looked at him then closed the distance between them, apparently seeing something on Oliver's face. Oliver watched as he drew out the stick of wood that he had waved once or twice in front of him.

"Do you… need that to cast spells?"

Harry shook his head, holding the apparent wand in his open palm. Oliver reached out a hand to touch the smooth wood, feeling it warm underneath his hand. The wood also sparked, throwing off a kind of energy. "Most… wizards do. I kinda… don't."

"'Kinda'?"

"It's a thing," Harry muttered, tucking his wand back into a pocket. "I don't really want to talk about it."

Oliver nodded, understanding that much. He didn't talk about the island to anyone else other than occasionally Diggle. "We need to get back to the Verdant. Felicity will have more ways of finding your rogue… werewolf."

Harry grinned at Oliver's uneasy tone, shrugging. "Eh, if I stick around, you'll get used to it."

"Get used to what?"

"My world," Harry remarked. "It's weird..."

"Weird, I know. Werewolves… are a whole story," Oliver retorted, taking off at a walk for the next roof. "If you can defend yourself, why did you let yourself get knifed in the first place?"

"Oh… right. That."

Harry followed, walking alongside him and watching him nock the same arrow from before and fire that across the rooftops.

"I didn't actually feel like being on two legs for a long time," Harry finally said quietly, running a hand through his black hair. Oliver raised an eyebrow before swinging his bow onto the sturdy metal rope. "Easier that way. Anyway, thanks for patching me up."

Oliver nodded. "I… Your welcome."

"Besides, where'd you learn all this?" Harry asked, gesturing to the bow. "No muggle I know can do anything like this. Were you in the military?"

"Muggle? Should I be offended?"

"No. Or at least, it's not offensive coming from me. From others? Maybe. But it means non magical people," Harry explained, reaching into his coat and drawing something out that looked like a miniature broomstick.

Oliver stared at him then looked at the broomstick that could apparently fit into Harry's palm. Harry saw the look on his face and huffed out a short laugh.

"I was serious about the broomstick flying thing," Harry offered, holding out the broom on his palm and whispering something under his breath.

"Should I be worried about being cursed then?" Oliver asked, his lips twitching up into a small grin. He watched as the broom resized itself, changing back into a regular sized broom.

Harry shook his head then peered at him. "Get on my bad side and you should worry."

Oliver narrowed his eyes.

"I'm kidding! I don't hex people without a really good reason," Harry retorted, his green eyes lighting up. "If you try to kill me multiple times then yes, I will hex you."

"I get the feeling someone has tried to kill you several times," Oliver guessed.

"Understatement of the year," Harry muttered then swung a leg over the broom and… hovered in the air. "You too, I take it?"

"I… don't like to talk about it," Oliver returned, jumping off of the rooftop and going into a freefall as he swung between rooftops. Harry followed him, flying on his broomstick like he said. He looked like he was a natural but Oliver wasn't entirely sure he would know what a beginner would look like.

They met on the next rooftop and Harry hovered next to him. "I get that. I don't like to talk much about my… past either. Well, we can just go about the business of hunting down Greyback and not talk about the past. Hakuna Matata."

Oliver snorted.

Harry grinned. "My godson just watched the Lion King for the first time today and it was my first time too."


The two of them flew and swung between rooftops the rest of the way to the Verdant. Harry followed Oliver back into the alley way to where the back entrance was and stepped inside after the other man. Oliver's lair, or whatever he called it, was right in front of him and this time, he was on two legs. The lair, as always, was low tech but it was rather... cozy for a lair. Though it wasn't like Harry knew of other lairs of vigilantes. He supposed Grimmuald Place could be considered a lair for him and his friends back during the war.

"Felicity, I need you to look up the most recent unsolved murder cases," Oliver called out, as they headed into the main room of the basement of the Verdant. Harry watched as the other man put his bow away and walked right up to the desk of computers and then followed, stopping to look over the lair from a taller perspective.

"Oliver? Who's this?"

Harry watched as Diggle walked around a few trunks of equipment and stood in front of him. Felicity too turned around from her seat at the computers, her eyes widening at his appearance.

"He... He's the guy who we saw a few days ago," Diggle added, looking at Oliver for confirmation.

"Yes, he is. He's here to help with a case," Oliver explained, gesturing to Harry, who nodded.

"Harry James Potter." He held out an expectant hand and Diggle looked him over, eyes narrowed.

"Which case?"

"The one that has led to the mauling deaths lately," Harry replied. "The murder that Oliver just checked out. That is the case I'm helping with."

"You're taking murder cases now?" Felicity questioned, looking between the three men.

"It's a special case," Oliver spoke. "The murder was not committed by a human."

Diggle and Felicity's eyes widened.

"Werewolf?" Felicity finally said faintly.

"Does this have any correlation with Zeus' appearance?" Diggle asked. "Is he..."

"I am no criminal," Harry cut in warily. "But yes, that murder and probably others in the last week or so were committed by a werewolf. Zeus has something to do with it, I suppose. At least... I... I think the murderer is after me. In fact, I know he is."

"Wait, let's get this straight. You know who the murderer is?" Diggle questioned.

"Yes. And I'm sorry I led him here but I didn't know he was alive in the first place."

"Who tipped you off?" Oliver asked, narrowing his eyes in thought.

"A goblin," Harry answered nonchalantly, starting to pace around the lair. He always thought better when he was moving and that hadn't changed. "Name of the guy is Fenrir Greyback."

"A goblin..." Diggle trailed off, his eyes widening. "You're serious."

"Deadly serious, seeing as this guy wasn't suppose to be alive or free in the first place," Harry muttered. "Goblins though are tricky bastards. The one I talked to didn't tell me why or how Greyback had gotten out of prison."

"What kind of a fighter is he?" Oliver asked. "If you say he is... feral, what does that mean?"

"It means we need to be careful," Harry suggested, walking over to look up at the exercise bar that was high up between two metal poles then glanced back to Oliver. "We can't let him get close to us when we find him unless you want to become a werewolf. I don't really recommend it myself."

"Were you in the military?" Diggle asked, looking between the two men.

"I... suppose I could have been called a soldier but I wasn't officially in any kind of military," Harry offered, rolling his eyes. "Greyback will have all the strength of a wolf but he should... hopefully be on two legs still. It's not like the full moon is anytime soon."

"How did you find out Oliver's secret?" Felicity asked as she began typing away at the sole computer on the desk. "I assume he didn't tell you?"

Harry shook his head then glanced over at Oliver, raising an eyebrow. The man returned the look, unslinging the quiver of arrows from his back.

"Zeus found it out," Harry remarked.

Felicity stared at him and he could feel Diggle staring at him. It took a few minutes before Felicity spoke again.

"You mean..."

Harry nodded, taking a step back from the computer desk and thinking of the animagus spell in his mind. Within seconds, he was on four legs. He sat down on his haunches and barked, startling Felicity and Diggle. Felicity yelped, her eyes widening. Diggle's eyes widened so much so that he thought that they would fall out the man's head.

"You're… But… What… Are you a werewolf?" Felicity finally questioned faintly, looking between Oliver and Harry.

"No," Oliver answered, walking over to stand beside Harry, who yipped once before shifting back. "He's a…"

"I'm a wizard," Harry finished.

>