


This is a fanfic I've written about the Winx. Mainly about Flora really.



It's an adaption of Disney's Little Mermaid. I really liked the story and this idea popped into my head a while ago. This is my second tryout for the story.



I've been reading up on a lot of Fanfics lately and I decided to make one of my own.



Actually, it was KukkiaKipu's story of Flora's Cinderella version that gave me the idea.



You might want to read her work. She has some nice stories.



Anyhow. I hope you like my version of it. I thought it was a pretty funny idea.



Enjoy!



~Kedan



Side note: Imagine the Winx Fairies in their Believix form. Also, don't forget, they are about as big as a hand! Fairy size!



The Little Fairy


"We are almost there!" said a young boy with long dark blue hair and light eyes. While he wrestled his way through the rough forest.

"Ugh, Helia. Why so far away?!" Riven (3rd in line) followed right behind his youngest brother. His red gelled up hair had been caught by some branches and tried to break free.

"Yeah, man. Couldn't you have done like, it in the castle?" Brandon (second oldest) chuckled at seeing Riven wiggling free and decided to help him. The short brown haired boy got him out with ease.

"Come on you guys, you know how he is with nature. It's a wonder he didn't pack his sketchbook." Sky (the oldest) put his blonde bangs behind his ears so he could see the incoming branches better.

"Laugh all you want, I know you'll love this!" and excited Helia lead them through various unknown parts of the wood until they came to a clearing. It was a large circle with soft green grass in the middle and a tree here and there.

People where hard at work putting up tents, tables and seats. The cooks where in the middle of cooking and cursing because of the basic means and tools at their possession.

"Finally, what took you so long?!" Timmy (2nd youngest) adjusted his glasses while sitting on a rock and not even looking up, his face was hidden behind his orange hair while he was looking at his laptop.

Riven: "What? How did he get here so fast?! How did everyone get here!"

Roy (4th in line) bumped into him his arms loaded with firewood and put them next to Timmy.

"How do you think smart brain, we went by car. Now if you are done nagging, the tents still need to be put up." the short haired blonde walked back to the cars to get more supplies.

"What? How? Why? How come they get the car and we get stuck hiking with art boy here?!"

Sky and Brandon looked at each other and then at Helia. "You don't mean..." The blonde one started.

Helia grinned. "Yes! I finally got you to go hiking with me! Best present ever guys!"

Brandon face palmed with a grin and Sky whistled in disbelief. "You got us there little brother." He looked around. "So, how come Roy and Timmy didn't come?"

Helia shrugged his shoulders. "Roy figured out what was going on and would have spoiled the whole hiking trip thing if he joined, you know how he is. And Timmy... well... he's Timmy."

"I would have preferred a car ride too you know! I'm sweaty and I'm full of mosquito bites at places I didn't even know I had! You're lucky it's your birthday little brother, or I would have-"
Brandon took Riven's arm and dragged him to the car. "Easy tiger, Let the kid have his fun.

By the way the quicker we help them set things up for the party, the faster we can get to the food!"

And with a small 'hmpf' Riven started helping putting up the tents. Brandon knew he'd get his younger brother convinced with food.

Helia looked around. He loved nature. The trees, the flowers, the plants, the animals,... Sky was right, why didn't he bring his sketchbook. Maybe it was in one of the cars.

Helia wanted to turn to the cars when he saw something in the corner of his eye.

He turned around again to look what it was and saw something shiny zooming out of sight.

"What was..."

"You saw that too?!"

Helia still looked at the place it vanished and slowly turned his head to Timmy. "Yeah, I think so... What was that?"

"I don't know, that's what I've been trying to find out." He pressed some more keys on his keyboard and adjusted his glasses once more.

"This might sound crazy but..."

"But what, Timmy?" Helia went closer to the orange haired boy and put his own hand on Timmy's shoulder.

"What is that?" He pointed to a picture on Timmy's laptop screen and leaned in closer.

It was a wall carving of a young girl, it was in sepia colours so you couldn't see how it was supposed to look, but she was beautiful. With long flowing hair and long legs in a short dress. She had wings on her back almost as big as herself. She smiled.

"That, Helia, is a fairy! I've been looking them up ever since I got here! I think I saw one on our way over... and just now too. I think we are so deep in the forest they might actually be around."

"You seriously believe in that Timmy? Seems awfully irrational for you." Helia stood up straight again and looked the picture from afar.

"I don't know, but according to this, Today is a special day for fairies, tomorrow is an empty moon and there will be almost no light to give them away, so they can come out without anyone seeing them."

"I guess they didn't take us into account then!" Roy decided to sit next to Timmy for a short break.

"Yeah, this place will be so bright with all those light that it would seem like day." Sky adjusted his last lamp to the tent and joined the others. He looked at the screen.

"Now that's a beauty if I see one. I wish human girls looked like that!" Riven shoved Roy aside to see the image better. Earning a "Hey!" in his ear.

"What are you all up to?" Brandon asked while he decided to check what all his brothers where doing hunched up together.

"WHOA! Nice legs!" He exclaimed as soon as he saw the picture and then winked to the youngest (Helia).

Helia shook his head with a smile. They are unbelievable.

"All right boys, enough playing around. We have work to do!" A stern looking woman clapped her hands and came closer to the 6 brothers. She had sleek dark brown hair and pointy blue glasses which made her look even more terrifying.

They all moaned and got up.

"I betcha don't like those pair of legs huh?" Riven nudged Brandon in his sides.

Brandon made a gagging sound and everyone stared laughing with an "Eww" following the laughter.

Helia stopped and turned around again to take one more look at the place he saw "the fairy".

He then shook his head with a smile and followed his brothers to the tents.


A little pink long haired fairy was hiding for her life behind some leaves. Boy that was close.

Who knew there would be human this deep into the forest! It's a good thing her green outfit made her blend in with the leaves so well.

She must tell the Queen about this. But maybe not today. She knew how much the Queen was against humans. And she couldn't make her angry today. No, definitely not today.

Roxy looked one more time at the humans and decided it was safe to get away. She quickly dive deeper into the forest staying low on the ground.

She flew for a bit until she stared to see a little light in sight. She followed the light until she got to a small (big for her) dome in the middle of the forest. The Dome was covered in leaves so it wouldn't be to noticeable for "uninvited guests" AKA humans. Roxy flew inside.

Inside the some, a party was about to start as well. One that has been planned for ages. The Fairy Queens 100 birthday. The room was filled with thousands of fairies and pixies. It was dark orange with light green lines from the inside but filled with lights which gave a cheerful and happy mood.

Everyone was putting in the last touches for the grand show. The Musical!

The Pixies Tune and Digit where the biggest stars here, along with the 6 daughters of the Queen.

Tune was going to be the conductor for the songs Musa put together. Hence Musa was in the show, so she couldn't help out otherwise. She was putting her light purple hair in order so she looked presentable. She was the pixie of Etiquette so she had to look well at all times.

Digit made sure everything was at it's place. And looked if everyone was doing what they were supposed to do. She kept looking at her display board (what do you expect from the pixie of nanotechnology), and sighted.

Pixie Amore took care of the decorations and the stage. She was the pixie of love, so there were a LOT of red flowers everywhere.

The Stage was amazing. It was filled with flowers and instruments. Something felt out of place though. A ball of light, a ball of fire and a bubble ball hovered above the stage, along with a musical note that danced around.

It was Pixie Lockette job to take care of all the guests and guided them to their appointed seats. She was doing this very swiftly. She was off course the pixie of Portals so she knew her way around.

Piff was... well... asleep somewhere. Not unusual for the pixie of SweetSleep.

And Chatta, the pixie of Chatter, was supposed to announce everyone but was nowhere to be seen.

"Has anyone seen Chatta?!" a worried Digit came flying through the crowd looking around in panic.

"No, I haven't seen her since this morning?" Lockette guided the last of the guests away.

"She'll be here soon, don't worry." Amore flew in next to Digit and patter her on her back.

Tune joined them. "Well, she'd better hurry! The Queen could be here any mo-" Tune didn't even get to put her hands in her side before they got interrupted by the sound of trumpets. The Pixies all looked at the entrance. Even Piff woke up and looked.

"Oh no! She's here! Places everyone! Amore! You announce her!" Digit was freaking out now.

Amore nodded her head with and awkward smile and took the microphone. She swallowed.

Time to wing it!

"Fairies and Fairiefolk, please have a warm welcome to her highness Queen Faragonda!" she yelled into the Digit's version of a microphone.

The room erupted into cheers and clapping.

Queen Faragonda glided down from the highest entrance and landed gracefully in front of her appointed chair. With her beautiful wings, with different shades of blue and grey, made her a sight to behold. (Yes, she has wings in this story, Because I can!)

She had her white hair into a lose bun and smiled warmly. She waved at the people below. She wore a simple blue dress and had a white rose in her hair.

Digit flew up to her. "Your Highness!" She bowed.

"Ah Digit, I trust everything is going as planned? I'm looking forward to your show." She said, looking around at the decorations. "You've really outdone yourself, ladies."

Her eyes hovered to the stage and saw the strange items on the stage. She rose her eyebrow and smiled to herself.

Digit swallowed. "We've had a few hiccups your highness, but everything should be fine now!"

"Good, good." She walked up to her balcony.

"My dearest fairies. Thank you for coming to this special day! I hope everyone will enjoy themselves. I hereby announce the feast has begun!" She rose her arms up in the sky and shot a giant ball of glittery sparkles up into the sky. Making it land on everything below. The people clapped in awe of the sight. Cheers filled the room again.

Amore placed the microphone to her lips once more.

"Is everyone ready?!" She yelled into the mic.

More cheering inside the dome.

"Then please get your hands together to our lovely stars and main characters for tonight's show!"

More cheers.

Digit face palmed. What was she saying... we needed quietness for it to begin.

Slowly, the instruments started to tune their strings and the room slowly fell quiet.

Digit looked at the Queen.

Queen F. (I'll be using this now) sat down on her chair and looked at the stage with a smile across her face.

Thank god, she didn't notice.

She sighted and nodded at a confused Tune.

Tune mustered a smile and nodded back. She turned to the musicians. She tapped her stand and raised her stick.

The music began.

One by one, 6 fairies entered the stage. Each in their own special way...

Stella, the oldest, appeared out of the ball of shining light.

Bloom, the second oldest, came out of the ball of fire.

Techna, 3rd in line, appeared with a vertical twist out of thin air.

Aisha, 4th in line, popped out of the shiny bubble.

and Musa, the 2nd youngest, transformed back into herself from the music note.


We are Faragonda's Daughters!
The Queen of the Fairies who taught us well.



Here's Stellaaaa-


(You-might-know-her-she's-the-loudest-of-us-all!) ~chuckled Bloom
"HEY?!"


Meet Bloom!

(She's-the-nicest-and-will-help-you-when-you-fall!) ~smiled Techna
"Awww!"


There's Musa

(She'll-sing-and-play) ~ Aisha winked at Musa


Aisha

(She'll-dance-all-day) ~Musa winked back to Aisha


For Techna

(Get-her-Display!) ~Stella pointed to techna who was checking the sound statistics for a second to see if everything was going to plan.
"NO!"

Digit hid behind her hands and whispered: "Nooooo..."

They got back into the song.


But that's not all!
There is a youngest that we have not got to yet


-A Beautiful pink flower rose up from out of nowhere-


She'll get you in all kinds of trouble that you will regret.
But inside this flower lies a beautiful aura.


-The flower began to open and the 5 fairies circled around the flower-


Meet our sister! Flo-


The music stopped and the now silent room filled itself with gasps.

Digit face palmed and Tune put both of her hands on her cheeks in panic. Amore fainted and Lockette caught her. Piff simply blinked her eyes in confusion.

The sisters looked at the now open empty flower, then to each other in panic and then to their mother.

The Queen rose slowly from her seat with anger across her face.

"FLOOOOORAAAAAAAAAAAAA!"



Hope you enjoyed my first chapter.



I'm not sure if others will happen. I've had fun with this but it takes up a lot of time.



I did make another one like ages ago, but I never posted it... it's for DBGT... I KNOW RIGHT?!



So! I hope I get to talk to you later! For those who want. Let me know what you think so far...



Thank you for the feedback of the previous tryout. I hope you enjoy this one more.


>