


Mysterious Girls


Flora felt the temperature change around her. It wasn't cold, but it wasn't as warm and cozy as before but being far too tired to care much and her brain not working at 100% she didn't wake up, but instead, leaned closer to the one source of heat she did feel.

As soon as she did however, she knew she was dreaming. She smelled something familiar, more of a scent really. Something with ink, coconut and something else, she couldn't quite grasp.

She knew one thing; this was going to be a good dream. Because she loved the smell more than anything and it made her feel drowsy once more as she tried to get as close as possible to her heat source. She drifted away with a sigh.


The second time she woke up, she was feeling warm again. She felt the sun on her face and she heard birds from afar. Wondering when she opened a window she moaned and wanted to roll over to continue her lovely dream. The one that had the blue haired boy in it and his bright blue eyes that stared straight at her. But the birds kept disturbing that said dream.

She stretched as she opened her eyes to maybe ask them to be a little bit quieter. Being the fairy of nature, that should work right? But as soon as she did, she got greeted by a few red satin clouds above her bed.

She stared at them with an eyebrow raised.

She didn't remember having satin clouds on her ceiling?

She rubbed her eyes and looked at them again.

Nope, they were still there…

Looking closer at them, she noticed they weren't clouds, they looked like fabric. She slowly sat up and tried to reach for them, only to pull back when she touched them. Why was there satin fabric on top of her bed?

She turned around and saw beige sheets around her. Wrapped in them was her blonde haired sister, who was still asleep.

She didn't remember inviting Stella to her room last night?

A chuckle startled her and made her look up at the origin of the sound.

A young man with dark blue hair was sitting on a chair in a corner, not that far from her. It was a big chair that looked more like a one person couch than a chair, but whatever.

He was holding a drawing book and a pencil. And he was looking at her intensely and with a smile. Just like in her dream. Those lovely blue eyes where she could drown in and…

"Aah!" She yelled, holding her hand in front of her mouth, suddenly realizing it really was her dream prince, sitting in that corner AND staring at her. She got startled by her realization and started to look around wildly. Trying to take in everything around her at top speed.

Two more beds like hers where spread in the big room, in them where her sisters, who were also asleep, just like Stella. The room had a closet and a huge window, which was partly opened.

The door of the room was at the other side, next to the boy in the chair.

She noticed him again as he stood up quickly, also startled by her sudden yell and held his hands in front of him.

"Easy! Please! Don't yell." He begged.

Flora pulled the sheets towards her on impulse, much to the dismay of her sister who moaned.

"What happened?" She asked. "Where are we? How did we get here? Who –" She started asking but he interrupted her by joining her on the bed.

He sat sideways on her foot-end and turned to her, his hands still raised but his smile put her at ease a little.

"I'll explain later." He started.

"Right now we need to make sure all of you are okay, how are you feeling?" He asked

She felt like this was the least of her worries. She was next to the one she had been looking for, and he was asking her how she felt?! This was not the plan. Not the plan at all! She didn't even know when they met! This was all wrong!

"A-Anxious?" she answered his question truthfully.

He chuckled once more into his fist. "I can tell."

She felt herself heat up a little. Feeling silly about her answer.

"I meant about your health though. Not dizzy or nauseous? We didn't know how long you were in the sauna, so we didn't really know what to do.." His voice grew quieter.

Ah yes, the sauna, she remembered now.

They obviously fell asleep in the sauna, even though the sign told them not to. She gave herself a little footnote to listen more to signs in the future then to her sister. Feeling stupid for falling asleep, she sighed and looked down defeated. How did this happen.

As she looked down, she noticed her clothing. Or rather lack off…

"Ack!" She yelled again, pulling the sheets to her chin this time.

"Oh!" Helia got startled again by her sudden movement.

"Yeah, sorry about that." He rubbed the back of his head as he saw her face redden.

"We found your clothes, They are in that closed over there." he pointed to one of the closets. "But we didn't know who's where who's; so the maids figured it was best to leave you in your swimming gear… But we gave you extra sheets to keep you warm!" He tried to explain. "My name is Helia by the way." He extended a hand.

Flora looked at it and then back to him. Figuring out the best course of action. As if he noticed her struggle.

"I'm not going to bite you know." He smiled.

"Sorry" She apologized feeling rather stupid again, she knew that. She extended her hand to take his into a shake. "I'm Fl-" She tried to say, but she didn't even get to touch him.

"Flora! Will you quit hogging all the sheets! You're totally making me cold!" Stella's head shot up from beneath a pile of fabric only to pull it the sheets towards her and turn around falling right back asleep.

Flora and Helia were both blinking surprised at what just happened, staring at the blonde, who totally seemed to not notice the situation. They looked at each other again with an awkward smile. Flora feeling rather exposed all of a sudden, put her arms around herself, as Stella had just taken most of the silk fabric away from her chest. She felt her face get hot again, but didn't scream, for once.

Helia tried his best to look away from her as he stood up a little nonchalantly. Thinking this was the strangest first meeting of a girl he ever had.

"Flora huh?" He asked her, walking back towards his chair and picked up his pencil and pad.

She nodded, not knowing if he could see it or not.

"That's a lovely name." He turned to her with a smile.

She felt herself blush a little more but smiled. "So is Helia." she said softly.

Helia felt some heat go to his face and hoped with all his being that it wouldn't show. Never had a woman told him he had a nice name. And the way she said his name gave him a warm feeling inside.

He cleared his throat. "I'll uh, go get the rest. So we can explain what happened." He gestured to the door.

Flora nodded silently. "And I'll wake the rest, so they can listen." She smiled.

Helia had no idea what came over him but he suddenly felt a little dizzy. As if a memory came spinning back to him as soon as he saw her smile. But it left again as soon as it came.

Shaking his head and holding his forehead. He turned towards the door.

"Are you okay?" He heard her say.

"Yes, I'm fine." He managed to get out.

"I'll… be right back." He whispered as he opened the door and closed it again quickly. Leaning against it when it closed.

Wondering what had just happened he shook his head again confused. Never had a girl given him so much different feelings in such a short time. Sure, she was cute. Totally his type actually. And even though she tried to hide herself, he had (shamefully he admit) seen most of her figure already when he carried her out of the sauna. He also didn't need his brain to tell him he liked the way she looked.

He put a hand on his face and watched through his fingers; this was not the time, nor the place to be thinking things like this! He didn't even knew her! But he did feel like he had seen her before.

Wondering who the girls in there where, he figured the best thing he could do now was get the rest like he said he would.

He stood up straight again to find the rest. But couldn't resist looking back once more to the big oaken door that held 6 mysterious girls.


Flora felt herself blush and hugged her knees with a smile. Thinking about what had just happened.

She couldn't believe she was able to talk to him so calmly. And he talked back!

I mean sure. It was a short conversation. And it would be rude to not speak when talked to. But she couldn't help but feel a little happy about how things went.

But how did things go anyway? How did they end up here?

He did say he would explain when he returned.

Oh right! He was going to return. She had to wake the girls.

Taking Stella's shoulder with one hand she started shaking her lightly. "Stella, Stella, please wake up."

The blonde moaned a little. "5 more minutes."

Flora chuckled. "We don't have 5 minutes silly. The BOYS will be here soon." she emphasized on the word, knowing it would wake her up presto. And she was right.

"BOYS?" Stella shot up straight and stared at Flora with open eyes, blinking twice. "What boys?"

Flora got out of bed and felt the cold floor on her feet. It felt a little nice and helped her cool down a little and clear her head. She walked towards the other bed, where Bloom and Tecna were sleeping in.

"The princes dear." She played along. As she poked the 2 sleeping beauties awake.

"Princes?" Bloom rubbed her eye while sitting up.

"Morning to you too Bloom, Tecna." She chuckled as she walked to the other bed.

"Where are we?" Tecna asked, as calm and collected as she ever was.

Stella and Bloom looked around in wonder as well.

"Oh, in the castle I think?" She turned to Aisha and Musa, as they were in the last bed and pulled away their sheets playfully.

Musa simply moaned and turned around, Aisha woke up instantly and sat up, ready for danger.

"What castle?" Stella asked, as she got out of bed too and sat on the food end, the same way Helia had done just a minute earlier.

Flora turned to Stella again. She pressed her two index fingers together shyly. "Helia's castle."

"WHAAAT?" They all said in union, well, all except for Musa, who yawned and stretched, asking to be a little bit quieter.

"Oh god! How did we end up here?" Aisha asked herself out loud, face palming.

"Apparently we fell asleep in the sauna, and the boys rescued us." Flora said happily.

"Oh, how embarrassing." Tecna fell back into the bed again.

"They rescued us?" Bloom raised an eyebrow.

Flora only nodded and turned towards the closet Helia pointed to. She opened it quickly and indeed, their clothes where neatly folded into shelves.

Flora took out her clothes and wanted to put them on a pile on the chair Helia was sitting on. She paused for a second and then smiled before putting down the clothes. She felt the eyes of her sisters on her back.
"How do you know all of this Flo?" She heard the bluenette say.
She turned back to the closet and started to give everyone their clothes, which they took.

"Flora?" Bloom asked, hinting towards Musa's question.

Flora turned again towards her clothes and started dressing, she didn't dare to look at the girls as she felt her cheeks heat up.

"Helia told me."

Stella dropped her dress; Musa almost ripped her pants when she put her leg trough it a little faster than intended as her foot dropped on the ground; Aisha's hand slipped, almost hitting herself in the face, while she was closing her zipper; Bloom put her skirt up a little too high and Tecna just stared flabbergasted.

You could hear a pin drop.

Tecna was the first to speak up: "You spoke to Helia?!"

"When?! How?! Where?!" Stella chimed in. She was smiling from ear to ear and almost tripped as she tried to get as close as possible.

"Just now actually…" She quietly continued, as she put on the last of her shoes.

"Well?" Bloom had completely forgotten her clothing and leaned in closer.

"It was… special." She blushed again.

"Special?!" Musa continued to put on her pants. "It better be!"

"What did he say?" Tecna asked, as she had also finished dressing and closed one of the belts of her shoe.

"Oh, he apologized for not knowing who's clothing was whose and he asked how I was feeling. He even introduced himself." She chuckled as she did her hair into a ponytail.

"Oh my god!" bloom had put her hand on her mouth. "What did you say?"

Flora looked down as she sat on the chair. "I kinda froze…" She admitted.

Aisha face palmed again, feeling like she was going to have to do that a lot in the next couple of days. "ugh, off course you did."

Flora looked a little hurt. "Look I was startled, all right? I woke up and the first thing I see is his face! I even thought I was still dreaming when I saw him! I just stared…" She broke off.

Stella smiled brightly at her little sister. "Well at least you got to show off your new bikini. That must have left an impression." She winked.

Flora turned bright red but before she could say something else, she heard a soft knocking on the door.

"Flora? May we come in?"

She froze and stared at the girls in panic. "It's him!" She whispered.

"Well! Let him in!" Bloom said enthusiastically.

"Hun." Aisha pointed to Bloom. "Maybe you should get dressed first, unless you want to leave an impression too?" she chuckled.

Bloom had totally forgotten to get dressed and so did Stella as she had also been preoccupied in teasing their youngest sister.

Jumping out of bed as fast as they could they started to get dressed.

The others laughed.

"Just a minute please." She said to the big door. She had put both of her hands on it and listened with her ear on it, waiting for an answer.

Someone sighed. "This could take a while, women, right?" She heard him say, It wasn't Helia. Looks like he did get the other princes. It still sounded so unbelievable.

She heard a thud. "Dude, Sky! What was that for?" She heard the same voice again.

"Riven, you will never change." She heard someone else say.

Then a few chuckles.

She chuckled herself as she let go of the door to see if her sisters where done dressing.

Stella complained about not having a mirror but concluded she must look decent enough, because she nodded the okay. The others did too, though no one spoke, feeling the tension in the air.

She nodded back and took the door handle. She breathed in once and sighed an "okay, I can do this" Before she pulled the door open. Revealing 6 young men in front of her. She stepped into the opening.

They weren't watching the door at all. Helia in fact had his back turned to her and was laughing in his fist. Riven (If she remembered correctly) was rubbing the back of his head and looked with an angry smile to the oldest blonde while the other blonde was laughing openly. The orange haired one was simply shaking his head and the brown haired one noticed her first as he coughed loudly. Signaling the others. She remembered him as Brandon (with Stella fangirling over him like that, who wouldn't remember). The other names had escaped her.

Helia turned around unexpectantly fast to face her. She was already standing in the doorway, their noses almost touched. Her mouth was open to say something as she froze, startled by the close proximity. He was a little taller than her so he was looking down and she was looking up. They both blinked twice.

At the same time, they both stepped backwards, with flustered faces. Helia fell into Brandon who caught him by the shoulders with a grin.

Flora was less lucky. The heavy door had been closing behind her as she stepped back. She uttered a small "ack" as she hit her head against the door.

She closed her eyes and rubbed the back of her head shyly. Utterly confused and startled.

As she looked up she saw the brothers exchange glances with a grin as Helia stepped forward again to see if she was alright. "S-Sorry about that, You okay?" His face was a little flustered.

She waved her arms in front of her to keep her distance from him, feeling her face heat up again. "No worries, I'm fine. Just a little startled." Cursing herself for her honesty once more.

"Girl, what- are- you- doing back there?" Aisha opened the door completely again before Helia could say something else.

She stared blankly to the boys as she crossed her arms, looking from one face to the other and resting her gaze on Flora.

"Well? Aren't you gonna ask them in?" she took the door again and stepped back inside holding it open for them.

Flora nodded fast and cleared the doorway for them to pass her. Helia stepped through first, locking his eyes briefly with hers before stepping inside.

"She's a feisty one, isn't she?" She heard the redhead whisper to the short haired blonde. The other male simply shrugged with a smile as they each stepped inside.

Aisha closed the door behind her as silence fell from the room.

Stella and Brandon both broke the silence.

"So-." They said in union.

Startled by the fact that they both said something they simply stared at each other with a smile.

Brandon recovered first and stepped towards her. He took Stella's hand and bowed to kiss it.

"My name is Brandon." He said unfazed as he kissed her hand. Stella felt a little blush come up but could instantly feel the dare he was giving her.

"Stella." She said as if she didn't care. But smiled none the less.

"Uhm, Timmy here!" The orange head said, as he moved his glasses back up his nose.

Tecna replied to him with a professional outstretched hand in front of his face, she had read somewhere that this was the way to greet. "My name is Tecna."

Timmy blinked once surprised but took her hand and lowered it to the right height, he then shook it. They both smiled, seeming content as to how this should be done.

"Riven." The redhead crossed his arms and watched the exchange boredly.

"Musa." The girl in question copied his movement but gave a sly smile at the redhead. He simply replied with a raised eyebrow.

"I'm called Roy." The short haired blonde bowed charmingly. If he had a hat, he would have taken it off with a swish.

Aisha shook her head disapprovingly. "Aisha." She shortly said as she leaned on one leg and put her right hand in her side.

"I'm called Sky." The tallest blonde boy said happily as he also stretched out his hand to Bloom. Seeming to think Timmy had the best idea on how to introduce.

Bloom copied Techna's movement. "My name is Bloom." She smiled turning a little red.

"Nice to meet you Bloom." Sky smiled as he put his other hand on their shake.

Bloom seemed startled by the extra movement and simply stared at him wide eyed. He finally took his hand back and placed it on Helia's shoulder. Leaving Bloom staring at her own hand.

"And you've met Helia, as he was the lucky one to be on guard as you woke." Helia smiled, his face still a little red as he locked eyes with Flora.

"Actually, we didn't. We were still asleep." Stella cut in. They all looked at her.

"Flora here was the only one that spoke with him." She gestured the now blushing brunette.

They all turned their heads towards Flora as she smiled shyly with a nod.

"Ah I see." Was all Sky said as he grinned towards Helia.

Helia gave a quick cough. "I'm really glad you're all alright though. We were thinking of bringing you to the hospital first."

The girls exchanged a questioning look.

"What's a hos-?" Tecna started, but got silenced by Musa (who was closest by). She had slapped a hand in front of Tecna's mouth and smiled awkwardly at the boys.

Most of the boys rose and eyebrow and silence fell over them.

Tecna, quickly catching on, removed Musa's hand from her mouth and nodded at her. "Don't mind me, continue please." She said unfazed.

It was the princes turn to exchange glances. Sky only shrugged. Thinking it was best not to pry… yet.

"Anyway, we figured it was best not to because we couldn't find any I.D's on your clothes, plus you had that golden card, Sending you away would probably cause media ruckus." Brandon explained.

The girls stared at them confused. It even took Flora a while to get what they were saying, even with her knowledge of humans. She recovered though and smiled a little. "Thank you for protecting our privacy." She really wished Roxy was here. Though she couldn't possibly know how she could translate.

The boys nodded.

"How did you get us out though?" Aisha asked, still standing in her same pose.

Riven was the one who coughed this time. The others just looked a little uncomfortable.


*Flashback*

"What do you mean 'Six hot girls?'." Timmy gasped.

"Exactly that bro, 6 girls are sleeping inside of the sauna." Brandon repeated to them.

"What?" Sky yelled rather loudly.

"That's dangerous! We should get them out! Who knows how long they were inside?" Roy sounded a little panicked.

Brandon seemed to snap out of his daze of his startle and quickly caught on to the danger of the situation.

He suddenly turned around and opened the door fully. They all ran inside but stopped when they were inside.

As the door was open now, the damp smoke was quickly leaving the room, indeed revealing 6 girls lying around in the room. They seemed to peaceful. It was quite a view, as the girls where all indeed very beautiful.

Even Helia had to admit to that, even though he had never shared any interest on to how a girl looked at first glance. To him how a girl was inside was important. But he felt his heart skip a beat as he skimmed the room and his eyes landed on a certain brunette with blonde bangs.

As Brandon had already seen the view before he snapped out of the daze again first and ran to the nearest girl. He put his hand on the blondes' neck as he checked her pulse. But he saw her breathing instead before he could find her heartbeat. He sighed relieved.

"She's just sleeping." He breathed and he closed his eyes.

The others nodded. To their surprise, Riven was the second one to take action as he quickly stepped forward and took the bluenette in his arms. She shifted a little, making him smile in relieve as she also showed signs of life. Helia slowly walked towards his brunette (did he really just think
HIS
Brunette?), and also carefully picked her up.

The others did the same as Sky took the redhead and Roy took the dark skinned brunette.

Timmy was crouching next to the pinkette as he slowly picked her up.

Riven was already outside as the lifeguard came running to them. As soon as they were all outside the lifeguard gave them a questioning look.

"What happened?" Mike asked as he skimmed the boys holding the girls all bridal style.

"We found them inside, they were asleep." Sky explained.

Mike suddenly got startled as he finally noticed whom they were. His skepticism fading. He was after all suspicions as to why 6 guys where suddenly carrying 6 unknown girls. But as he knew the boys he felt a little more are ease, trusting them in their hands.

He checked Redhead's pulse, much like Brandon had done before. As Sky was standing closest.

"They seem to be simply sleeping." Mike concluded.

The others nodded.

Suddenly Helia and Timmy turned very red from head till toe and Timmy caught their attention with a startled yell.

They all looked backwards to their youngest brothers and then grinned as they saw the boys change colour.

"She's hugging me." Timmy said in a bit of a panic. His face almost letting off steam, not being used to the close proximity of a girl and especially because he wasn't wearing anything other than his swimming trunks. Feeling every move even harder than usual.

Helia was in much the same situation, the only difference is that she nuzzled against his chest and sighed contently. He simply gazed at the girl feeling flustered and confused. This was all very new to him and he wondered how it was possible for a girl who couldn't even see him to give him so much feelings and embarrassment.

Mike simply chuckled. "They seem to be okay. They can't have been in there long because I saw them in the pool just 10 minutes ago."

"Shouldn't we bring them to a hospital?" Roy cut in, still not feeling at ease, even though the girl in his arms shifted a little. He looked down to her with a worried face.

Mike was lost in thought. "Let's just bring them to my wife first."

He turned around and held the door to the lobby open for them.

They all just followed inside.

After a quick explanation to his wife she simply nodded.

"You can't exactly take them to a hospital." She smiled awkwardly.

"Why not?" Brandon asked confused. His girl was actually staring to shiver leaning in closer to him. Dawning to him they must be a little cold to be outside of the pool.

"Well…" Vanessa started. "They have a golden card." She finished. Figuring they would catch on quickly with that, being royalty himself.

This news hit them as a wave of understanding. Not being wanted to simply taken to a hospital themselves as it would make a lot of media attention. And as it didn't seem like they were in any harm's way… but they couldn't simply leave them here.

"How about we bring them home, the family doctor can take a look at them?" Timmy suggested as he shifted the girl in his arms a little, she was sliding away from him a little.

"That's actually a great Idea Timmy." Riven stared at him surprised.

"Vanessa, could you call our van to come pick us up? We can't exactly order a cab like this." Brandon suggested.

Vanessa nodded. "I'll tell it to come around back, to avoid attention."

Mike also nodded. "I'll go get their stuff." He stepped closer to Timmy and took of the key bracelet from the girl he was holding. He soon disappeared from view.

Vanessa stepped behind the counter and took the phone is her hand. She had soon called the van and notified the boys it was on its way.

"Please come this way to the back." She gestured to follow her.

The boys complied without much effort. Feeling like this really was a strange situation.

As soon as they were in some sort of supply garage Vanessa had left them alone, saying she had to continue her work as there were other costumers. She thanked them for their care of the girls and apologized in their name for cutting the visit to the spa short.

Mike came in with 2 bags full of clothes, one with theirs and one with the girls' He said much the same as his wife.

The boys simply nodded understandably and where left to on their own in the silent room waiting anxiously for the car to arrive.

It took the van 10 minutes to get there. The driver had opened the door of the car for them and stared surprised at the view.

The Six princes were standing there in swimming trunks looking rather uncomfortable and there where carrying 6 girls also in bikini's and bathing suits. He would have taken a picture off it had they not stepped inside the van as if their life depended on it.

The driver simply shook his head as he quickly loaded the two bags inside of the van and started the road back to the castle.

The car ride was quiet. The boys where still holding the girls but they let them lean on their legs as they sat.

Riven was staring as nonchalantly as possible outside. One hand on his chin and the other below her head. His eyes however shifted constantly to the girl and back outside.

Sky was still holding his girl. He stared at her in disbelief. He couldn't grasp how the girls had gotten a golden card. He was convinced he knew all of royalty and riches, as he spend a lot of time learning names and history of each known noble family. He was after all the rightful heir, so he was supposed to know them all. Yet he had never even seen the girl before. Or the others for that matter. Silently wondering who they were, his gaze shifted to the other girls.

Brandon was staring at the blonde in his arms. He had rested her head against his chest and her legs where next to his. He chuckled a little. Thinking he felt really lucky he had picked up this one first. As she was totally his type.

His face grew serious all of a sudden and sighed embarrassed. This was not the time to be thinking that…

Timmy shifted uncomfortable as the girl in his arms was still hugging him.
Getting a little used to the feeling and a little less red in the face, he still tried to pry her arms away from his waist, careful not to wake her or be too forceful. She didn't budge however and he quickly gave up. Just sighing and staring at Sky for help. Sky simply chuckled as his eyes landed on his younger blonde brother.

Roy was beaming at his girl. As if he had just won the lottery. He seemed overjoyed about being able to hold her like this and smiled a little, not embarrassed at all about the situation, he just kept staring as he held the girl silently.

Another chuckle from sky and his eyes landed on his youngest brother. What he saw however warmed his heart.

Helia was also staring. But if was a different stare. It was concern.

He had also let go with one hand as her legs where resting on his, with his other hand he was holding up her head.

He moved one of her bangs out of her face and sighed at her. Wondering who this girl was and where she came from. A Million questions went through his head, but one question was more important at the moment. Was she all right?

He felt a little startled by his own concern for this girl he had never met. He looked up as he felt Sky's gaze on him. Sky simply smiled at him and Helia also felt himself smile softly.

They soon reached the castle and a man in a white coat came to greet them on the gate.

As soon as they had stepped out of the van he took a quick look at the girls and nodded.

"They don't seem dehydrated, just really tired." He mumbled more to himself as to the boys.

"Please bring them to the guest room your highnesses." He gestured the castle doors as he ushered them inside.

The boys complied without having to be told twice. Apparently they had been notified of the situation. Another example of how capable the staff was.

Even though it had been an adventure. They slowly recovered from the initial shock and realized they were also not wearing much. As like the beautiful girls in their arms. They felt the chill air as the sun was setting.

Once in the guest room they laid them on the beds. The doctor and a few maids ushering them outside as they carried the bag inside. "Please let us handle the rest your highnesses."

They felt a little stupid as the door shut in their faces. Feeling a bit insulted at first but quickly understood that they would only get in the way from here on out.

"So..." Timmy chuckled. Feeling a little relieved that he was finally free from the close proximity. Though he would never admit he actually was starting to like the touch of the girl.

"Let's just get dressed and come back later." Riven started walking towards his room as nonchalantly as possible. But the other brothers chuckled as they followed him. Knowing their brother was probably just as concerned as they were.

*End flashback*


"Well…"Roy rubbed the back of his head, messing up his hair a little.

Timmy cut in and told them a short version of their story. Leaving out much needed details that he figured the girls didn't need to know.

The girls had sat down on one of the beds together and listened closely.

When Timmy finished, he quickly looked at Tecna with a small blush and looked away again. Leaving the girl with a raised eyebrow on her face.

"After that, we took turns on guarding you in case something happened." Sky finished Timmy's story. "Helia here, being the last one before you awoke."

The girls nodded in union. Flora couldn't help feeling a little lucky it was her that woke at the right time.

Silence fell over them again as they were all a little lost in thought.

"Wait a minute." Stella broke the silence.

They all turned to her.

"uhm, I know this might sound stupid. But when exactly did you find us?" She sounded urged into asking it.

The other girls' eyes widened and nodded in union.

This seemed odd to the boys as they looked suspiciously at each other. This was their only question? These girls where really strange.

"At about 8 I think." Riven answered her.

Aisha looked around, trying to find a clock of some sorts. She found one. It was currently 9 am.

"We lost 13 hours." She sighed defeated.

"Yes, you slept for a really long time." Roy nodded, also getting a little skeptical as he crossed his arms.

Helia couldn't help it. His curiosity was taking over.

"So.." He started, catching their attention. "Now you know our story. What's yours?"

The girls exchanged a surprised look.



Side note:


Please don't hate me.
I know this took a while…

I hate myself actually. Because I started reading fanfics again (got a new fanbase, wheeee! Miraculous!) and I got a little annoyed at all of the unfinished ones thinking the writers where cruel to make us wait like that.

And then it hit me… I wasn't any better.
SO!

I don't know when the next one will be out. But I really tried my best to get as much in it as possible for your reading experience!
I hope you enjoyed!

See ya next time!
~K out

Disclaimer: I do not own Winx nor do I own Disney! (wouldn't that be something!)

>