

Disclaimer: I don't own Kingdom Hearts.



!



Scandal?



!


Chapter 1: It Only Takes One Crazy Idea

It was the second day of summer vacation in Twilight Town. Beautiful blue skies presented themselves as the freed kids of the town got into mischief and tomfoolery. A newly graduated Sora, Riku, and Roxas were already seated at their regular booth in the middle of the adjacent wall when Naminé walked in. she took a minute looking around at the Sandwich Joint, remembering the first time she walked in and met Cid. It had been hot that day too… Not much had changed about the place.

The counters were green back then, but Naminé complained so much that Cid had them painted blue. The checkered black and white tile withstood the test of time. The Wall of Fame and Infamy still gleamed. The large square windows were the same…

Naminé shook her head out of nostalgia and went to the counter. She smiled as she saw her usual sandwich and fries, complete with drink, placed at the counter before she could even ask.

"Thanks, Cid," Naminé said, smiling.

The gruffly man nodded and gave her his rare but sweet smiles. "Go get 'em, Tiger."

Naminé grabbed her usual and walked over to her best friend's booth. She got herself comfortable next to her boyfriend, Roxas, which consisted lacing her fingers with his and squeezing before letting go and digging in to her food.

She wanted nothing more than to wrap her arms around him and never let go, but during the school year, Roxas and her both agreed to downplay the romance when around Riku and Sora just as a courtesy. Who would want to be around their best friends if they were constantly making out?

"Alright, now that the Princess is
finally
here," Sora said, sticking his tongue out at Naminé while she glared, "we can get started."

"My
dear
cocoa spikes, what idea says you?" Naminé asked her mouth full.

"Seriously, Roxas, you're dating
that
?" laughed Riku, pointing to Naminé.

"Hey!" Naminé whined, before kicking Riku's leg under the table.

As Riku yelped, Roxas put his arm around Naminé's shoulders, laughing.

"That's my girl," Roxas said, kissing her cheek.

It was amazing that little gesture still made Naminé's stomach do back flips.

"Anyway," Sora cut in before Riku could say something else, "I'm still game for the positions dare!"

All three of them groaned. Last year, Sora proposed that they do a dare to see how many different sex positions one could get in one summer. However, Naminé overruled that idea and they agreed on different kisses in one summer.

For as long as she could remember, Naminé was a participant in her friend's summer dares. It was something they started strictly because they were bored and competitive. But now it was tradition, to come up with a bet, and get a chance at bragging rights and free stuff at each other's jobs, or money. Some dares were easy like video games or staying single, though Riku had difficulties with that one. Others were harder, like learning bitzball for Naminé while the boys had to learn jazz dancing.

The dare normally is fun, but last years, when Naminé and Roxas teamed up for the different kisses, was stressful when Naminé remembered it. Of course, it would've been easier if Roxas wasn't a jerk and just asked her out versus agreeing to be benefriends. But Naminé wasn't complaining…

She got what she wanted in the end.

"Sora, I'm not telling you what me and Nam get up to," Roxas groaned.

"Good, we don't want to hear about it," Riku said, disgusted.

"I'm kidding… I'm kidding…
Seriously
," Sora laughed. "No, I don't have any ideas really so I thought I'd open with that."

Naminé rolled her eyes, sipping her drink. It was silent before Riku spoke up.

"You know what I want? I want to get on that wall," he said, pointing.

Naminé turned and looked at the Wall of Fame and Infamy. Most pictures were of famous people that came into the Sandwich Joint, but some were of the events held in Twilight Town and the gangs known areas so you'd know where to stay clear of. Naminé turned back to Riku.

"I want to do something memorable, you know? It's our last summer before college and not all of us might be back here to do this again," Riku explained, shrugging.

Roxas silently sipped his drink while Sora looked deep in thought.

"I guess it was unrealistic that we would keep doing this every year…" Naminé sighed. She smiled, "That
would
be cool, though. To be famous. You know, more than we already are. It would be sort of like a time capsule."

"How do you even get up on the Wall?" asked Sora.

Suddenly, as if he was already listening, Cid came from around the corner. Judging their expressions and looking at the wall, he smirked.

"You got to get news coverage. And not just once, but a couple of times. Anything that'll get Twilight Town on the map and business at the Joint," he said, chuckled. "Good luck, though. The news doesn't like coming out here unless there are celebrities in hiding or a murder."

"Well…"

"We aren't murdering anybody, Sora," snapped Roxas.

"Hey, at least I'm trying to come up with ideas," Sora snapped back. "I care about this town, you know."

Naminé tilted her head. Why was Roxas being so quiet and dismissive?

"Come on, think. What would get people to come out here? Maybe a Project X style party?" laughed Riku.

"If the Dreameaters can get up on the Wall—" started Sora, referring to the gang on the north side of town.

"Sora, do you still have that Mischief book Xiggy gave you last summer?" asked Naminé.

"Yeah…" Sora said, confused.

"Guys, we don't have to do a completely different event. We just have to improve what we already have," Naminé said, excitedly. When they didn't catch on, Naminé sighed. "Let's prank people… events, even. Actually, I think it's called Hacks when it's an event."

"You know, if it's big, people will be tweeting about it…" said Roxas.

"Yeah, then you can stay in touch with what's going on here," Riku said.

Naminé raised her eyebrow. "Okay, what's going on? I just came up with an awesome idea and you guys are…" she gestured the table. "What's the elephant?"

The boys were silent but Sora spoke up. "Roxas is going away for 3 weeks to intern at an out-of-state college."

"I
might
be going away… I don't know if I got in yet," sighed Roxas.

Naminé blinked a total of three times before defrosting.

"But…I thought… We applied together to colleges…All four of us," Naminé tried to choke out. "Isn't it a little late to be changing your mind?"

"I know… but you know, my cousin Ven, he goes to the same college and said he could get me a hook up with the program," Roxas tried to explain.

Naminé took a deep breath but let the subject drop. "You don't know if you're leaving and we're not going anywhere so we should just decide if we're going with my idea."

"I'm game. We should get someone to film the Hacks and get them on YouTube or something…" Riku suggested, looking back and forth between the couple.

"I'll look in the book. Kairi will wanna help, you know. She's basically in charge of all the events this summer," Sora offered.

"That'll actually help out. The more people, the better," Naminé said.

She moved her basket and threw in a bit of her sandwich. Sora hurriedly threw in his sandwich with Roxas, who looked like he was just avoiding another argument. Only Riku hesitated.

"What, Riku?" sighed Naminé.

A sideways glance at Sora before he asked, "Promise me, we won't kill anyone. I don't trust this one." He thumbed at Sora.

Sora had a look of mock outrage but Naminé just laughed. "Promise. No one will get hurt."

"He's just afraid of getting caught and put in jail," snickered Roxas.

"You're a jackass."

"It's your ass on the table, not mine."

Riku glared before throwing in his sandwich bits.

"Cid, we're getting on that wall!" he yelled to the owner, who just snickered back at him.



A/N- I'm back! God, writer's block is unbearable... but I have this whole story plot written so it shouldn't be too hard to get out. I'm finishing up Naked? so hopefully, I'll get that out before I gotta go back to school. Let me know if you liked this... I'm still on the fence about finishing a sequel. Sequels are so demanding!



'Til next time, chaps!



~Ice


>