


Recap:


"
No, I'm fine… It's just… Well, I told Xion that I love her,"
Riku said into the phone.

Naminé was relieved. "Oh, you're in shock. But that's gr—"

"
Then she dumped me."




!



Scandal?



!


Chapter 3: Holding It Together

"
She
dumped
you
?!" asked Naminé, completely taken back.

No way… Xion was completely smitten with Riku! He had really grown up when it came to relationships because of her. He used to be a sort of playboy of the town, dating and quitting girls left and right. To be honest, Naminé was the only thing standing in his way from treating girls like objects instead of people. But with Xion, it was completely different: he would've leapt over buildings if she only wished it.

So why…?

"
Yeah, she did… Quite brutally, actually,"
Riku sighed on the other line.

Naminé stood up, Roxas doing the same. "I'm heading over. You're at home, right?"

She heard him sigh.
"I owe you big time."


"No you don't," Naminé said gently, sparing a side glance at Roxas who already had keys in hand. "I'm paying you back."


Roxas got the two of them to Riku's in no time at all, to which Naminé was grateful. It wasn't like Riku was like herself, where she went a little nuts when she was upset; however, it's never good for a friend to be alone when hit with something like this. Normally, Roxas stayed to the speed limit, completely opposite of Naminé, but tonight, he went safely stepped on the gas. As Roxas parked the car, Naminé took his hand carefully.

"I'm gonna need you to stay in the car, Rox," she requested softly.

Roxas gave her a confused face. "Why? Shouldn't I be the one talking to him?"

"Well, you've known him longer, I'll give you that. But he called me," Naminé reasoned. "Plus, do you really want to go in together? At this moment? With
this
situation? I'm sure the last thing he wants to see is a happy couple."

Roxas sighed, kissing her hand. "Fine. You get 30 minutes…" he huffed, taking out his phone. Probably to play Tetris.

"You're the best," she chuckled before getting out of the car and heading to Riku's front door.

It was close to 11 o'clock at night, yet his door was unlocked and waiting for her. Naminé walked right in, knowing the layout of his house like her own backyard. Down a hallway and to the left was the living room; and sitting with a bowl of candy corn was Riku. His face was clear of all emotion as he just stared, almost as if he was lost in a trance.

Naminé sighed, taking off her shoes and sitting next to him on the couch.

"You know you're going to get sick, eating sugar corn…" Naminé commented.

"It's better than getting drunk or smashing dishes," Riku stated, finally looking up.

She winced. "I suppose we all have coping problems. Still…" she trailed off, gently grabbing the bowl.

Riku let her take away the sinfully delicious sugar, his free hands rubbing at his face and threw his hair. He took a deep breath before giving a dry laugh.

"And I thought you were just crazy. Now I understand…" he said dryly.

Naminé nodded, sighing. "Tell me what happened."

Riku looked down into his hands and was silent. Still, Naminé waited. Riku was different than the other three when it came to being hurt. Whereas Sora, Roxas, and Naminé were explosive and outright angry, he was quiet and calm. It was scarier in Naminé's opinion. You never really knew what he was thinking when he didn't express it. Heaven forbid Naminé made him truly angry: with his cold calm eyes he could either be planning your death or thinking about lunch.

Finally he started to talk:

"Well, you know we were hanging out today. After the movies… I told her about the summer plan and she seemed to be excited. I don't know, it's sorta embarrassing to talk about but… I think I'm in
love
with her."

Naminé's eyes widened. She'd never heard him ever admit something like that…

"Well, I've been wanting to tell her for a while… especially since she'd seemed to have something on her mind for a bit. She'd been bothered with
something
but didn't want to tell me. I thought maybe she was just unsure how I felt so while she was ranting about cameras, I just blurted it out."

Riku paused then.

Naminé held her breath, waiting; until she couldn't hold it any longer.

"How did she react?" she asked, trying to be gentle, but super curious.

"Well… not good or you wouldn't be here. She stood up and told me that we couldn't be together anymore and that I
couldn't
love her. She said sorry at one point... And then, she left," Riku explained, sighing. "If this is a new PMS symptom, please tell me. I don't think I've ever seen someone so anxious to leave. I think if I held her back, she'd chew off her own arm to leave."

Naminé shook her head, confused as well. "No… this is new to me, too."

The two sat, reflecting.

"Maybe she's in shock? I mean, maybe this all went too fast for her?" offered Naminé.

"Too fast? She was the one pulling the strings. If anything, it went too fast for me," Riku snorted.

"And she's been bothered with something for a while? Maybe it's something unrelated to you… like family. You know her brother's in town still so maybe it was too much change or something…" Naminé suggested.

Riku sighed. "Maybe."

She sighed before reaching over and hugging Riku around the middle, like she used to when she was younger. She hugged him tightly, trying to hold together the broken pieces of his heart, as if she could bandage it together. However, she knew… she felt it was shattered; and there was nothing she could do about it. Only time or a raven-haired, short, blue-eyed girl could fix it.

"Thanks…for listening. I'll be okay," he said, his arms wrapping around her shoulder blades and then letting go. He gave her a small smile before ruffling her hair and Naminé saw the shadow of her old friend back. At least she hadn't lost him for good.

"Speaking of newly single life, what are you gonna do about Roxas? You gonna break more dishes or shoot some more guns?" Riku asked playfully.

Naminé grinned sadly. He was trying so hard… "I'll be fine. It's not like he's running off to some other girl or anything. Besides, he might not even go."

"Oh please, we all know Roxas got in. It's just a matter of the official notice. Plus, you've only been separated from him for a week max time since you've known the guy. And you went crazy."

"I've been away from him for longer than a week before…"

"To be honest, the four of us are always together… the longest I went without seeing you or the others were 4 days. So how would you cope with 3 weeks? Especially with Vanitas in the wings?" Riku pointed out.

Naminé rolled her eyes. "Everyone keeps acting like Vanitas is going to be a problem. But it's fine. I love Roxas and will wait for him to make up his own mind without any interference from me…" she paused. "But do
you
think it's possible that…"

"He'll get sweep up by some new sexy college woman, who will show him all that life has to offer instead of the small town and island he's own his whole life? And leave you, the sweet girl from next door, to mend your broken heart as he travels the world?" finished Riku. "No, not a chance. But what do I know?"

Naminé punched him in the arm before laughing with him.


Kick, push. Kick, push, breathe. Kick, push, coast… Naminé rode her light blue and yellow longboard down the street, losing herself to the rock music on her Skullcandy headphones. The wind blew threw her blond hair as she rode to Seventh Heaven. Her friends were already at Sora's house for planning the prank but as soon as Kairi found out that Riku and Xion were no more, Naminé volunteered to get everyone food for the meeting. Roxas offered to help her, but Riku wouldn't let Roxas leave him to the mercy of Kairi and Sora.

Naminé was secretly was glad. For one, she held off on picking sides. With Kairi getting involved, she was sure her loyalty between the boys or the girls would come into question. And she wasn't looking forward to
that
talk…

For another, she really was hungry.

But mostly, when was the last time she rode her board? When was she alone to do something by herself? It
had
been a while. Sure, it sucked that she didn't have a car and it was nice to have friends to help her out, but it was also nice to be independent every once in a while.

She already had everyone's special sandwiches in her bag. All that was left was to pick up Tifa's new awesome pizza. Unfortunately, she was on the north side of town… near the Slums. It wasn't like it was a bad area, but it wasn't for someone who was an airhead. You needed to just be aware that it wasn't the hottest part of town. Especially since the Dreameaters hung out there mostly.

But Naminé was confident she would be fine. Besides it would give her time to ride and clear her head.

So she kicked some more, nodding her head to the beat in her ears, and enjoying the sun on her exposed skin. In no time it seemed, she was at Tifa's bar and eatery she opened last year. Naminé kicked off her board and walked in, taking off her headphones.

"Hey, Tifa," she greeted.

"Hey," Tifa greeted back breathlessly. She looked flustered. "Sorry, got no time to talk. It's packed today and one of the cooks called out today!"

"You gonna be okay?" Naminé asked concerned, looking at the new restaurant owner.

"Yeah, yeah…" she said, waving it off. "I called someone. They should be here any minute. Anyway, here's the pizza you ordered. I'll catch up with you later, okay?"

Naminé nodded, taking the boxed large pizza in her left, her board in her right. "Thanks, girly. Hang in there."

"You be careful going back!" Tifa called, turning to her next customer.

Naminé smiled, shaking her head in disbelief before turning to get back. However, just as soon as she got out the door, she bumped into someone. The stranger grabbed her arms to stop her from falling, pulling her close to them.

They smelt of cigarettes, dirt, and surprisingly oranges.

"Sorry…" Naminé said automatically, looking up. "Oh, hey Vanitas."

"If I didn't know better, I'd say you did that on purpose," he said smoothly.

Naminé chuckled. "You don't know better."

He still hadn't let go of her.

"Uh… Thanks…" she said, backing up. He released her; if there was a tense air around them, he ignored it. "What are you doing out here?"

"Meeting some friends. What about you? This isn't your scene," Vanitas questioned, raising a black eyebrow.

"Tifa's pizza. It's the best in town," Naminé explained, gesturing her box of deliciousness. "It's a little far but I'll travel for this pizza."

"Where's your bodyguard?" asked Vanitas, giving a sly grin. "I'm surprised he let you go to such a
dangerous
area."

Naminé blushed, but not from being flattered. "
Let me go?
Dude, I'm a person, not a dog. I go where I want," she defended.

"Sure, sure…" he chuckled.

"Vanitas, I'm a tough girl. I can handle myself," Naminé challenged, narrowing her eyes.

He stopped laughing long enough to give her a crooked smirk. "Oh, I don't doubt that." And he looked dead serious.

She was just about to say something when a buff guy came up. All he did was nod to Vanitas, signaling over to an alley and walked away, but it was enough for Naminé to have her guard up. Vanitas lazily waved him off before turning back to Naminé.

"I'll see you around," he said, dismissively, but Naminé wasn't going to let it go that easily.

"Your 'friends' wouldn't be the Dreameaters, would they?" she asked, suspiciously.

Vanitas, who had already started walking toward the alley, looked over his shoulder at her. "Little bird, go home. Your bodyguard would hate it if something was to happen to you," he said. Then he smiled wickedly. "Our time isn't now."

Naminé was still thinking about Vanitas' words when she got to Sora's house, but bushed it off. If he was dangerous, he would've done something all those times they practiced during the school year. But she needed to remember to tell Xion he was hanging with the wrong crowd again…

"Offer your praises to me, for I bring gifts!" Naminé shouted as she entered Sora's house.

In the living room, Kairi, Sora, Riku, and Roxas sat crowded around a large map of Twilight Town; all wearing concentrating faces. Naminé snickered as she threw down the pizza right in the middle of the map.

"Hey!" shouted Kairi as Sora beamed. "Pizza!"

"Not just any pizza… Tifa's pizza. All the way from Seventh Heaven," Naminé said, winking. "And I got your sandwiches."

"Seventh Heaven? Way out there?" Roxas asked as Naminé handed him his double meat lover's on honey wheat. "You didn't have to do that."

"Only the best for my friends, dear," Naminé said, "Sora, they ran out of rye so I hope you like Italian bread."

"Its fine," he said, his mouth already full from cheesy pizza.

"So, what are you guys doing? Got the main concept down?" asked Naminé, sitting in Roxas' lap.

"No… We can't even get that. How do we get people to see the prank?" sighed Riku, tearing into his roast beef with extra olives.

"Oh, Naminé, the town is hosting a country festival," Kairi started. "With a demolition derby."

"Can you get me on that?" asked Naminé, excited. "That's my favorite event!"

Everyone knew that Naminé wasn't allowed to drive in Twilight Town. When she was learning to drive, Sora taught her… but with Need for Speed in mind. In the end, she ended up crashing her father's car into one of the train tunnels when she was 14. The town police told her it wouldn't go on her record if she wouldn't drive in town until she was 18 and paid the fat fine. On top of that, her parents wouldn't let her get a car until she was in college.

So while she now had her license, she was stuck in Twilight Town. Thankfully this summer was the end of that.

"I already did. But I was thinking that we could do something with that. I'm planning and hosting it so you already have an in with me. Plus, the press will already be there," Kairi explained.

They all sat, chewing and thinking and staring at the map.

Suddenly, Naminé got an idea.

"Remember that project you did with the seven wonders of Twilight Town?" asked Naminé to Roxas.

"Not really… I paid Olette to do most of it," shrugged Roxas.

"Not the point. Look," Naminé said, pointing to the map. She took out a pen and marked places on the map with X's. "These are the places of urban legends for the town. Only we have Spooky Steps and Ghost Trains. Why not just work with what we got and make the legends come to life?"

There was silence. Then:

"Nami, that's brilliant!" Riku said, excited. The others agreed.

"Seriously, we could do so much with that!" said Kairi. "The fair has a contest. You have to write the number of steps and the correct answer gets free ice cream. Everyone knows its 13 steps though."

"Or does it?" asked Sora mischievously, taking out his Book of Mischief.

Naminé laughed as the plans commenced; everyone latching on the idea and running with it. An hour in and they were just getting to the mechanics when Roxas got up to take a phone call. Naminé didn't really pay too much attention, drawing up plans with Kairi on when and how they were going to sneak to the steps to change up the number of stairs.

"Who even came up with this bogus rumor anyway?" asked Riku.

"Rai," answered Kairi.

Everyone rolled their eyes.

"Seriously?" whined Sora

"What an idiot," stated Naminé.

"He probably doesn't even know how many fingers he has…" sighed Riku. "Who's going to lead this operation, anyway?"

No one volunteered at once but Kairi cleared her throat. "Maybe it should be me? I
am
hosting the event."

There was an uproar.

"No way! Kairi, that's called a distraction. You're the distraction!" Sora explained. "It should be me."

"Oh, really? How so?"

"I own the Book," Sora said simply.

"You don't have any leadership skills! I should do it. I can at least direct people," Riku said defiantly.

"Um, it was
my
idea! I should do it!" boomed Naminé. "You'd lead people over a cliff, Riku."

"Say that to my face!" Riku shouted, standing up. Naminé stood up too, but it was comical since she was so much shorter than him.

"I'll kick you in the balls if you don't back down," she taunted dangerously.

"Oooh…" Kairi and Sora sounded, encouraging.

Riku just laughed. "I taught you well, grasshopper, but you still can't defeat me," he said before quickly grabbing her in a headlock.

"Ehy!" Naminé squealed before they both fell to the floor, wrestling furiously. Kairi stood laughing while Sora climbed to the couch and did a Body Splash as he jumped from higher ground and landing on the pair.

"SORA!" they exclaimed from under his body.

Roxas choose that time to come back into the room.

"Um…" he said, raising his eyebrow at his friends, sprawled across the living room floor. He shook his head, not even wanting to ask. "I got in."

"What?" asked Sora, confused.

But Naminé's heart sank as she heard his words. She lay there, looking up at the ceiling and taking in the moment.

"The program… at Ven's university. I got in. They just called me," Roxas said, sounding like he didn't believe it. "I leave in 5 days…"

"At least you'll be here for the fair…" Kairi said slowly, looking at Naminé, who got up from her position on the floor.

Roxas looked like he wanted to say something to her, but she just shook her head and walked past him. She walked into the kitchen and turned on the sink. Just listening to the running water made her feel a bit better, but she was still a mess on the inside. She could hear her own heart beat like a drum in her ears.

She was trying so hard to not get mad and realize what she was really feeling…

Sadness.

It wasn't like she hadn't expected this… she had plenty of warning. Roxas was smart and awesome, of course he got in. She knew this would happen.

Naminé ran a hand threw her hair. She was being selfish… half wishing that he didn't get in and would stay here with her. Relationships don't work like that. You have to want what was best for the other… even if it meant spreading their wings and flying away.

Naminé turned off the water and walked back in the room. She knew they were talking about her since Sora stopped in the middle of a word as she walked back in. But Naminé just sighed and tried to put on her best face for this seemingly happy news.

"Roxas should lead," she suggested. They nodded in agreement, toasting with leftover pizza.



A/N- I know… I gotta update Naked? Le sigh…



It's just, every story, I try to have a main conflict with Naminé and another friend and Naked? explores Sora and her… I don't like writing that! Sora is too awesome to write with conflict… but I'll push threw, eventually.



Let me know how you liked this. Too much? Too long? Not enough? I appreciate any comments that help me better my writing.



Thanks!



-Ice



P.S. Namine's story about her driving was based on a friend from work... He got grounded from his car for a year coz he ran into a tree... -_- When he told me, it occurred to me that Nam didn't have a car! So instead of giving her one, I just explained why didn't get one. Don't worry, it'll be important later. :D Yay, inspiration!


>