


"Pending Gifts"
are those stories which I wrote for FF Friends on their Birthday as their Birthday gifts but couldn't post it due to some reasons, so I'm posting them now after one year gap.

So if it contains any mistakes sincere apologies to all.



Pending Gifts - I


{Set during Raaz Bad Uncle ka. }


CID Bureau


Forensic Lab

There was dead silence existing all over the lab, except some bubbling sounds from Salunkhe's flask which was disturbing the silent atmosphere of the lab, the activities of lab were also minimal, when suddenly the lab door was swiftly pushed by two small hands. The hands quickly pushed the lab door and made his way thru the huge doors without making much noise. The small statured entered inside, carefully not disturbing any of the objects or creating any fuss, he carefully made his way thru the huge tables and desk which were occupied by numerous chemical bottles and flask. He stared at the whole surrounding with confused yet amazed look before drifting back to his original purpose of entering the place.

He surveyed the area neatly before landing his eye-sight on the huge computer desk, he quickly moved towards that desk, carefully moving aside the chair, he settled himself in the space created by that chair. The small space was perfect for him and he adjusted in it comfortably, but after spending few mins in that space, boredom overtook him. So as a matter to pass the time, he pulled out one of the chocolate bar which was kept in the inner pockets on his jacket and started relishing it. He was busy savoring the chocolate when he noticed someone approaching towards the desk, a small defeated sound escaped from his mouth as he thought that he is about to caught.

"offoo.."

Though the sound was pretty low but it was enough to hear by someone. The person who was standing near the desk heard this and decided to take a look beneath the desk. He thought he was about to get caught and hence he quickly covered his face with his small hands in attempt to hide from that person. The person who saw him hiding under the desk, smiled at his child tactics.

She smiled looking at him and his attempts to hide him, she softly called his name.

"Daksh.."

Daksh who heard his name called out in soft manner, separated his two fingers and started seeing thu the slits, he noticed a lady looking at him, smiling and calling his name.

"Daksh" (she called once again) "bahar aao.." (she called him by waving her hand) aao..(she even extended her hands so that it could be easy for him to come out)

Daksh removed his hand from his face and grabbed her hand as he came out from his hiding.

"yaha kya kar rhea ho?" she asked him while pointing beneath the desk.

Daksh quickly looked around him as if confirming that there Is nobody around except them. After he was sure he cupped his mouth from both his hands &amp; whispered to her.

Daksh (whispering tone) Tarika Aunty..main yaha chup raha huin..(he confessed in the childish tone) shhh..kisiko batana mat..

Seeing Daksh whispering, even Tarika lowered her voice.

Tarika( whispering) chup rahe ho..kisse se?

Daksh: woh fedru uncle se..

Tarika: matlab freddy uncle (she tried corrected him but)

Daksh: nhi..fedru uncle..

Tarika: okay..

Daksh: main chup raha huin, aur woh mujhe dhundenge..( and once again he started eating his chocolate)

Tarika: okay..waise Daksh (pointing towards his cheeks and nose) aap aapne cheek ko bhi aapna chocolate kheelate ho?(&amp; she removed some chocolate traces from his cheeks. )

Daksh:offo..(he slapped his hand on his forehead) idhal bhi lag gaya..(and he let out a small chuckle. Seeing him laugh made Tarika also smile widely, she cleared the chocolate on his face which accidentally got over when he covered his face with his palms)

Daksh: thank u aunty..

(Tarika tweaked his nose and made him seat on her lap)

Tarika: you are most welcome..waise khana khaya aapne?

Daksh: tch..(he replied while eating the last bite of chocolate)

Tarika:toh bhuk lagi hain?

Daksh:haan..(he replied while licking his fingers)

Tarika: tho mere ghar chaloge..main waha aapke pasand ka khane banaongi..

Daksh: (thinking)hmmm..aap mujhe noodles denge? (Tarika nodded in yes) tho phir theek hain, main aaonga apke ghar..par use pehle Good uncle ko bolna hoga..

Tarika looked at him confusingly when he mentioned Good uncle.

Tarika: good uncle?

Daksh: haan ,good uncle..( daksh smiled broadly)

Tarika: kaun good uncle?

Daksh (slapped his forehead) uffo..aapko good uncle nhi pata..(Tarika nodded her head in NO)

Daksh: are woh..woh itne bade hain na( he extended his hand to show how big was good uncle)

Tarika : kaun daya?

Daksh:nhi..woh hain na woh aise jacket pehnte hain shirt par..

Tarika: Acp sir?

Daksh:tch..woh na bichbich main "aain" bolte hain..

Tarika: Aaiin? ( Tarika thought for a while till she realized whom daksh actually meant) tumahre matlab Abhijeet?

Daksh: tch..mujhe unnka naam nhi pata..par woh aaiin bolte hain aur woh good uncle hain..

Tarika: okay..tho hum ek kaam karte hain, hum bureau chelate hain aur waha par apke good uncle se permission lete hain..theek hain?

Daksh nodded in agreement. Tarika got up and called Bureau to check if Abhijeet was there or not, but she came to know that Abhijeet was out for investigation, so she informed Vivek that she is taking Daksh to her home, so that he could have lunch there. Vivek agreed. Tarika quickly disconnected the call and took permission from salunkhe and headed towards her home with daksh.

After few hours of journey they reached Tarika's home. Tarika switched on the TV so that Daksh could enjoy it while she headed towards kitchen to prepare him noodles. Around 20 mins latter Tarika entered the hall and found Daksh engrossed in watching his favorite cartoons. Tarika called him.

Tarika: Daksh, chalo aajao yaha..tumahre noodles ready hain..tumhe bhuk lagi hain na?

Daksh failed to hear Tarika's call as he was busy in his cartoons. As Tarika got no response she turned her head towards his direction to check on him and found Daksh staring widely with his mouth dangling at the screen where Tom was carefully planting a huge dynamite under spike and jerry was watching him from some distant away. As the dynamite was about to explode like Tom, even Daksh kept his hands on his ears and closed his eyes. Tarika who was watching his child antics couldn't help from smiling; she really loved the site which she was witnessing now. She knew that Daksh is not going to hear her as he was busy with the TV, so she took the noodle bowl and sat next to Daksh, she started feeding him. Daksh was so much engrossed in it started eating it without even turning to Tarika or bothering what he was eating. After few mins he was done with eating. When the doorbell rang Tarika quickly headed towards to open it, it was Abhijeet who had come to have a look at Daksh, when he entered he found Daksh totally involve in the show so he didn't bothered him and headed towards kitchen where Tarika was working, seeing Abhijeet Tarika smiled.

Tarika: Chai pioge?

Abhijeet: haan sure..

Tarika: theek hain..(and Tarika started making coffee for them. When Abhijeet glanced at Daksh, he was still enjoying his show)

Abhijeet: Daksh, kaafi enjoy kar raha hain..

Tarika looked at Daksh and agreed with Abhijeet.

Tarika: haan..jab se aaya tab se kehl raha hain..usske saath milke mujhe bhi bohaut maza aaya.

Abhijeet: haan..jab se Bureau main aaya hain tab se sab ka mann lagake rakha hain..Freddy aur Vivek tho uske kaafi ache dost ban gaye hain.

Tarika: yeh tho achi bat hain..(she answered while adding sugar in the vessel)

Abhijeet : Sach main bachon ke satah hum bhi bache ban jate hain. Innke hasate huwe chehre huamre zindagi ke sare gum, dukh, gussa bhula deti hain..sach main sahi kehte hain ki Bache bhagawan ka rup hote hain..

Tarika: haan yeh tho sach hain par uske saath yeh bhi baat utna hi sach hain ki kabhi kabhi inn massom jaise bachon main shaitan ka bhut bhi sawar ho jata hain..

Abhijeet let out a small laugh.

Abhijeet: yeh baat bhi utni hi sach hain..

Tarika handed him cup of tea, which Abhijeet accepted. When they both were enjoying their tea, daksh entered in the kitchen and he wrapped his hands around Abhijeet legs and exclaimed enthusiastically.

Daksh: GOOD UNCLE!

Abhijeet turned and found daksh hugging his leg tightly so he bent and picked him up, he pulled his cheeks.

Abhijeet: kaise ho champ?

Daksh: main theek huin..

Abhijeet: kya kiya aapne?

Daksh who was in Abhijeet arms was busy fidgeting with Abhijeet's coat collar as he answered his questions.

Daksh: mainena noodles khayeee..aur Tom and jerry dekha..aur aapko pata hain Jerry ne na..(he covered his mouth with his one hand as he tried suppressing his laughter) ussne na..tom ke ser pain maaran..aur na..(he giggled in between) aur tom ke sher pain aisa toiiiiiinnnn (he raised his hand above his head) karke aaya..hehe

(he laughed whole heartedly. Watching Daksh laugh so innocenetly made Abhijeet and Tarika to smile widely, even they joined him in his laugh riot. It was so pleasing scene for all of them after so many days both Abhijeet and Tarika felt relaxed while enjoying with daksh. When suddenly daksh turned to Abhijeet )

Daksh: uncle, chalo na hum kuch kehlete hain..

Abhijeet: kya khele?

Daksh tapped his fingers on his chin as he was thinking.

Daksh: hmm..chalo humlog hide and sheek khelte hain..

Abhijeet: theek chalo khelte hain..

Daksh: (turning to Tarika) Aunty, aap bhi kehel humare saath..

Tarika: okay..

Daksh: theke hain..toh aap dono chupo main aapko dundunga..okay..

Abhijeet and Tarika nodded. Daksh got down fron Abhijeet's arm and headed towards one of the wall

Daksh: main ten count karunga, aur aap ready bolna phir main aaonga..( he informed them and closed his eyes and leaned on the wall and started counting.)

Daksh: 1..2..3..4..

Abhijeet and Tarika were panicked and quickly started looking for a hideout. With Daksh now even Abhijeet and Tarika were tuned to child mode, even there enthusiasm was at its peak. Abhijeet quickly grabbed Tarika's hand and they headed towards Tarika's room to hide. They hid themselves behind the curtains so that Daksh could easily find them. Meanwhile here daksh was done with his counting.

Daksh: annndd..TEN..ready?

Tarika and Abhijeet who were in Tarikas room answered: ready…

And they hid themselves behind the curtains.

Daksh started looking for them, he first checked the kitchen, he looked below the dining room but he couldn't find them so he headed towards the hall to search them, he looked behind the couch but they were not there, he pouted and was about to move towards Tarika room, when his eyes fell on the TV set which he had abandoned few minutes ago. His favorite program, Tom &amp; Jerry show was once again back!

Tom was once again running behind jerry hitting him with the big spatula but jerry hid behind Spike, and Tom mistakenly hit Spike instead of jerry, giving him a big swelling rite on his head, which angered Spike and Spike started running behind Tom to bit him while jerry enjoying this in behind, This made Daksh once again so engrossed in the show that he completely forgot about the game and the fact that he was searching for his good uncle and aunt. He tuned himself on the couch and started enjoying the show. Meanwhile here, Abhijeet and Tarika were still hiding here completely unaware of the fact that the diner, Daksh has no longer searching for them.

Tarika turned towards Abhijeet who was standing just few inches away from her and asked him, her voice was barely above a whisper.

Tarika: yeh Daksh kaha reh gaya?

Abhijeet: pata nhi..(he answered while keeping his tone to the lowest.) pata nhi kaha reh gaya yeh? Bahar jake dekha kya?

Tarika: par humlog aisa bhar gaye toh use bura laga toh..wo hume dhund raha hain na..

Abhijeet: haan yeh tho hain..tum ruko main dekhta huin usse..

Tarika: chup ke se dekhna..

Abhijeet: haan..( Abhijeet started peeping out cautiously but he didn't caught Daksh's sight, so he stepped forward but accidentally he kept his foot on the curtain edge. His foot slipped, to avoid falling he quickened his hand to grab something but failed,instead of something he caught Tarika's hand and they both crashed on the floor, Abhijeet was at the bottom with Tarika on its top and they were covered with the white satin curtain.

It all happened at just a blink of en eye, before they both could understand the situation, it all happened. Abhijeet was still on the floor with Tarika above him, her curls were occupying his face blocking his vision so he moved his hand forward to clear those curls as he cleared, he saw her, her eyes were closed and she was clutching his coat very tightly. Abhijeet was amazed by her beauty, it was the first time that he was watching her from this small distance, he moved his hand towards her face and tucked the strands of curls behind her ear, Tarika shivered at his touch and didn't open her eyes as she felt his close presence. seeing this Abhijeet called her name softly.

"tarika.."

but still Tarika didn't open her eyes, in fact the soft voice was making her more nervous, she clutched his shirt even tightly than before, her heart started beating than her usual rate, no doubt Abhijeet was facing the same situation. Abhijeet raised her head and kissed her forehead, this made Tarika open her eyes in shock, she found that Abhijeet was much more closer to her, she stare at those eyes which were looking at her as sweetly as they could depicting his love for her and this was making her more nervous by each passing moment, she lowered her gaze.

Abhijeet looked at her, he was complete awestruck at her beauty would be the understatement, he was having the urge to praise her but he felt loss of words, unknowingly only some words manage to utter from his mouth which was just above a whisper but Tarika heard it.

"Will you marry me Tarika?"

That situation was not at all a good place to propose but somehow Abhijeet felt that place rite. After all place never matter emotion does..

Before Tarika could answer, the curtain was raised and they found Daksh staring at them in bewilderment. he cried happily..

"milgaye..Aunty ..good uncle main aapko pakda.."

Seeing Daksh they both got up quickly, they were still blushing furiously, when suddenly Abhijeet's cell buzzed it was a call from Bureau stating that daksh's parents has arrived and bureau and was asking for daksh, Abhijeet told them that he would arrive at bureau with Daksh in few minutes, and he cut the call.

He was about to leave when Daksh tugged Tarika's skirt and asked her to bent down, when she did as she said, he quickly planted a sweet kiss on her cheeks and thanked her before running from her house, Tarika who was shocked but still managed to smile at his sweet behavior. Abhijeet also quickly left from there by saying her goodbye. Tarika closed the door behind them and smiled at the sweet memory which took place in her life unknowingly.

"Yes , I will Abhijeet" she blushed as she confessed to his confession minutes ago.



AN


Okay so this OS was for that
Jhali
who is one of my close and best friends on this site. She and I can talk endlessly without even a topic till morning, she scold me too often and treats me as a small kid since she is elder than me just be few days :(

Tho yeh story uss jahli ko ho..Hope tujhe yeh sab pasand aaya hoga..ek saal pehli likhi thi ab post kar ahi huin, hope mujhe dande na pade tujhse :P

>