


Chapter 11



AN: Read at your own risk!



...


Another stakeout mission was over. He couldn't believe it was finally over. The last day of his mission Senior Inspector Abhijeet quickly packed his things up and submitted all the paper work to his colleagues and reported to his senior before returning to his lovely wife back in Mumbai. He was really excited to see her. Unfortunately, just two weeks after there much awaited marriage he was assigned to a mission which required him to move to Delhi for couple of months and gain information about some illegal gun business. Acp Sir personally suggested his name for the mission and due to his "Duty comes first" motto he took the mission determinedly. But since he was on mission he was not allowed to be in contact with his wife which increased his desire to see his wife as eager as possible not to mention the delayed honeymoon also added another level of excitement to meet his wife.

After completing all his work as quick as possible he took the early fight to Mumbai and made a beeline to his home before dropping at a florist shop to grab fresh lilies to his wife. He quickly got out of the cab and made his way towards the door, he rang the bell twice but he was greeted with silence.

He took a look at his watch it showed
"9:10"


"She must be working.." Abhijeet thought and opened the door with his set of keys. All his excitement faded as he unlocked the door and took his bags inside. The surrounding was too silent and dark, without giving much of a thought he crashed on the couch making him comfortable. He rest his head backward on the edge and made his legs rest on the center table as he decided to take a quick nap before heading to the shower. He closed his eyes and was relaxing when it happened.



*CLICK*



He heard the sound and felt something on his wrist.

Abhijeet knew the feel of cold metal being fastened around his wrists; he had been arrested falsely few of times than he could count. But what he wasn't used to was the feel of the cold metal fastening around his wrist when he entered his own home. He heard the distinctive click and felt the cold steel. The hairs on the back of his neck stood up in realization and anger, but mainly in fear,

"Where was Tarika? Did something happen to her?"

His eyes as wide as saucers he threw his body around to catch a glimpse of the culprit holding him against his will. He turned around and quickly calmed when he realized it was her.

"Hey , er, Tarika what are you doing?" He asked, he could see the mischievous glint sparkle in her eyes.

"You re under arrest." She answered determinedly looking straight in his eyes.

"Oh?" he smirked. Abhijeet understood and decided to play along.

"And what might I have done, officer?" He said being slightly more confident than usual.

"Wife neglect." Tarika said innocently looking at him, biting her lip from nerves knowing how much it turned Abhijeet on.

"Oh is that right?" He said shaking his cuffed hands free from your grasp. He got up from the couch and stood in front of her and lifted his arms in the air placing them round her now trapping her, he bent a little and placed his cuffed arms under her back and lifted Tarika, capturing her lips with his own, using his arms as a cradle to hold her up.

Tarika's legs snaked around his waist and Abhijeet smiled and leaned forward to kiss her again.

"Wait." Tarika cried "Put me down a second." Tarika said.

Abhijeet grunted of disapproval.

"It will be worth it, I promise." Tarika replied.

Abhijeet slowly placed Tarika on the ground.

Tarika pushed Abhijeet on the couch as she walked in front of him, she pushed the remote button of vcr who started playing "Crazy in love song" from 50 Shades of Grey .

Tarika stared at Abhijeet intently without breaking the eye contact.

She began slowly undo the buttons to the beat of the songs, revealing her naughty police woman outfit all finished off with the stockings and Abhijeet's other gun at her hip.

"Mr. Srivastav, you have been found guilty of neglecting your only wife, when all she does is love you." Tarika said in a seductive way, she bend forward on the centre table eyeing Abhijeet.

"How do you plead?" Tarika said tiptoeing to whisper it near his ear.

"Guilty ." He whispers back licking the top hood of Tarika's ear.

Tarika got up and grabbed the link of the handcuffs and leading him to the bedroom. Tarika dragged him to the head of the bed and threw him down onto it, immediately straddling him and attaching Abhijeet's lips to the spot in between his neck and collarbone making him hum deeply. She began her descent towards his chest removing his shirt as she trails soft kisses on the way, he tried to sit up but a firm push from Tarika's free hand put his torso made contact with the mattress once again. Tarika looked up at him and slowly licked her lips, never breaking eye contact with Abhijeet as she unbuckled his jeans. His head tilted back even more, sweat beginning to bead on his forehead making his normally slicked back hair begin to fall in his face. His still cuffed hands made their way into her hair, pulling tightly as Tarika began to tease him with her hands.

"Tarika.." He says breathily.

"I can't do much with these cuffs on, take them off." Tarika place finger on his lips quieting him.

"This is a punishment remember you don't get to touch….." Tarika say leaning in front of him giving him a full view.

"This isn't fair Tarika, come on let me go." Tarika pretend to not hear him as she take full control on Abhijeet.

Abhijeet tries to feel himself but all effort goes in vain. Abhijeet glance at Tarika who somehow seems to look happy teasing him. She sits on his lap, running her hands from his hair tracing kisses from the bridge of his nose and finally kissing him passionately and letting her lose in his mouth.

After kissing for a while Tarika pulls away to breathe.

"As much as I admit that's hot but I'm getting a little impatient here.." Abhijeet showed her his cuffed hands.

"Always eager, Mr. Srivastav.." Tarika replies.

"Please.." Abhijeet gasps.

Tarika nods "No"

"The night just began..It's going to be long night.." Tarika replies as she position herself.

"Welcome back.. .." Tarika replies before placing a kiss on his lips as she take this to another level.

The moans and gasps get breathier and louder and more desperate as the night progress and continues till the early morning.

…

An: This one is exclusively for

KK

^_*

Hope you like it..

>