

Kid PoV

Somehow, we ended up in a building packed with teenagers wielding strange weapons. At the back of the room was a table in which a man sat behind talking to each of the lined-up kids. What was weird was that all of the weapons stayed in that form.

"This is the registration hall," our guide explained briefly. "It's where the students from everywhere else in Remnant register."

"Register? For what?" Maka inquired from behind me, at the same time Liz mumbled "Students?"

Ruby had a puzzled look on her face. "Yeah, for Beacon. That
is
why you're here, right?"

Black Star, Maka, me, and Soul (since he was the only weapon that could look around) simultaneously exchanged glances.

"Oh, yeah! Right! That's why we're here!" Black Star announced. "Maka here was just having a little memory problem," he laughed.

"MAKA CHOP!" Maka yelled, slamming a book spine-first into Black Star's head, leaving a small spurt of blood where she hit him.

"Where'd you get that book from?!" Black Star fumed, rubbing his head after being instantly rejuvenated.

I noticed that Ruby was gone now, chatting with a silver haired man in a green scarf.

"So do any of you actually know where Beacon is?" I questioned.

"No, I figured you know. Like it's a branch of DWMA or something," Soul muttered. I sighed. If it was, I definitely hadn't heard of it. He added, "Do you guys notice how the weapons here aren't transforming back into humans?"

"Maybe that's just the way they register or whatever here," Liz suggested. "It's weird, but it's a possibility. I think we should stay like this for a while until we figure out what's going on. It would be awkward to be the only ones transformed."

"You know what's really weird?" Maka asked with her eyes closed. Upon no response from us, she continued. "None of these weapons have souls."

Silence.

"Professor Ozpin wants to talk to you," a voice said, and then I realized that the red cloaked girl had returned.


Who's Professor Ozpin?
I wondered. Then,
Probably the man she was just talking to.


She gestured for us to follow her, so we did, and my prediction as to who exactly this Ozpin guy was turned out to be correct.

"Hello, I'm Profesor Ozpin, the Headmaster here. Could you please tell me who you are?" the man said, tilting his head ever so slightly.

"My name's Maka Albarn, first-rank meister, and this is my weapon, Soul Eater!" Maka chirped.

Ozpin redirected his attention to Black Star. "I am Black Star!" he proclaimed. "And this here's Tsubaki Nakatsukasa!"

Then it was my turn. "I'm Death the Kid, this is Liz Thompson, and this is Patty Thompson." I made it clear who was who when introducing my guns.

"Interesting. Just as I thought." The Headmaster was speaking again. "You see, Ruby here already told me your names, but I wanted to hear it from you. You see, I'm very good at catching people who are lying, and I can clearly tell that you three are not." Where was he going with this? "But when she told me your names, I checked the registry. Your names didn't sound familiar, and I'd read over the list of incoming students too many times to count. So as I said, I checked the list again, just to be sure, and I didn't see them listed anywhere. But she told me that your combat skills were quite something. She said that some transcripts must've gotten lost or something, because you fought better than some of the students currently in attendance at this school."

A blonde girl walked over to Ruby, and they said a few words, Ruby pointed at us and said something, then the other girl shrugged and walked away. Ruby looked back at us, then over at the girl before running off to catch up with her.

Apparently, this momentarily distracted our interlocutor as well. Once the two girls had left, he kept talking. "So if this really is the case, I'll give you one chance to prove yourselves. Otherwise, you'll have to go back to wherever you came from."

"What exactly do you mean by that, sir?" Maka asked.

Ozpin smirked. "I mean that If you really are better than some of the students here, I want to see you in action. I'll have one of the professors here find a challenging Grimm for you to fight. In the mean time, I'll give you a spare dorm. And would any of these happen to be yours?" He pointed to another table on the other side of his labeled 'Lost and Found'. It was covered in weapons and small accessories and other clothing items. "Anyway, I need to registering the new hunters and I guess are called meisters in wherever you're from." He walked back to his table and sat down, leaving us alone.

"Kid, can we go somewhere private please?" Liz whined. "I'm starting to hurt from being in weapon form too long, and I don't want to be embarrassed since no one else is transforming."

"Fine," I huffed. I looked around, finding a hallway on the side of the room that looked pretty empty. "Let's go in there."

Once we were in the hall, Liz decided to stay out, but Patty wanted to stay a gun for some reason. She says it felt more comfortable as a weapon here.

Well I certainly couldn't use one of them and be asymmetrical. So Liz carried her for the rest of the time here.

After a few minutes if walking around, Ruby and the blonde girl from earlier found us, this time, to take us to our promised dormitory.

"You're going to be a few rooms down from ours," the blonde girl (who told us her name was Yang) said.

The two of them walked us to the dormitory building, and pointed us to the empty room where we'd apparently be staying until we got everything sorted out.

I walked into the room, feeling surprisingly at home.


A/N: Hey people. Sorry it took so long (again!) for me to update, but I started out this chapter feeling inspired, but then I guess I just lost that feeling, which is why this chapter turns crappy at the end. :P Sorry about that. But now I'm listening to Jpop, which helps my anime fanfictioning, so
hopefully
I can update soon!


>