



I Do not Own Labyrinth or Pirates of the Caribbean




13 Hours


Jack sat in the middle of a rather smelly swamp clutching his compass and shaking it. "I know what I want!" The compass' needle kept spinning. He took a deep breath and tried to calm down. He looked around himself. "I want out of this…
bog
!" The needle stopped and pointed due West. He smiled at the trinket and stood up, "Thank you."

He began a confident march out of the Bog of Eternal Stench.


Seven Hours Earlier


"The Captain's in a right awful mood." Gibbs commented to no one in particular.

"HAS ANYONE SEEN THE BLOODY RUM?!"

The sound of crates and barrels being overturned echoed up from below decks, as the captain of the Black Pearl searched for the missing libation.

Elizabeth Swan, King of the Brethren Court, walked down to the source of the overall upheaval of said vessel.

"Jack! Stop it."

Jack Sparrow turned and waved feebly at Elizabeth, as he kept searching. "Hello, have you seen the rum?"

"Yes."

Jack looked amused and perplexed as his head shot up to look at her. "Where, where have you seen the rum?"

"Floating, in the ocean, near our last port."

Jack curled the hand he was about to slap her with into a fist and dropped it to his side. "Get out of my way."

Elizabeth looked at him, "Jack, you haven't been yourself in forever. That vile drink has made you complacent. This is the most active you have been in…
months
!"

He pushed her aside and stomped up the stairs to the deck. "Meddlesome woman,
Oh Jack I am just trying to help you
." He muttered and said in a falsetto voice. He glared back at her as he prepared the dinghy.

Gibbs walked up to him, as Jack already stood in the little boat, lowering himself to the ocean's surface. "Captain, where are you going?"

"He's going to hunt a crate of rum that is floating somewhere near the last port!" Elizabeth shouted from the stairs below deck.

Jack smiled with a blatant lack of sincerity, "Yes, that."

He began rowing back, hoping not to run afoul of that most dangerous drop of ocean, the Bermuda Triangle.

>