



I Do not Own Labyrinth or Pirates of the Caribbean




13 Hours


Jack kept rowing, and rowing, and rowing. Then he stopped. He had a visitor. He was tall with odd hair; though, who was Jack to judge. He held a shimmering orb and was rolling it about his fingers, much as how Jack was wont to do with coins. Jack shook himself out of his trance-like state, "What is that?"

The newcomer smiled. "It is a crystal, nothing more…"

Jack started rowing again. "Then it's worthless."

The man raised a finger of his free hand, "Ah but if you turn it this way, it can show you your dreams."

Jack smiled and shook his head while looking down. "I don't need that, I know my dreams, and I have a way to get to them." He placed the oars in a standby position and patted the compass hanging from his hip, and then he began rowing again.

The man looked at the compass curiously and then sighed, "Yes, I'm sure you do, but isn't there something you're searching for that the compass
can't
help you find?"

Jack became introspective, "Yes."

The man smiled, "That's what I thought; you have thirteen hours to solve my labyrinth."

He smiled strangely, "I wish you luck."

Then he was gone and Jack smelled something foul.


Now


or


Two Hours into the Labyrinth


Jack kept walking westward until he heard mumbling. "Smell, smell bad."

Jack walked up to the red-orange behemoth. "Excuse me; mate, what might you be doing here?"

The furry beast looked at the pirate, "Ludo…Lost."

"Lost, you say." Jack whipped out his compass, "Well, we can fix that."

He stared at the swirling needle. "Ludo you say?" The bear like creature slowly nodded his head up and down. "I want to know how to get Master Ludo home." The needle pointed straight forward. "Come now, we have our heading."

The duo kept walking until they arrived at a row of hedges, the official 'beginning' of the labyrinth. Jack walked right in and began his trek through the first level. After ten minutes of walking in circles Jack took his sword in hand, swung and hit…nothing.
Nothing?


He stepped through the opening in the hedge, "What are you waiting for Ludo?"

Ludo walked in behind the pirate.

"Ello."

Jack looked back, "Ello."

"Whatcha doing?"

Jack finally saw the one who was talking and stooped to look him in the eye, "Worm."

"Yes, that's the name, don't wear it out. Watcha doing?"

Jack stood and motioned between Ludo and himself, "We're navigating the labyrinth."

Jack began leading the way and the Worm spoke up, "Not that way."

Jack swung his head back around the corner, "What."

"Don't go that way. You don't want to go that way."

Jack went that
that way
.

Ludo looked down at his companion. "Worm said don't."

Jack smiled, "Precisely my sunset hued friend, I don't take kindly to being told what I can do."

Shortly, Jack and Ludo were at the gates of the Goblin City, needing not to traverse other trials, having won against the worm of doubt. When the gates opened, a very large goblin stood before them. Jack craned his neck to take in the enormous foe. "Humongous."

The imposing goblin shifted his eyes, "Yes, how did you know?"

Jack shrugged as he ran and slid between the, now confused, roadblock's legs, "Rather self explanatory," He shouted back, "Ludo are you coming?"

Ludo waved at Hugh Mongous and the guard stepped out of the way. Ludo
was
a legitimate citizen after all.

Jack kept running when he saw the tangerine beastie following. He could see that the city was in a state of war and understood it was against each other and thought,
much like the members of the Brethren Court.
He made it into the courtyard and skidded to a stop. Little goblins were loading cannons with ammunition kept in the crates behind them. That's when he saw it, the crate with the sparrow; the crate with the rum,
his
crate. A little soldier reached into Jack's crate and pulled out an onion bottle, handing it to the goblin loading the cannon. Jack ran toward them waving his hands and screaming in, what felt to him, slow motion, "Not the rum!"

Just as he reached the crate, it and the two adventurers disappeared in a puff of sparkling smoke.

Jareth was sitting on the crate when Jack lurched to a stop. "How on Earth, did you escape the Bog of Eternal Stench?"

Jack smirked and simply said, "I made a raft out of sticks and hair," He thrust a thumb behind his shoulder, indicating Ludo, "from his back."

Jareth stood and looked at the newest champion of his labyrinth. "You beat my labyrinth with ten hours to spare. Who are you?"

Jack reached his hand into the crate he jimmied back open and pulled out a bottle. He pulled the cork out and brought the bottle to his mouth, "I'm Captain Jack Sparrow."

He propped his foot up on the top of the crate and took a victorious swig. He closed his eyes at the cool refreshment he gained, when he opened them, he was back on the Black Pearl. He started walking up the stairs to the main deck, singing to himself. "Yo ho, yo ho…"


The end


>