


Chapter Seventeen


A light tap on Scott's hand woke him up gently from the warm fuzz that falling asleep in a car brought on. Anne was half turned around in her seat, a silhouette against the darkness outside the windshield. She put a finger to her lips and smiled.

"We're here, if you want to wake him up," she whispered and opened her door. John had already gotten out, voices from outside the car indicated that Tommy's parents had appeared as well. Scott rolled his eyes at her and turned to the still sleeping Tommy. He had two approaches to waking him up, his inner Gordon advocating going for the ribs. Scott as always ignored that inner aquanaut and gave Tommy a gentle nudge instead, smiling as his hand was taken and he ended up with a Tommy slumped onto his shoulder.

"Come on, get out." Scott told him. With a good natured groan Tommy pushed his door open and the cold air hit them both.

"You sure about that?" Scott shivered but braced himself before getting out.

"Hallo! You must be Scott!" Suddenly he was clasped in a strong handshake by a tall ginger and slightly bald version of Tommy. "Robert. It's a pleasure to meet you."

"Good evening, Mr Douglas," Scott answered as smoothly as possible.

"Come and get yourselves inside, there's some supper for you waiting." Tommy chucked a bag in his direction and nodded at his father's retreating back. It was then that Scott actually saw the castle for the first time. He had seen enough castles not to be amazed by them, except when presented with the idea of it being Tommy's home. A long arched gallery stretched along the front through which they followed Robert. The castle itself rose up, thick and square and formidable, crowned with some half concealed shapes in the darkness. Gables, gargoyles, Scott filled in the blanks relatively easily. The Tracy villa was nothing compared to Drumlanrig.

"Here they are," Robert called. "Leave your things there, lad." The bags were left on the bottom step of an imposing sweeping staircase below a set of armour. Scott looked around curiously for a moment before someone else appeared.

"Hello there, dear!" Scott gave a polite smile to Tommy's mother who could have been cast as Rapunzel's older self, her hair reaching absurdly far down her back.

"Hello, Mummy. This is Scott. John's brother." John appeared out of nowhere with a tight grin.

"And this one's yours, right?" Scott felt himself going red at that. Sophia laughed, steering him towards the long kitchen where a table was set with cold cuts and warm bread. Anne was already sitting down, helping herself to ham and salad.

"Well sit down!" The Tracys did as they were told, Scott looking around in surprise at the cost kitchen that seemed more farmhouse than castle. It wasn't in keeping with the family crests that adorned the entrance hall where they had left their bags.

"Ah good, polite enough not to gorge themselves and healthy enough to eye everything up," Sophia said, looking at Scott for long enough to reawaken his nerves. She seemed to reach some sort of conclusion about him suddenly, turning to Anne.

"You look exhausted, you should have made Tommy drive." Anne shrugged, crumbling a lump of feta up.

"We'd be lost somewhere around Carlisle, we all know Tommy can't find his way here." Their voices, Scott noted, had suddenly turned very Scottish, as if a switch had been turned upon entering the castle.

"I could have gotten us over the border!" Tommy looked around for support. "Well, it's not my fault Cumbria used to be part of Strathclyde!"

"A thousand years ago. Nice to see you remember something of secondary school history, Tommy." Robert set down a huge vat of soup in front of them.

It was a family, albeit with a mother and sister which Scott wasn't used to. It wasn't as scary as his imagination had been making it out to be. There was the momentary silence that came from all parties, apart from John, knowing enormous amounts about the others but not quite sure where to start the conversation.

"Forgive me for getting muddled," Sophia began. "I know there are a lot of you, are you the second or third boy or what?"

"Second, of five," answered John.

"And I thought three sons was quite enough." Scott had not forgotten the two Greek half-brothers from Sophia's first marriage, although he knew they were distant and Tommy saw more of his cousins than he did them.

"Well I'm going to bed, don't ask me to drive anywhere for a month at least." Anne gave them all a wave and her mother a kiss goodnight before leaving them.

"Tarley and Tyrell," Robert said as Tommy stood up. John's head shot up in recognition. "We renovated and I let Tommy rename all of the rooms. So we now have a lot of blood thirsty houses as room names. They used to be things like Elizabeth, India and Queen Mary."

"These are more interesting. Night!" Tommy had already grabbed Scott's hand and was beckoning to John. The Tracys bade their hosts good night, the door not quite closing in time to muffle the laughs Tommy's parents shared.

"They were about to start the family history rant," he explained as they reached the stairs. "It's long and not nearly as interesting as it should be. Here." He stopped at a door on the landing, down what could once have been the bachelor's corridor. "Tarley, John."

"I'm flattered," the blonde muttered. "Night, guys." Scott frowned at the smirk shot in his direction.

"It wasn't so bad, was it?" Tommy asked, leaning against the door Scott presumed was his.

"They're lovely." He used the extra inch or so he had over Tommy to lay his chin on his head.

"You say that now, wait until Greek cuisine meets Haggis tomorrow night." Scott pulled away to see if he was joking or not. Tommy's face was deadly serious for half a heartbeat, then it was obscured in a kiss. Scott wrapped his arm firmly around Tommy's waist, leaning down.

A creak on the stairs made them jump and Tommy buried his face in Scott's shoulder. It took him a moment to realise he had burst into giggles.

"In here?" Scott asked, fumbling for the door handle. Tommy recovered enough to shake his head.

"I swear he still treats me like a teenager. No, he'll check I'm where I'm meant to be." He grinned and gave Scott one last kiss goodnight. "See you in the morning." Ominous footsteps on the landing made Scott close his door quickly before he too smirked at how much like summer camp it seemed to be, with monitors patrolling the hallways at inconvenient times.

>