
= = = (* Cold Feet *) = = =

The two girls hurried inside their dorm room and switched on the small
heater. Taking off their slightly damp jackets and laying them over their
desk chairs, they glanced at each other through the corners of their eyes.
 The walk home had been surprisingly cold. True, it was early December,
but this was Sunnydale. It didn't snow . . . but id did Rain. Why
nature started to have a downpour with freezing winds just as they had to
walk the whole way across town, the girls were clueless.

"I'm going to take a shower." Buffy said quietly, picking up her bathroom
accessories, towel, and pajamas. Willow nodded and did the same. Buffy
walked into her stall and undressed, simply tossing her sodden garments
over the door, placing the towel on the little hook on the out-side of the
small booth. As she washed her hair and rinsed the cold rain off of her
skin, she felt numb, and not because of the chilly walk home. She let the
water wash over her, trying to think things through.

{Is this really for the best?} She questioned. {Were Willow and I happier
when we were just friends?} She needed an answer, and for once, the other
little voice in her head felt like keeping to it's self. {Great, just my
luck . . . went I want it, I can't have it; when I've got it I wish it was
gone.} She heard Willow leave the bathroom, and Buffy sighed. It'd been
a long day, and piled up after yesterday . . . well, things were intense.
{But not always bad intense . . .} she thought, a smirk spreading across
her lips at the memory of the two nights previous.

"Mmm, Willow." Buffy whispered as she let the hot water slowly work the
tension out of her sore muscles. After sitting in the hard chair in the
hospital for so long her body was aching. {How can doing so little hurt
so much?} She wondered, taking one last deep breath of steam before
shutting the water off. After drying off and switching into her Yummy
Sushi Pajamas, she gathered her things and headed back to the room.

Willow was sitting at her desk, adorning a pair of sweat pans and an over-
sized t-shirt. {She looks cute . . .} Buffy thought, then shook her head.
 {You're such a sap when it comes to Willow. She could go all Sam
Shepard on you and still she would be adorable to you.} Buffy climbed into
her bed and pulled the sheets up to chin. Even with the heater on, the
room seemed to be no warmer than when she left. As the blonde laid her
head on the pillow and watched the read-head, she remembered something.
{The last time I slept in this bed was with her}. Buffy smiled as said
bedmate began color-coding her notes.

She didn't know how long she'd laid there in the semi-darkness, just
watching. Watching Willow do her Willowy-thing had always seemed very
endearing to Buffy, and she'd been watching her perfect it for years.
Slowly the Slayer started to fall asleep, not even noticing it; her mind
was filled with memories of the red-head over the time they'd know each
other, the little things she'd observed. {I used to love her hair,} Buffy
thought sleepily, {Way back when it was long and she used to let me braid
it for her . . . or the way Willow would mumble in her sleep about frogs on
the nights when she'd stay over, and then wrap her arms around me. . .}

An hour later, Buffy woke with a start. A loud rumble of thunder had
issued from the rain-clouds above, and had stirred the blonde out of her
sleep. In the silence that fallowed, she realized that, well . . . it
wasn't really silent. Looking over towards Willow's bed, she heard a
quiet clicking sound. As the next bold of lightning issued, Buffy saw
that the Witch was balled up under the sheets, chattering. It was evident
that the heater was busted, and Willow - - not being a slayer - - was
starting to feel the effects.

She watched as the girl shifted, and pulled her knees up to chest. Buffy
had to admit this coldness was pretty extreme . . . but hey, Life On The
Hellmouth. Without warning, the blonde got up out of her own bed and
walked over to her girl-friends. The redhead didn't even seem to notice
until the sheets' being pulled up caused a cool drift. Crawling under the
comforter, the Slayer watched as Willow's eyes widened in shock.

"Buffy! What are you - " She started, but never go to finish. Buffy
pushed her back down onto the bed, and reached for the hem of her shirt.
"BUFFY!" Willow yelled suddenly.

"Will, I know how much you hate to miss class, so please just trust me."
Buffy cut her off, placing a delicate finger to the girl's lips. The
intense look in those hazel eyes where was really silenced the Wicca,
however. Buffy once again pulled on the bottom of the shirt, this time
succeeding in it's removal. As Willow's head cleared the collar Buffy
placed her warm hands on the chilled arms of her girl-friend. As she
quickly rubbed her hands up and down them, almost mechanically, she looked
away slightly. As Buffy took both Willow's hands in her own, gently
warming them between her own, she sighed quickly.

"I don't want you getting sick, finals are in a week and I know how
important they are to you . . ." The blonde trailed off, but she never
stopped her heated touch. As she reached for the girl's sweat-pants tie,
her hands were slapped away. Recoiling for the sudden snap, Buffy's eyes
shot up to meet stunned Green ones.

"Don't." Willow sounded almost pleading, as though she was scared. Buffy
sighed, almost as though she was exasperated, and quickly pulled her own
pajama top off. Willow turned to look away, but Buffy caught her chin
gently, forcing her to look at the Slayer.

"Willow, you'll warm up faster if you're naked. Your body heat will
reflect off the sheets and keep the cool out. It's what you're supposed to
do if you're trapped in a snowstorm. So, if you're not going to get
naked, then you'll have to reflect *my* body-heat." The blonde said it
almost as though it was a threat. Willow blushed, and Buffy un-did the
draw-string on her own pajama pants. "You maybe not be very happy with me
right now, but I won't have you getting sick just to spite me. I Love
you, Will . . . and I'm not worth a failed semester for. Besides," the
blonde said, struggling with the knot she'd made, "I like keeping you
warm." Willow's blush deepened as she remember their conversation he
night before.

"Buffy?" Willow said gently, halting the blonde's hands as they hooked into
the waist band of her Yummy Sushi sleeping attire. Buffy looked up at her
almost sternly, and Willow gently pulled them down for her. The corners
of both their mouths curled into small smiles, and Buffy slowly removed the
soft material from Willow's body. As the Slayer reached back to un-clasp
her bra, she felt her arm slapped again. Halting her actions again, she
received a glare from Willow. "Under-Pants Rule." Willow said sternly.

"Aurgh!" Buffy groaned loudly, throwing herself back against the sheets.
 "WHAT THE HELL IS THE UNDER-PANTS RULE?!" She said loudly, "I know I
already agreed to it, but I have to admit I have *no idea* what the heck
you're talking about . . ." Throwing and arm over her eyes, the blonde
huffed slightly. Willow had to hold in a giggle at the site, and lay down
next to her girl-friend.

"It means; the under-garments have to stay on." She said slowly. Before
Willow knew what was happening, she was pinned against the mattress.

"What?" the Slayer asked slowly, in disbelief. Willow took a few deep
breaths and cleared her throat.

"I didn't want us to rush into things." She said slowly, trying to be as
gently as possible. "I was worried that sex would take over our
relationship, and we'd just be lovers, and no longer friends. You're by
most bestest friend . . ." Willow said sadly, slipping into her little-girl
voice unbeknownst to her, "I don't want to lose that part of us, Buff."
The blonde couldn't' help but smile at that, and kissed Willow's head
gently, much in the way she'd kissed Faith earlier. Slipping down so that
she could cuddle up next to the witch, the Slayer frowned.

"Does that mean that the last two nights . . . was that not . . ." Buffy
said gently, not wanting to assume anything when the lines of what she'd
thought and what was differed so greatly. "I mean, did we . . ." she
sighed quickly, and blurted it out, "I thought I was making love to you."
Willow turned to look at her suddenly, surprise marking her face, and Buffy
felt her heart sink.

"We weren't?" Willow seemed just as confused. Buffy shrugged awkwardly
and looked away. "Buffy, sex and Making love are different. One is an
expression, the other is an action." Cupping the blonde's face in her
hands, Willow's voice dipped to a whisper, "I made love to you that night,
even if you didn't to me."

"I DID!" Buffy insisted suddenly, "I was just worried . . . what with this,
uh, 'Revelation' . . . I just wanted to make sure I wasn't reading too much
into it." The Slayer blushed ten shades of Red, and buried her face into
Willow's neck lightly. The witch laughed at the slight tickle the
blonde's nose cause as she was nuzzled, and felt strong, small hands snake
their way around her middle. Willow pulled the sheets higher again and
felt as the hands on her body started to wander.

"Buffy?" Willow said slowly, almost as a warning. Buffy looked up at her
innocently.

"What are the terms?" Buffy asked delicately, "What's okay and not Okay
between us?"

"What do you mean?"

"Well, can I touch you under the underwear if you're still in it?" Willow
chuckled and shook her head 'No'. With a pout Buffy kept her fingertips
gently moving across the flat stomach of her lover. "What about . . .
touching you *through* the underwear?" Willow nodded, enjoying the way
Buffy was tickling her tummy lightly, relaxed and purring like a cat.
"Like this?" she asked, running her finger tips over the red-head's
sensitive nipples. Willow drew in a sharp breath, and her eyes closed of
their own accord. The last things he saw before her eyes rolled back was
that the blonde still had that innocent on her face.

"Buffy!" Willow moaned, trying to keep her voice down. As the fingers
continued their gentle ministrations the witch's breath started to hitch.
Suddenly, she felt the blonde start to kiss her neck, gently sucking the
tender flesh of her pulse-point between her lips, marking her skin with
love-bites. As the skilled tongue left a warm, wet trail up to the
redhead's ear, Buffy giggled darkly.

"So . . . this is alright?" The blonde asked, slipping her leg between the
Wicca's. Willow's back arched and her grip on the Slayer's back
tightened. As she pressed her knee into the Witch's center, she let out a
long, slow, almost evil moan. "Mmm, Willow . . . You smell good enough to
eat." At that the witch's eyes sprung open in shock. Smirking down at
her, Buffy leaned in close, "But that'll have to wait, I guess . . ."
Capturing the woman's lips with her own, and sighed in contentment. {How
things are supposed to be.} She thought.

"Buffy, I . . ." was all the witch could get out before she felt the
pressure against her core shift, lift, then replace . . . by a hand. A
strong yet soft Slayer-Hand to be precise. Quickly grasping the wrist
attached to said appendage, Willow looked up in shock.

"Shhh, it's okay," Buffy whispered gently, kissing her passionately again,
tasting those lips that drove her wild. "I'll be good, just want to have
a look around." Some how, the Slayer made it sound sexy. How, Willow
wasn't sure. She couldn't really think about it, because the sudden
attention to her nether-regions had rendered her brain functions to little
more than that of very intelligent grass. Or, possibly, a very stupid
fish, as she could still make sounds. Barely.

"Mmmm, Buffy . . ." Buffy smiled and leaned down, kissing the witch's
breast through the thin fabric of her bra. Her fingers gently caressed
the wetness of the cotton panties, feeling the girl's arousal quickly
building. Adding the pressure of her leg again, Buffy cupped Willow's Sex
gently. Wincing as she felt Nails dig into her shoulder, she still
couldn't help but grin at the look of passion on her lover's face. {On
second thought, Maybe it's worth the risk!}

(To Be Continued . . .)

~VixenRaign~
>