

The Grandpa and the Borrower

"Really, grandpa?" Amelia said as she sat on his lap.
"Really." He replied.
"But, how?" She questioned. "And when?"
"It was years back, I was about your age, eleven. I was watering the roses because my mother had me do it every morning." He explained. "And as I was watering them, a leaf fell on the dirt."
"And?" Amelia's eyes grew big.
"And under this leaf was a-"
"Borrower?" Amelia almost yelled.
"Ah! Yes, a Borrower, indeed!" He smiled.
"This Borrower had ginger hair, green eyes, and her face was covered with freckles." He described her.
"She wore a green shirt and skirt, with a brown belt. And she held a needle."
"Did she use it as a sword?"
"Yes, indeed she did." He paused for a few seconds then continued. "Of course she noticed I saw her and tried to get away,. But I held her before she could get away. She stabbed me a few times in the hand with her needle, but that didn't do much damage."
"What was her name?"
"Her name was Leah." He replied.
Did you guys become friends?" Amelia asked.
"Not exactly." He looked at Amelia. "This Borrower 'borrowed' more like stole, my belongings; my pins, needles, threads, tissues, my mother's earrings, sugar, teabags, and much more."
Amelia's expression turned from excitement to concern.
"I couldn't stand these "borrowers" apparently there was more that I never met."
"How much was there?" She asked.
"Well, she spoke of her family a bit to me. There were four of them including her; a brother, father, and mother. She didn't tell me their names."
"Did they give you your belongings back?"
"No."
"So you really did meet a Borrower?" Amelia asked. "Or are you toying with me?"
"No, I've met one." He gestured her to move off of him. "Would you like to see her?" He asked as he got up from his chair and walked over to the cupboard.
Amelia's eyes opened with excitement as her grandpa took out a glass jar that had holes on the lid.
He walked over to Amelia and handed her the jar. She looked at it in horror; in it laid a Borrower who was not breathing.

>