


A: Accidents



Carmen ran. She didn't know where she was going exactly, but she just had to escape. She had to escape the clutches of paparazzi...escape her wedding. The Spaniard was getting married to a European pianist by the name of Roderich Edelstein. Eventually, the press got ahold of the private information, and the info spread across the world.

Of course the wedding wasn't her idea. It wasn't even the Austrians. It was their managers' idea. They thought it was a good idea for their businesses to spread word of their newfound love. Unfortunately, neither of the clients were happy about this, but it wasn't their decision. They just went along with it.

Anyways, back to the running of the Spaniard.

"Maybe...maybe I can just stay with Francis..." Carmen muttered as she wove her way around a lightly dense forest. Evading twisted tree roots was not exactly her forte, but getting her feet caught in them is closer to it. The sun-kissed woman's leather-shoe toes went under a pretty thick root, tripping her onto another body. Her upper body may have been saved, but her right leg was severed up to the knee, cutting right through the thick fabric of her khaki pants.

"Aye..." the second body groaned.

"Dios mio..." After assessing what just happened, Carmen moved off the groaning body and onto the tree root she fell over. "Lo sientos. I didn't see you the- ...why are you out in the forest anyways?"

After a few seconds of no reply, the brunette lightly poked the torso of the body. "Um...hola?" She caught a glimpse of his messy blonde hair and muscular upper body, classifying the body as male. "Ah sir? You alright?"

"I-I'm just fine... But could you, ah, remove your leg off my left arm? I can't feel it..." an accented voice whispered.

Carmen nodded, moving her left leg off the mysterious man's arm. "Sorry about that..."

The blonde sat up, rubbing the back of his head. "It's alright..."

"Arthur?" The Spanish percussionist blinked, looking directly into the messy-haired man's green eyes. "It
is
you!" She wrapped her arms around his in a tight hug, burying her face in his chest. "I knew you'd come!"

Arthur blinked a few times. "I was invited to your wedding..."

Carmen nodded lightly. "It seems a lot of people have."

"What are you doing out here? Shouldn't you be out with the girls for the lat night of being a maiden?" The Brit asked, wrapping his own fair-skinned arms around her waist.

"U-um...about that...I ran away from the wedding..." she muttered, blushing.

Arthur hummed in acknowledgement. "Well understood. You know, you could have refused."

The Spaniard looked up at him. "How could I have?"

"You could have said that you had another suitor."

"And who would that be?"

"Me." He lightly pressed his lips to hers, claiming her as his. Carmen took no time kissing back, wrapping her arms around his neck. She felt him pick her up bridal-style as the Brit pulle away. "Let's go find somewhere to fix up your leg, yes?"

"Si~"

>