

Carmen could not balance for her life. (I mean, she could balance her own crazy career, but with that manager of hers, it was impossible.) Even if she stood on the arm of the couch in the living room, she still would have fallen off.
So one day, the Spaniard tried to test this theory to rid her of her boredom. She went to the top of the stairs and climbed on top of the banister. Before standing up, the brunette took a few deep breaths, balancing her core self then her body.
"I can do this... I'll prove to Francis and Ricardo that I
can
have great balance," she muttered to herself, lightly smirking. She stood up shakily as her dark curls fell down upon her shoulders. "Wait, what kind of balance did they mean?" The Spanish woman's eyes slightly widened at the dirty thoughts running through her mind. "Nevermind..."
Sock-clad feet clung onto the wooden railing as Carmen perched atop the second-story balcony overlooking the front room. Holding up her arms to balance her swaying self, the Spaniard casted a glance out the bay window to see a black BMW
(Reader-chan: Wow. Very original, author-san.)
pulling into the driveway. This gave the sun-kissed woman a jolt of energy, nearly causing her to tumble to the ground. Instead, she knelt down on the rail and grasped onto it gently, murmuring to herself, "I can do this. If a drunken Gilbert can do this with great ease, so can I!" The Spaniard smirked to herself before standing up once more. "I'll show them~"
Just then, the front door unlocked and opened below the brunette, causing her to freeze in place with one foot a couple centimeters above the oak rail.
"Carmen? What in the world are you doing up there, love?" A British accented voice called from the first floor.
"Y-you're back alr-" Carmen was interrupted by her falling off the railing. She closed her emerald eyes and waited for the impact, but it never came. She peeked one eye open to see her boyfriend holding her in her arms.
"This seems to happen a lot with you, doesn't it~?" the Brit stated, a small smile playing on his lips.
Carmen looked down at her fingers. "I-It does..." she mumbled into his chest, lightly blushing.
Arthur pecked her forehead before setting her down on the island in the kitchen. "Now, what
were
you doing up there? You could have gotten hurt."
"I-I was working on my balance again..." the Spaniard pouted, picking up a tomato. "I was trying to prove Francis wrong."
The Briton let out a small sigh as he took her tanned hands into his. "You don't need to prove anyone anything. You're perfect the way you are." The blonde pressed a small kiss to her temple.


Keheh~ another one done! I'll try to update my stories more for ya'll~!

Keep calm, and eat Oliver's cupcakes~

~Brazilian Empire












>