


This is a story I wrote about Sherlock when he was a bit younger. Twenty years old, maybe. No John, or not yet, anyway.



All rights to the BBC, but the other main character is mine.





The chapters get much longer!





Sorry in advance for any OOC, logic discrepancies, etc. If you do find anything, please feel free to tell me.


Chapter One


"He" Meets "Her"


She walked along the side of the road, making her way closer and closer to him with fast but tired steps. An enormous backpack hung on her back, making her slump forwards slightly, her very long and very tangled ponytail swinging. Her nose was too long for her face and her ears stuck out a little, but her brown eyes sparkled with curiosity. He noted the small logo on her t-shirt, the unusual wear in her shoes, and the callouses on her fingers. Cashier at a small store, he decided. He was a little surprised when his mind added that she liked climbing trees in her spare time. She hadn't noticed him yet, and he wasn't sure he wanted her to. In fact, he was sure of very little.

He was... he really didn't know. A chill ran down his spine as he thought of what he remembered of the last week. Those memories and some odd little facts were the only things that swam around in the emptiness that was his head, along with very general information about people, science, and other such things.

She was getting closer now.

She. The youngest of a large family until recently, when something bad happened. At least two sisters. Stole the pack from her father. Name starts with J.

He groaned.
Let her see me. I don't care.


What would she do if she found him? Would she take him to the police? Would she take him back? Would she leave him? Rob him? There wasn't much to steal.

He knew he couldn't go to the police. And he'd rather die than go back.
No. Don't see me. Please, don't see me.
He tried to lean back into the tree under which he was standing, but was disappointed when he found that he couldn't move his left arm. An intense wave of pain slammed into him and his last thought as he fell to the ground was that surely, now she must have seen him.


Review and tell me if I should continue. Thanks!


>