


This is either the last or second to last chapter. It's a little weird, but I kinda like the weirdness. Thank you to those of you who've been reviewing! It really makes me happy!


Chapter 15

Between Him and Her

It was week five since their return to the real world and it seemed that Joe couldn't be happier. Her smile lit up any room she walked into and her hair shone as if a hundred elves had rubbed it full of exotic oils and at least a flask of liquid phosporus.

Not that Sherlock paid much attention to this, of course. After all, he was busy with his own life. He resolutely occupied himself in his experiments and the occasional crime (the solving part). Lestrade had called him with a request to consult on a murder three weeks ago, and twice since. Sherlock suspected that Mycroft had put him up to it, but did not resist. It was nice to feel the thrill of a puzzle, and if he managed to expose the idiocy of Lestrade's men, then it was only an added bonus.

As for Mycroft's men, the John Watson who'd assisted with their reunion had become a sort of... aquaintance. Joe had enjoyed playing cards with the man.

Sherlock ground his teeth and squeezed another drop of acetone into the test tube he was holding, hissing when the liquid inside turned a bright blue.

It wasn't as if John had shown any sign of being interested in Joe, really.

Or had he?

Sherlock didn't think so. He rinsed the pipette and emptied the tube into the waste bin. Molly would be in the lab in a few minutes, if he left right now, he could avoid running into her. He hurriedly gathered his things.

"Damn," he said, as his mobile phone clattered to the floor. He picked it up and saw that it was not damaged. A green box had popped up proclaiming that he had six new messages.

"Buy milk Sherlock," was unsigned, as were, "And chocolate. See if they have any of that stuff with the caramel inside," and "Also oranges."

A last text from Joe, "It's Doctor Who. Come at once if convenient, but buy chocolate," made his lips twitch.

There were two more messages from Mycroft. The first produced a link to a paper showing the effects of close contact for several years and made Sherlock scowl. It was probably another thing on how he should get out more. As if going to Bart's didn't count. Or, better yet, an article saying he and Joe needed to start weening off of each other. The second text, however, had his eyebrows shooting high up on his forehead. "You don't need to run from Joe, Sherlock." It was signed, "MH."

He decided to put the link and controversial message from his brother off for later and walked out of the hospital. A quick stop to Tesco's was not as quick as he imagined it would be, but also more productive. At least in the sense that he bought more.

A cab delivered him to 221B, and within a minute he was inside and taking off his shoes and coat.

"Sherlock!" Joe's excited voice startled him and he tipped to the side, almost falling. She grabbed him by the arm, which sent a large carton of milk spilling out of the bag. The carton cracked and a pearly white puddle spread on the floor. There was a moment of silence, and then both started laughing. "There goes the milk," Joe intoned in a mock-somber voice.

"What a pity," added Sherlock. He knew his eyes were crinkled and he probably looked utterly moronic, but couldn't bring himself to care. They quickly mopped up the milk with a towel and dropped it into the sink.

"The flat has seen worse," Joe joked, earning a glare. She shrugged and reached for his hand. Sherlock froze, then flushed as he realized that she was taking the grocery bag, opening it and looking inside to see what he'd gotten.

"I didn't know which one you wanted," he blurted as she held up four packs of chocolate caramels and caramel chocolates, smiling.

"Me neither. Come on, let's find out." She grabbed his hand again and dragged him into the main room. They piled onto the couch, close together, both basking in the other's warmth. Joe turned the tv on with a flick of the remote, not even bothering to check the channel. Doctor Who was playing. They sorted through the candy (Joe's eyes lit up even more than usual when she saw the orange chocolates) and playfully force-fed each other some.

"Do you think this is all because of, you know..." Sherlock didn't need to ask what Joe was talking about. He'd wondered the same things, countless times in the past month.

"I don't know, really. I..."

"River Song didn't get it all from you, sweetie," said the tv.

"I hope that's not true. I don't think it is."

"Yeah, I hope it's not true. I mean, I hope what you said is true," said Joe.

"If we both hope it's not true, does that mean it isn't?"

"So, you and me, we should get a drink some time," said the tv.

"You mean, if we both hope..."

"And married," said the tv.

"Then it's not just a reflex. And we really do, you know..."

"Fine," said the tv.

"Care for each other?" Joe looked up at Sherlock. He remembered telling Mycroft about Joe, and how unusual his brother's reaction had been. It was almost as if he was amused at Sherlock's predicament. Perhaps... He glanced at his... friend. Her hair, once so tangled and dirty, swung heavily when she moved and reflected the light of the tv. Her cheeks had filled out a little more, but dark smudges remained under her eyes. She was chewing on the corner of her mouth. She often did that, and it created little raw spots on her lips, so Sherlock brushed a finger across them. Then he froze.

"Outside the bubble of our time, the universe is still turning," said the tv, but no one paid any attention to it.

Joe smiled, lips shifting under his fingers, and lifted her own hand to run it lightly under his mouth. Sherlock felt his lungs expand and his heart go crazy. He felt like he was on cocaine again, only a million times better. It was a pure, filling, feeling that smothered him from all sides and from the inside, too. He smiled, wider than he ever had before. Wider than anyone had ever smiled, probably, and slowly pressed his nose against hers.

"Time is disintegrating," said the tv, but still no one listened.

Sherlock traced her nose like he had done so many times. Joe seemed more beautiful than anything he had ever seen. She was the most magnificent being – and he could finally admit it.

"I can't let you die without knowing you are loved by so many, and so much, and by no one more than me," insisted the tv.

Joe's eyes crinkled with mirth.

"I love you," she mumbled into his cheek, and he pressed her close to himself. Sherlock could feel her heart, so strong, so alive, beating wildly in her ribcage. He though she must feel his, too.

"I'm not sure I completely understand," said the tv.

"I don't think I do, either," whispered Sherlock.

They held each other for a moment, and then Joe said, "You have some chocolate under your eye."

Sherlock didn't move. He blinked, then answered, "Alright."

"I consent and gladly give," said the tv.

He thought about how dirty they had been.

"Why would someone think that I wouldn't want to hold you now, if I did when we were filthy?" he wondered aloud. Joe huffed a laugh and swatted him with a finger, not bothering to move her arm.

"You're the woman who married me," said the tv.

"I love you, too," said Sherlock, and they both closed their eyes. Mrs. Hudson would find them in the morning asleep on the floor, still hugging as if their lives relied on it. She would mutter about not being a housekeeper as she collected the dirty wrappers off the floor and washed the smelly towel in the sink. Sounds of crinkling and running water would fill the flat.

But for now, everything was quiet. Almost.

"That's between her and me," said the tv.


Tell me if you think there should be another chapter. Apart from that, I'm currently writing a Harry Potter story I'd like to upload when it's done or mostly done because I'm really bad at consistently uploading, and I might write more Sherlock stuff, but probably nothing more with Joe and in this universe thing. :) Thanks again for reading, etc!


>