


Disclaimer:
I do not own Merlin and never will. BUT I do own Charlene Davis and Megan Swann and any other characters that I make up.


Author's Note:
Look who finally updated this damn story! Sorry it took so long. I got my muse back for it and hopefully I keep it for awhile. But we'll see about that...but for now...enjoy the second part of The Dragon's Call!




Megan's POV…



The one thing I realized about executions…

They were boring as hell. Especially having to wait for one.

I forced back a yawn behind my hand as I stood in the crowd of people in the Square, who were waiting for the execution. It hadn't started yet as Uthur was going to give this speech about it before he got down to business. I hadn't seen Merlin yet (though I could have
sworn
that I saw his big ears somewhere) unfortunately. I tried to find him in the crowd. I was going to purposely bump into him and introduce myself like I
didn't
know he was there. And probably embarrass myself too.

Forcing back another yawn, I looked up at the balcony where Charlene stood beside Uthur, looking just as bored as I was. She looked like she was about to fall asleep but luckily she stayed upright. The thought of getting scolded by Uthur was enough to keep her that way. She met my eyes and gave me an exasperated look. I nodded in agreement and she sighed to herself, moving her eyes away from me just as Uthur addressed the crowd while two guards brought out Thomas Collins.

"Let this serve as a lesson to all. This man, Thomas Collins." He was brought onto the stage for everyone to see. I couldn't help but feel bad. Poor guy, having to die just because he used a little bit of magic. And it wasn't the bad kind… at least I didn't think it was… they never actually said. "Is adjudged guilty of conspiring to use enchantments and magic," Uthur continued, snapping me out of my thoughts, "And, pursuant to the laws of Camelot, I, Uthur Pendragon, have decreed that such practices are banned on the penalty of death. I pride myself as a fair and just King." I snorted to myself at that. Yeah right. "But for the crime of sorcery, there is but one sentence I can pass."

The guards forced Thomas to his knees so that his head was lying on chopping block thingy and Uthur raised his arm. I could see Charlene wince and look away. Then Uthur brought his hand down, signaling to the executioner.

And with that, Thomas Collins was beheaded and I felt sick to my stomach, watching it happen. Damn, should have looked away. Also it was good thing the BBC never showed this on the screen. I definitely wouldn't have watched the show and I love this show so that would be sad if I didn't watch it.

"When I came to this land, this kingdom was mired in chaos." So what was it now? Rainbows and unicorn stickers? I snickered to myself at the line, remembering that Regina from ONCE said that. "But with the people's help magic was driven from the realm. So I declare a festival." How nice of you? Note sarcasm here. "To celebrate twenty years since the Great Dragon." My ears perked up at the mention of him. Mm, I wonder if he knew the reason why we were here. Definitely a possibility. Would have to speak to him sometime with Char. "Was captured and Camelot freed from the evil of sorcery. Let the celebrations begin."

But no one got to leave because Mary Collins started wailing and the crowd parted for her, looking fearful. She looked so much like she did on the show that it was freaky.

"There is only one evil in this land, and it's not magic, it is you!" Mary wailed, pointing a shaky finger at Uthur. "With your hatred." Yep. "And your ignorance!" Double yep. "You took my son!" The odds were definitely
not
in Uthur's favor. "And I promise you, before these celebrations are over, you will share my tears." Which were dripping down her cheeks right now as we speak, "An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, a son for a son."

"Seize her!" Uthur shouted angrily to the guards, who started rushing her way.

But like in this show, she chanted a spell and she disappeared in a whirl of wind and smoke. And then it was over just like that and people went on their merry way, giving me the sight of Merlin, who was looking around. I brightened at the sight of him.

He went off to find Gaius and I ran to catch up to him only to trip over my feet and falling face forward. I lay sprawled out on the ground.

"Ouch," I moaned as I sat up and sat on my knees.

"Er, are you alright?"

I looked up to see
Merlin
looking down at me, eyes worried.

"Oh yes!" I jumped to my feet, brushing my dress off, "I'm just fine. Just tripped over my own feet is all. I tend to do that. I'm rather clumsy, you see. Well, sort of clumsy. Depends on how excited I get." Merlin raised his eyebrows at me and I blushed, realizing how ridiculous I sounded, "But yes, I'm fine."

"Good." Merlin smiled at me as he held out his hand, "I'm Merlin."

"Megan." I smiled back at him, giving his hand a shake, "Oh! Merlin, Megan. It kind of rhymes! You know except for the fact that I have a Gan at the end of my name and yours is Rlin, but yeah…" I ended with a sheepish smile and it looked like Merlin was trying and failing to not laugh at me. Instead of getting angry, I just beamed and let go of his hand only to loop my arm around his, "You and I are going to be best friends, Merlin. I can feel it." But I corrected myself, remembering Charlene, "Well, you'll be my best guy friend. My best
girl
friend is Princess Charlene."

"You know the Princess?" Merlin looked surprised.

"Yes I do," I said. "I'm her maid actually. But she gave me the day off as she was busy with her princessly duties. You should meet her, you'll love her. She's practically friends with everyone even the common folk like little ole me." I changed the subject, voice bright, "Anyway, where are you heading to Merlin?"

"Gaius, the-the court physician."

"Oh you know him?" I asked as we walked along with me leading him in the way of the court physician. I had memorized where it was. From the amount of times I have watched the first episode, it was stuck in my head.

"Yes, he's my uncle."

"Cool," I said brightly, forgetting that the phase I said hadn't been used yet. I only remembered from the odd look I got from Merlin so I quickly corrected myself, "What I mean that it's brilliant that he's your uncle. He's a good man. I haven't met him personally but from the way people talk about him, he sounds like a good person to know."

Merlin nodded. Finally we made it to our destination, but since I knew what was going to happen inside, I decided not to go in. It was too early for me to find out about his magic. I turned to him.

"Here you go," I told him. "Would love to stay, but I need to be going."

"It was nice meeting you, Megan."

"Same here. See you." I gave him one last smile before turning a heel and walking away.




Charlene's POV…



Somehow (and don't ask me because I have no idea) I managed to get away from the feast, not really feeling like celebrating. I actually couldn't eat because of what happened today because seriously, who could eat after what happened today.

After I got away, I decided to find Morgana, who I had remembered didn't go to the feast in the episode. I found her in the exact same spot and I came up to her, placing a hand on her arm.

"Morgana?" I said to her gently.

She didn't look away from the window. "Hello Charlene," she greeted quietly.

I followed her gaze and saw that she was looking at where Tomas Collins had been beheaded at. Now it was my turn to stare down at it. Silence came over us both for a while until Morgana broke it.

"Shouldn't you be at the feast?" she asked.

I wanted to retort, saying, 'shouldn't you?' but instead I said, "I was…it's just after what happened, I didn't feel like eating."

Morgana nodded in understanding, not breaking her gaze from the window.

Again, silence came over us, surprisingly a comfortable one and I stared at the King's Ward. I wished there was something I could say to comfort her, but there was nothing I could say. At least nothing I could think of.

"Ah, there you are, Charlene."

I tried not to flinch at the sound of Uthur's voice as I turned my head to see him heading mine and Morgana's way.

"Why did you leave the feast?"
My father
, still wasn't used to that thought, asked as he stopped in front of us.

I forced a smile on my face. "I just wasn't hungry, Father, that's all." Then I added for good measure and to get him to turn his attention to Morgana (which was a little cruel but I didn't want him to get onto me), "And I wanted to check on Morgana, to see if she was alright because I didn't see her at the feast."

It worked as Uthur turned his attention to his ward. "Yes, why weren't you there Morgana?"

She turned to look at him, her beautiful midnight hair going with her. God, I was always so jealous of her hair that it wasn't even funny.

"I just don't think chopping someone's head off is cause for a celebration." Morgana told him, a frown on her upon her lips. Then she sighed sadly, looking out the window. "That poor mother…"

"It was simple justice for what he'd done."

She whirled around to face him, giving him a look of disbelief. "To whom? He practiced some magic, he didn't hurt anyone."

I didn't say anything for a moment. "She has a point, father…" I said, deciding to stick up for her. "If someone was hurt because of it, then it would be understandable why you would you want to execute him."

Morgana shot me a grateful look while Uthur gave me a hard one. I winced in response.

"You were not around twenty years ago," he snapped at me. "Both of you weren't." It was Morgana's turn to get a hard look. "You have no idea what it was like."

"How long are you going to punish people for what happened twenty years?" Morgana challenged, not at all bothered by the way he was looking at her.

"Until they realize there is no room for magic in MY kingdom!" Uthur snarled. "You will be with me when I greet Lady Helen."

"I told you! I want no part in these celebrations!"

"I'm your guardian! I expect you to do as I ask. If you show me respect at least respect our finest singer." With that, he headed out of the room and Morgana yelled after him,

"You know, the more brutal you are, the more enemies you'll create!"

The door slammed shut and Morgana huffed angrily. "He is so infuriating!"

"Well, at least we know where Arthur gets it from." I joked with a grin.

She stared at me for a moment before giggling. "Very good point, Charlie."

Mm…Morgana and I must be really close if she calls me that. Something I didn't mind at all. I liked Morgana.

I giggled too, then I grabbed Morgana's hand and tugged. "Come on then, let's go up to my chambers and I'll do your hair."

She laughed. "And I'll do yours." She said, letting me lead her out of the room. Hopefully this will make us both forget the execution.



The next morning…


After having a good breakfast, I met up with Megan and we were walking through town. I wanted to wear something I liked, but I didn't want to get in trouble by Uthur so instead, I was wearing a beautiful green and white dress, that reminded me of the dress Scarlet O'Hare wore in that one scene in Gone With The Wind. While we walked, we got caught up with each other.

Megan was now telling me that she met Merlin, and I was a little jealous.

"Lucky!" I exclaimed quietly, not wanting people to overhear our conversation.

"I know." She said smugly in response, then nudged me in the side with a loud laugh and I rolled my eyes. "Oh, don't worry, you'll meet him sometime. I mean, we're in the show, Merlin, so you're bound to run into him sometime. If you didn't, then that would be weird."

She had a point there.

I nodded. "Good point, Meg."

We continued to walk, talking and laughing with each other. We got some weird looks from people in town, not used to seeing a princess and a servant get along so well. We only stopped when we came across a familiar scene.

It was Arthur and his band of idiots, making fun of a servant. I think his name was Morris.

Megan and I shared a look as we rolled our eyes at the same time.

"Ugh, I hate this Arthur." Megan said, making a face. "He's such an asshole."

I nodded in agreement. "Tell me about it…but hey, at least you're not his sister." It was my turn to make a face.

"Er, yeah, especially if I grow to have a crush on him, which would be even weird than not running into Merlin in a show called Merlin."

I loved Megan like a sister, but sometimes I wondered why I was friends with her.

"Right…" I said slowly.

Turning our attention back to the scene, we didn't see Merlin come up from behind us.

"Where's the target?" Arthur asked, laughing.

His gang joined in.

The servant moved the target. "Here sir?"

"It's into the sun."

"But it's not that bright?" The servant said, confused.

"A bit like you, then?" Arthur responded back cruelly. Then he laughed loudly and of course, his group of thugs laughed along with him.

Megan and I watched on sadly.

"I'll put the target on the other end, shall I, sir?" He began carrying the target towards the wall.

One of the knights called out with a loud, annoying laugh, "Teach him a lesson! Go on, boy!"

"This'll teach him." With a smirk, Arthur twirled around a dagger.

"Yeah!"

The first knight laughed again. "Haha! Teach him a lesson!"

Still smirking, my brother (still trying to get used to that one) threw the dagger at the target, causing Morris to jump and yelp.

"Hey! Hang on!"

"Don't stop!" Arthur yelled.

Morris took a few steps back. "Here?"

"I told you to keep moving!" Arthur threw another dagger. "Come on! Run!"

Morris shuffled his feet along, trying to carry the large target while my cruel brother threw more daggers at him.

"Do you want some more moving target practice?"

Morris couldn't carry the target anymore and he tripped on his own feet, dropping it. The target rolled towards us. Before it could hit us, a foot stopped it.

"Hey, come on, that enough." A familiar voice said.

Megan and I turned to look at, finding that Merlin was right beside us. Surprised looks crossed our faces. When he did get here?

Even Arthur was surprised as Merlin stepped forward. "What?"

"You've had your fun, my friend."

"Do I know you?"

Merlin held out his hand. "Er, I'm Merlin."

Arthur ignored his hand. "So I don't know you."

"No."

"Yet you call me 'friend.'" Arthur's eyes rose.

"That was my mistake."

"Yes, I think so."

Merlin smirked. "Yeah. I'd never have a friend who could be such an ass."

"Now, there's a burn." Megan whispered to me with a grin and I laughed, covering my mouth with my hand.

Merlin started walking away and Arthur snorted.

"Or I who could be so stupid." He retorted, causing Merlin to stop walking as he turned around to face him. "Tell me, Mer-lin, do you know how to walk on your knees?"

"No."

"Would you like me to help you?"

"I wouldn't if I were you." Merlin said, trying to sound tough.

It only made Arthur chuckle. "Why? What are you going to do to me?"

"You have no idea."

"Be my guest!" he challenged. "Come on! Come on! Come ooooon!"

Of course, he took a swing at Arthur but my brother only twisted his arm behind his back.

"Whoa!" The Knights awed at the same time.

I decided to step in before something bad happened. "Oi Arthur!" I exclaimed, stepping forward. This got my brother's attention and everyone else's. I crossed my arms over my chest. "Why don't you pick on someone your own size,
brother
? You might have a better chance of winning!"

The crowd began talking amongst themselves and Arthur flushed with embarrassment while Merlin looked at me in awe. I didn't take notice to it all that much as I glared at my brother.

"You know for a prince who's supposed to be just and kind, you can be such a bully." I snapped, saying what I wanted to say when I first watched this scene.

This made Merlin turn his head to look at Arthur with wide eyes, "You're the…"

My brother shook out of his embarrassment to finished his sentence, "the prince…' before taking Merlin down to his knees.

In unison, Megan and I winced. So much for stopping something bad from happening.



TBC...



In...



The Dragon's Call, Part 2...



Hopefully this gets updated relatively soon. We'll have to see as I got a new job a nearby daycare so that keeps me busy. Besides that, I'll update my stories as much as I can :)



Anyway, until next time on SITWOM! :D


>