

Chapter 1 - The introduction

(A/N, This is my first experience with writing fanfiction material, and it would be greatly appreciated if some constructive feedback was left after every chapter or so. Any questions or comments, feel free to leave it in the review section, inbox me, or follow me on twitter at jordany5b)

~ Disclaimer ~ I do not own the rights to any of the characters or locations that are patented with Sega, only those that are of my own creation.

This story takes place after the defeat of Solaris, with Shadow and Rouge still working for G.U.N as top agents. The pair is as close as they ever were, which really isn't that close, and to Shadow, his missions came before anything else. They may work together but the thought of living with each other made both of them laugh, knowing that they would claw at each other constantly. So two working class citizens, with two separate homes; Rouge's home, where everybody in Team Sonic and The Chaotix for example, knew the location of, and Shadow's home, so secretive, that he himself didn't know where he lived sometimes. Recently, Rouge had gotten in touch with Shadow's softer side, after missions getting him to agree to be her designated driver after a night on the town.

They both live in Station Square, along with many of Rouge's friends and Shadow's "acquaintances". He calls them acquaintances as friendship was lost to him long ago. Instead, he places the people that know him on a scale. The ones that annoy him the least would be the first he would save in a dangerous situation, not before saving himself, completing the objective, and then saving his teammates, in that order of course.

The person currently at the top of the scale of people to save would probably be Amy Rose. Why? Because of Shadow's rival, the Faker. She makes Sonic's life a living hell, which although he never shows it, it was the best feeling in the world to Shadow. Rouge valued her friends equally, but if she had to choose between having friends and being rich, Rouge would definitely choose to be rich. Who needs friends when you can bathe in diamonds?

So, there is the situation, the characters, and the first mini-chapter of the story.

>