


Disclaimer: I do not own Total Drama or any of its characters.



"Yo, we're comin' at you live from Camp Wawanakwa, somewhere in Muskoka, Ontario." Chris stepped into view on a dock." I'm your host, Chris Mclean, dropping season one of the hottest new reality show on television, right now!" Chris began to walk down the dock as he continued to explain. "Here's the deal: twenty-two campers have signed up to spend eight weeks right here at this crummy old summer camp. They'll compete in challenges against each other, then have to face the judgment of their fellow campers."

Chris stopped walking and turned around. "Every three days, one team will either win a reward or watch their team-members walk down the dock of shame," He gestured toward the dock he was standing on. "take a ride on the loser boat," A picture of a boat releasing fumes dropped into view as Chris chuckled. "and leave Total Drama Island for good."

Chris arrived at a bonfire surrounded by tree stump seats. "Their fate will be decided here, at the dramatic campfire ceremonies, where every week all but one camper will receive a marshmallow." Chris picked up a marshmallow on a stick and continued to eat it. "In the end, only one will be left standing and will be rewarded with cheesy tabloid fame, and a small fortune—which let's face it, they'll probably blow in a week. To survive, they'll have to battle black flies, grizzly bears, disgusting campfood, and each other." All of these things were shown as he spoke. Then a bird's nest with a camera planted inside it could be seen as Chris continued. "Every moment will be caught on one of the hundreds of cameras situated all over the camp."

Chris was back at the dock. "Who will crumble under the pressure? Find out here, right now, on Total…Drama…Island!"


A theme song then played, and when it was over, Chris was standing on the dock once again. "Welcome back to Total Drama Island. Alright, it's time to meet our campers. We told them they'd all be staying at this five-star resort so if they seem a little TO'd, that's probably why."

A boat then drove away, revealing the first camper, a red-headed girl with a flower in her hair. "Zoey, what's up?" Chris asked as the girl walked over to him.

"Hi Chris!" Zoey smiled. "So, um…this is where we're staying?" she asked as her smile faded into a look of worry.

"Yes it is, but we'll get into that later. Right now, let's introduce Tyler!" Chris exclaimed as a boat could be seen pulling a brown haired boy in a red track suit on water skis. He eventually crash-landed at the dock before recovering and walking over to Chris and Zoey.

Zoey looked really concerned. "Oh my gosh, are you okay?"

"Yeah, I'm fine! I've wiped out worse than that plenty of times."

"What could be worse than that…?" Zoey asked quietly to herself.

The next camper could be heard talking to someone on their boat. "Yah, my great-great-great uncle invented boats. Before him, everybody just swam." When the boat arrived, it seemed like the slightly overweight, brown-haired girl was pushed onto the dock before the boat speeded away.

"Hey there Staci." Chris said as Staci carried her bags over to him.

"Wow. This is a nice dock. You know, my great-great-great-aunt invented docks. Before her, people just let their boats float away. Speaking of boats, my great-great-gre—"

"That's great, Staci. Why don't you go join the others?" Chris looked irritated as he pushed Staci toward the end of the dock.

The next boat left behind a red-headed boy wearing a white tank-top. He stopped to smell his armpit before walking over to Chris. "This is where we're staying? Good, this is much more my style." He then walked over to join the others at the end of the dock.

"Glad to see someone enjoys it Scott" Chris then chuckled as he saw who arrived next. It was a girl with raven-black hair that hung far past her shoulders. She removed her sunglasses and scanned the area before walking over to Chris. "Heather!" Chris announced. However, Heather did not stop to talk and simply walked over to the other campers.

"Hi, I'm Zoey." The red-head greeted Heather. "It looks like we'll be your new friends for the next eight weeks." Zoey smiled shyly as Heather backed away from the girl.

"DJ!" Chris greeted a tall, built, dark-skinned boy.

"Yo, Chris Mclean." The two high-fived and then DJ looked around. "Hey, is this where we're stayin'?"

"It sure is" Chris grinned as DJ walked to the end of the dock.

"It looked a lot different on the application." DJ mumbled to himself.

Chris ignored the comment and turned to see if anyone else had arrived yet. To his surprise, a tall, red-headed boy in glasses was breathing deeply not too far from him. "Harold…glad to have you."

Harold looked around much like the others had. "So you mean the show is at a crappy summer camp, not on some big stage or something?"

"You got it!" Chris answered.

Harold walked over to the others. "Yes! That is so much more favorable to my skills" Chris winced once Harold had turned around. When Harold reached the other campers, he seemed to be staring at Heather. She attempted to ignore him but eventually became angry.

"What do
you
want?"

"I've never met a girl like you before. You're very powerful…and scary." Heather just scoffed as another boat could be heard driving by.

"Everyone, this is Lindsay." Chris announced as a blonde girl could be seen standing at the other end of the dock.

"Hi everyone!" Lindsay waved to the others. When she reached Chris she looked puzzled. "Okay, you look really familiar."

"I'm Chris Mclean…the host"

"Oh, that's where I know you from!" Lindsay then continued to walk down the dock.

When the next boat pulled away, two girls could be seen wearing identical outfits. One was thin and very tanned, and the other was much larger and paler. "Ladies—Sadie, Katie—welcome to your home for the next eight weeks.

"Oh my gosh, Sadie look. It's a summer camp!" the tanned girl shared with the other.

"Okay, I've always wanted to go to summer camp!" Sadie responded before they both squealed loudly together.

The next boy to step onto the dock had a green Mohawk and various piercings. "I don't like surprises, Mclean." He scowled at Chris after seeing the island.

"Yeah, Duncan, your parole officer warned me about that man. He also told me to give him a holler any time and return you to juvie."

Duncan gave up and walked to the end of the dock then. "Okay then."

The next boat drove away with photographers flashing pictures of the tall, blonde girl that had just stepped onto the dock. She posed for them until they were out of sight. "Hi everyone!" She smiled and waved as she took off her sunglasses.

"Welcome to the island Dakota."

"Wait…this is where we're staying?" She looked worried as Chris nodded his head. She then fell to her knees and began to scream. "NOOOO!" She got back up and grabbed Chris by the shoulders. "You have to let me go back. I can't stay here!"

"Sorry Dakota, but your ride is gone." She walked over to the others, sobbing slightly.

Zoey walked up to the girl. "Hey Dakota? You'll be okay. It's only a few weeks anyways."

Duncan snorted at the idea. "Don't give her false hope! Someone like her is never gunna make it here. I'll be surprised if she lasts a whole week."

Dakota began to full-on cry now, bawling into Zoey's shoulder. Zoey patted Dakota's back and then glared at Duncan, who shrugged it all off.

The next boat to pull away left a girl with hoop earrings, a very dark tan, and thick black hair that she was still spraying with hairspray as she walked over to Chris. "Who's been screaming around here? I could hear it way before I got here." Dakota could be heard sobbing rather loudly on the other side of the dock. "Whatever." The girl said as she walked to the end of the dock, shoving her hairspray into her hair.

"Um…welcome to the island Anne Maria." Chris was slightly offended that she had ignored him.

She turned, seemingly noticing Chris for the first time. "Yeah, yeah, ye—woah!" She stopped short and the rest of the campers followed her gaze to the boat that had just arrived, carrying a tall, tanned Latino boy.

"Alejandro!" Chris chuckled when he saw how mesmerized the other campers seemed to be.

"Hello Chris." Alejandro walked past the host to the end of the dock. When he noticed Dakota crying, he approached her. "What is wrong?"

Zoey stopped herself from staring and answered for Dakota. "She's not too happy about where we're staying."

Alejandro grabbed Dakota from Zoey and held her as she continued to cry. The rest of the girls looked at them in jealousy.

"Hey there Brick!" Chris welcomed the next boy to step onto the dock.

Brick stood tall and saluted the host. "Glad to be here sir."

"Okay, you can relax. Go stand with your fellow campers." Brick grabbed his things and walked away. Just then, a very built girl with black hair in a ponytail stepped onto the dock and walked past Chris. "Eva, so glad you could make it."

Eva reached the edge of the dock and accidentally dropped her bags on Brick's foot. "Ow! What's in there? Dumbbells?"

"Yes." Eva didn't say anything more, leaving Brick slightly scared and confused.

Another boy stepped off of a new boat. He was very short and was wearing a red hoodie, yellow shorts and glasses. "Welcome to the island, Cameron."

"Hello…um I can't help but notice that the island looks a bit diff—" Cameron then slid as he reached the end of the dock. "AAHHH!" he slid off of the end and fell into the water. "Help! I can't swim!" Brick immediately jumped in after him, carrying the darker boy over his shoulder as he jumped back onto the dock.

As Cameron recovered, another boy, with stunningly green eyes, walked up to Chris, carrying a guitar. "Hey Trent."

"Hey Chris. I saw you on that figure skating show."

Sadie gasped. "I saw that. Katie, remember how that one girl got dropped on her head?"

"Oh yeah! I remember that!" Katie got suddenly really excited. "She was so hurt, they let her win immunity that week."

Harold chimed into their conversation. "Lucky. I hope I get dropped on my head."

"Me too!" Lindsay exclaimed, clapping.

A new boat pulled up, playing music really loudly. A blonde boy in an open pink shirt jumped out of the boat. "Chris Mclain! Sup man? It's an honor to meet you man."

"The Geoffster! Welcome to the island man."

"Thanks man."

Heather was visibly annoyed. "If they say 'man' one more time, I might puke."

A blonde girl in a blue hoodie stepped off the next boat carrying a surfboard. "Hey, what's up?"

"Alright, our surfer chick, Bridgette, is here."

Duncan noticed Bridgette's surf board. "Nice board. This ain't Malibu honey."

"I thought we were going to be on a beach."

"We are." Chris gestured toward the beach, which was littered with trash.

"WOOHOO!" A large blonde boy came running down the dock. "Chris Mclain, what's happenin'" He then continued to laugh with excitement. "This is awesome! WOOHOO!"

"Owen! Welcome!"

Owen hugged the host, slightly crushing him. "Awesome to be here man. Yeah! Man, this is just so…awesome!"

The last boat to arrive left a girl in a green and pink outfit. "Beth! What's up?"

"It's so credulous to meet you!" She then gasped slightly. "Wow. You're so much shorter in real life."

"Uh…thanks? Anyways, we need to take a picture for the promos. Everyone, on the end of the dock!" All of the campers walked back to the other side of the dock as Chris jumped onto the boat that Beth had arrived on. "Okay, 1, 2, 3…oops! Okay, forgot the lens cap!" He then fixed the problem. "Okay, hold that pose, 1, 2…oh. No, wait. Card's full. Hang on" the campers began to look irritated and most of them sighed. "Got it. Okay, everyone say Wawanakwa!"

Each camper said "Wawanakwa" as the dock broke and the camera captured pictures of them all falling into the water.

Chris seemed as though he didn't care at all about what had just happened. "Okay guys, dry off and meet me at the campfire pit in ten."


The entire cast, as well as Chris could be seen sitting around the campfire pit. "This is Camp Wawanakwa, you're home for the next eight weeks. The campers sitting around you will be your cabin mates, your competition, and maybe even your friends.

"Excuse me, Kyle?" Lindsay raised her hand. "Can I have a cabin with a lake view since I'm the prettiest?"

"Okay you are, but that's not really how it works here…and it's Chris." Chris then pulled out a sheet of paper. "Here's the deal. We're going to split you into two teams. If I call your name out, go stand over there. Trent, Scott, Lindsay, Harold, DJ, Heather, Eva, Katie, Dakota, Zoey, and Tyler. You will from now on be known as The Screaming Gophers." Chris tossed the green gopher flag to DJ.

Katie looked around. "Wait, what about Sadie?"

Chris ignored her and continued. "The rest of you, come stand over here. Staci, Bridgette, Alejandro, Beth, Sadie, Brick, Cameron, Anne Maria, Owen, Duncan, and Geoff. You guys will officially be known as The Killer Bass." Chris then threw the red bass flag to Alejandro.

Sadie began to cry. "But Katie's a gopher. I have to be a gopher." She cried until Chris began to talk again.

"Alright campers. You and your team will be on camera in all public area during this competition." The screen then faded as Chris was seen in the Confessional.



Chris: You will also be able to share your inner most thoughts on tape with video diaries any time you want. Let the audience at home know what you're really thinking, or just get something off your chest.




Dakota: This was supposed to be fun…and so far it sucks!




Lindsay: Um…I don't get it. Where's the camera guy?




Katie: If Katie's not on my team…I might die!



Chris then led the campers to the cabins. "Alright. These are your cabins. Go ahead and take a minute to figure out who you're bunking with. Meet me back at the main lodge when you're finished here." He then walked away.


At the Main Lodge, Chef was introducing himself to the campers. "Listen up! I serve it three times a day, and you will eat it three times a day! Grab your tray, get your food, and sit your butts down now!"

Beth was the first to speak up. "Excuse me. Will we be getting all the major food groups?" Chef didn't answer. He instead scooped food onto her tray with a death stare and she moved on.

Once everyone was eating, Chris entered. "Welcome to the Main Lodge. Your first challenge begins in one hour." With that, he left once again.

Katie looked nervous. She turned to DJ. What do you think they'll make us do?"

DJ just smiled. "It's our first challenge. How hard could it be?"

The camera then showed the campers atop the cliff in their bathing suits before fading to darkness.



A/N: Sorry if your favorites aren't in here. Assuming I can stay motivated, I plan to go through at least the first 5 seasons. So they'll turn up somewhere. Otherwise, let me know how you like it. And let me know if you have any ideas. I already have my couples picked out so I won't take any recommendations on that topic. Also, I don't think I used any in this chapter, but from here on out, confessionals will be in bold.


>