

The Scribe and the Dragon
By Eva-Lyn
Rated: M
Disclaimer: I do not own 'Fairy Tail' or any of its characters.
WARNING: YOU MUST BE 18 Years or older to read this story. I can't say 'highly graphic sexual contents' because I'm not that good but close enough for your imagination to get the idea.
Authors Notes: My Grammar isn't something I'm very proud of but I always try my best. This is my very first Fairy Tail Fan Fiction so if they don't stay in characters, don't be surprise.


FOR YOUR DISCREETION! THIS CHAPTER CONTAINS SEXUAL SCENES NOT SUITABLE FOR ANYONE UNDER THE AGE OF 18 YEARS!S



FOR YOUR DISCREETION! THIS CHAPTER CONTAINS SEXUAL SCENES NOT SUITABLE FOR ANYONE UNDER THE AGE OF 18 YEARS!



FOR YOUR DISCREETION! THIS CHAPTER CONTAINS SEXUAL SCENES NOT SUITABLE FOR ANYONE UNDER THE AGE OF 18 YEARS!

Prologue
He loves how soft her skin feels against his own...
He loves how her breathing is short and rasp because of him...
He loves how she feels under him...
He loves how tight she is...
He loves how needy she is with him...
He loves how his name sounded like a talisman coming from her...
He can't get enough of her...
He can't get enough hearing her moans and screams...
Her walls are closing in on him like she's sucking his hard erection all into her.
'She's so wet...' He moaned roughly at the thought, 'And all because of me...'
His rhythm never slowed down as he pumped himself in and out of her. Diving into her like a man with a mission.
Pulling out to the tip and slamming himself back in to the hilt. He wanted her to feel his thickness and length, shaping her inside just for him.
They've lost track of time hours ago. Not sure how much time have passed since they've started exploring each other nor they care either way.
Their bodies molded, covered in sweats, pure lust overtook their senses and loving every minute of it.
Each thrust earned him a shiver, raspy gasp and his name being called out in the moonlight. The bed rocked from their activity but no one is around to hear it, thank The Lord for that, she would have been embarrassed in the morning.
Though, he rather have everyone know that she belongs to him and his alone.
She's so petite and small, blue hair fanning behind her head like a halo and as she laid there on his bed with his own large and dominating frame on top of hers.
Claiming her.
Her legs wrapped around his waist, matching his rhythm. Smirking at the thought of her wanting him, needing him inside her.
'Mine...'
'Mine...'
'Mine...'
'Mine!' He chanted on each thrust. 'She's mine!'
He growled, his mouth found her right nipple and sucked hard like a starving babe. This got him a delicious reaction from his beautiful scribe.
"G-Gajeel! P-please...Ah!" She begged. "M-more! Give me more!"
It was a request he would gladly comply. His mouth claimed hers before attacking her neck, she moaned.
Gajeel turned her around without breaking their connection, on her hands and knees, holding onto her waist. The new position gave him the luxury of picking up speed and thrust harder, he moan her name for the up-tenth time that night.
"Levy..."
Levy screamed his name, 'G-Gajeel! Oh... My... Ah!'
"D-damn it!" Gajeel groaned, reaching his peak. He leaned over and kissed her shoulder, "Cum for me Levy, cum for me..."
"Let it go..."
A few more powerful thrust and Levy found her climax, she tried to control her voice but it was no use. Her scream is music to Gajeel's ears, it was amazing and he too found his release.
He didn't bother removing himself out, releasing all of his seed inside of her only meant that she will be his for life, his mate until death tear them apart.
When he finished, he remove himself and laid down beside her. They're both gasping for air and heaving, sleep finally took over them. Levy snuggles closer to him and Gajeel wrapped a protective arms around her small frame, soon, they're both fast asleep.
Now, if anyone would have questioned HOW these two lovers have gotten themselves into this situation - let's start from the beginning.
It all start with the most unlikely request and everyone was crazy enough to agree...
This event happened a few days ago and neither one expected this outcome to even happen or progress this far.
End of Prologue...
A/N's: [smiles] This is my introduction for this particular story. I hope no one gets offended. Don't start throwing rocks at me - I did warn you from the beginning and this is NOT THE END...
It only just begun!
I appreciate whoever is brave enough to finish this page. Review is appreciated, PLEASE, no HATERS!
Thank You!















































>