

The Scribe and the Dragon
By Evalynn

Rated: M [Sexual content - you all have been advised]

Author's Note: I do not own 'Fairy Tail' or any of its main characters. I'll try to stay within their usual personality as much as possible. Please, do not bash me, my grammar sucks. Enjoy the story and yes, sexual content will continue as well.


Chapter Sixteen: Secrets… Decisions… And more trouble

Shocked, Gajeel blinked. "Why the fuck would she do such a thing? That's insane!" He gulped down his orange juice. "Why take out her own heart?" Levy couldn't speak. Too shock to even respond to the new information she just received and continued to stare at Moerie. Gajeel continued his angry rant. "What sort of bullshit…!"

Moerie raised the book. "Because in this book…" He gritted his teeth and hating himself for it. "There is a spell that I created a long time ago that could imprisoned someone's heart. Alter it to whatever the caster's desire. Vigio wanted to use this curse to change Sulma's feelings for me so that she would love him. To prevent it, Sulma removed her heart and sent me away along with it." He took a deep breath and let it out slow. "Ten years have passed. Sulma and I found a way to stay connected but only for a short time every day."

"Why only for a short time?" Levy asked curiously as she reached for the bread inside the basket, her body finally reached its limit and required nutrition. Her glass magically filled itself with orange juice. "Once a day?"

"Her magical power is very limited in her current state so she's not using too much of it." Moerie explained, he took a piece of buttered toast and took a bite. "So, you need her tears." Gajeel and Levy nod their heads. "Good luck with that… Sulma isn't one to show her emotions. She… Feisty…" He smiled before picking up his mug of steaming hot coffee. "I'll be talking to her today and mention your arrival."

"Thank you." Levy smiled. She turned to Gajeel. "If we leave before noon, we will reach the village by sundown and can head over the shore tomorrow." Excited, she took a bite of her bread as she turned to face Gajeel. "I hope that she would understand the situation that we are in and help us."

"I'll explain everything to her properly and then, it's up to her to decide whether she helps you on not." Moerie said, a book appeared before him and he smiled before standing up. "Make yourselves at home and relax. You are free to wonder around the house." Before he could take a step, he turned to Levy. "If you wish, Mrs. -."

"No need to be formal, Moerie-san. Please, call me Levy." Levy smiled at him.

"Well, then, Levy-san." Moerie chuckled. "If you so desire, you have my permission to look around my library. You look like the type who enjoys them like I do." He then bowed. "I'll be in my study for a while." The minute he took a step forward, he vanished before the couples eyes.

Gajeel frowned. "Well, fuck!" He straighten his back and leaned against his chair. "Why can't he walk out like any normal person?"

Levy giggled. "I'm sure he can but I believe he is just have his way of things." She picked up an orange and began peeling the skin. "I'm excited to go into his library." She separated each one before turning to face Gajeel. "You should have seen it last night. It was beautiful. So many books, they were all so old and full of knowledge -!"

Gajeel watched her talk and couldn't help but admire the glow that seem to surround her. The more she talked, her excitement increased and he had to smile. "Gihi. Shrimp, your face is turning pink for being excited. Calm down, the damn library isn't going anywhere."

"I know but I can't help but get excited!" Levy felt like bouncing but held herself back and popped a piece of orange in her mouth. "What are you going to do for a while?"

"Nap." Gajeel smirked.

Levy giggled as she offered him a piece of orange with two fingers. "I'm going to enjoy reading until lunch time."

Gajeel accepted the fruit, his tongue touched her fingers and licked away the juice. The gesture was innocent enough but it sent delightful sensation all over Levy's body. Gajeel grinned, aware of the crimson color creeping its way on the girls face. "Gihi. Come get me when you're done?"

For a minute, Levy couldn't reply fast enough and end up stuttering. "O-ok… I w-will." They continued finishing their breakfast. One feeling warm while the other grinned from ear to ear.


A few hours passed, Moerie blinked and rubbed his tired eyes from reading his book. Moving away from his desk, he found a hot cup of tea waiting on the table across from him. He smiled. "Thank you, dearies, I think I'll take a break." He left his study and found himself at the entrance of his library. There on the middle of the room, sitting alone on the chair, is Levy. An open book before her and deep in thought at something she read. "The book of Cornelius Grodon, the Philosopher. He believed that our world is connected to another and few others, that everything has an answer. Others have called him mad and foolish but I found him interesting." Moerie chuckled. "That book, is the only one in the world. He gave it to me before he went traveling to the new world. That was two decades ago."

Levy smiled. "He has a lot of personality." She used one of the elegant looking bookmark shape of a feather with colorful designs. "This book talked about our world. Many of these places, I've never seen or heard before. He made it sound so beautiful."

"Yes, I've seen many of these places myself and they are. Many of them are untouched and preserved from human eyes. Grodon-san was a very exceptional man but many did not agree nor appreciate his talents. When all those old jabbers sits inside their studies, Grodon is out there in the vast wide world of ours. Experiencing everything and anything he could get his hands on." Moerie smiled, "A good man."

"You found friendship with him." Levy observed Moerie's face, calm and sincere. "He was a mentor to you."

"Yes, he was." Moerie walked in the room and approached the table. "Grodon-san was someone I can relate to and we talked for hours. He shared his adventures and studies with me which inspired me to travel." The glow on his eyes slightly vanished a little. "I met Sulma a little after he and I parted ways. Wish they could have met. Sulma would have enjoyed his company."

"Did Vigio-san knew him?" Levy curiously asked.

Moerie put down his half-finished cup on the table, a sad smile on his face. "Yes, he did. Virgio was actually part of the Wilmar's ship crew. So, we knew each other for a long time." He sighed and stayed quite for a little while. "Truthfully, Virgio met Sulma first and the three of us began to spend more time together but in the end, Sulma chose me. I wished I listened to her about Virgio's interest in her and maybe the three of us would have talked it all out." Moerie sighed for the second time. "Well, it's a little too late for that isn't? What's done is done and this is where it lead us."

Levy didn't want to interrupt. Moerie seemed to have lost himself and shared some of his secrets. "Jealousy is an ugly thing." She decided to say. "It brings out the worst in people."

"Yes, yes it is." Moerie agreed and then looked at the time above the burning fireplace. "Ah, it's almost time." He picked up his cup. "I'll have my lunch in my study but I'll join you both for dinner later tonight." He vanished the minute he took a step forward toward the door.

'He is sad about losing his friend but he is more heartbroken that he can't be with Sulma-san.' Levy observed, she can't help but sigh and looked down at book. Then something hit her. "Lunch?" She blinked, then it all came back to her. "Gajeel!" Standing up really quickly and ran out of the room in a panic.


Gajeel laid in bed, his mind blank and relax. Levy entered the room quietly and found him that way, she smiled and mentally burned the image in her mind. Gajeel, sleeping away with the bunny tucked at the crook of his neck. 'That would have been a nice picture.' She climbed on the bed and crawled closer to the sleeping man. Touching his shoulder, "Gajeel? Wake up. It's time for lunch."

"Hmm-mmm…" Gajeel moaned a little, he yawned but did not open his eyes.

"Gajeel. Wake up." Levy shook his shoulder slightly harder but the man just rolled over to face her. She pressed her lips together to prevent herself from laughing and decided to try again, shaking his shoulder a lot hard this time around. "Gajee-! AH!"

Gajeel's suddenly reached out, pulling her down on the bed with him and tuck the poor girl against his big frame. Levy slightly shrieked. "Eek! G-Gajeel!"

"Nap with me." He said with a grunt, snuggling close to her exposed neck. "Still… sleepy…" He snaked his arm around her waist and pulled her closer to him. "Nap."

"W-what about lunch?" Levy turned scarlet but she no longer struggled to set herself free. Slowly, she wrapped her arms around his waist as well. "I'm sure the fairies won't mind serving us in here."

"No." Gajeel simply said. He closed the gap between them and kissed her softly on the lips. Slow, sweet and not demanding at all. Levy savored the moment and loved every second. When they broke apart, Gajeel kissed the top of her head with a smile. "Nap, we can have lunch later."

'How can I nap after something sweet like that?' Levy felt hot all over, that sensation she never felt before. She'd read something like this in one of her romance novels which is found very appealing. Closing her eyes, she took a deep breath and slowly let it out. "An hour, that's it." She decided.

"Hmm…" Was all Gajeel could say before he drifted off to sleep. Not long after, Levy followed him with a smile on her face.


Inside Moerie's study, he sat behind his table with his lunch and a beautiful seashell mirror before him. It rippled and slowly, an image cleared, revealing a beautiful black haired woman with stunning green eyes. Her pointy scale ears look like a head piece and pearl-white skin shined. The magician smiled loving at her. "Hello, darling, how are you today? You look beautiful."

Sulma smiled, making her more radiant. "Hello, dear, I could be better. And thank you, you look very handsome yourself." She replied happily but her eyes flashed with longing for him but it vanished with a glitter of joy. "And how about you?"

"I could be better. And also, thank you." Moerie replied in the same tone and expression. This was their usual greeting, it was what keeping them from going completely insane, by saying 'I could be better' – they kept the hope that someday, the two of them will be reunited in person. "But I have some news darling."

"Oh?" Sulma's interest peek and stop her hands from reaching for a piece of bread on her table. "And what have you created this time? You didn't blow up the house again did you?"

Moerie smiled, shaking his head. "No, I didn't blow up the house this time. I met some very interesting people yesterday and invited them into the house."

This news shocked Sulma. "Moe, you know you shouldn't allow anyone near you. What if-!"

"Sulma, darling, its fine. These two came all this way to see me themselves and they know about the curse I'm under. They're magicians themselves, from the guild Fairy Tail." Moerie said, "A young scribe and a dragon slayer."

"They're from Fairy Tail?" Sulma, for a moment, forgot herself and her excitement replace her fear. "I watched them last year's tournament. From dead last to first place, their determination amazed me. I was rooting for them, remember? We watched them together."

Moerie nodded his head. "Yes, yes, I remember. They are one amazing guild. They did not allow themselves to lose hope even when many did."

"You said one of the dragon slayer is there. Which one?" Sulma peeled a piece of bread and pop it in her mouth, chewed slowly and swallowed. "The fire user? The shadow user? Or that cute blue haired wind user? She's my favorite, so cute. But the other two are very impressive as well."

"The shadow user." Moerie confirmed. He picked up a slice of cheese and added it to his bread before taking a bite. Savoring the flavor, "Very good cheese. Did you received it, dear? It's delicious."

"Yes, I did and it's almost half way finished." Sulma smiled, she laughed. "It was so delicious I couldn't help myself."

Moerie chuckled, he knew Sulma's weakness to cheese. It was her favorite snack of all time. "Anyway, darling, they're here because of a mission. A request to retrieve something."

Fear returned. "What? Dear, if they're there to take something from you, why did you invite them in?" Sulma panicked. "What were you thinking?"

"Sulma. Sulma. Darling. Calm down." Moerie said in a soothing tone of voice. "They came to me for help. The wind-dragon slayer was poisoned and I was the only one they could turn to for help. I know their story, I am aware of their mission but they know that the chances of them getting it is slim."

"Wait. What?" Sulma blinked, confused. "The wind-user got poisoned? That is something very easy for you once you know what was used to create it."

"Yes, I send the antidote late last night to their healer. The girl will be just fine." Moerie sighed a little, took a sip of his tea. "She will be cured but her strength will take a few days to return."

Sulma sigh in relief. "That's good to hear. They did good to come seek you out for that. What sort of poison was it?"

"Silver roots." Moerie simply replied, his eyes watching Sulma's reaction. "The Crow Guild is after them. Somehow, he lost the book he stolen and is now in the possession of the young scribe. I explained the herb, the book and the curse. There is no deceit nor bad omens, just concern and understanding. They came here with an open mind and try to accept the curse we are both under."

"Let's not talk about him now. It will ruin our lunch." Sulma's eyes fired up but able to calm down. She took a sip of her orange juice and reposition herself, her silver fish tail whisk gracefully aside. "How did they know about me?"

"Their first main objective was to retrieve your tears." Moerie said with a smile. "I told them 'Good luck with that.' And that you're not one to show your emotions to strangers."

Sulma slightly frowned. "Why on earth did you say that? They'll think I'm some sort of a mechanical doll or something." She pouted. "You're so mean to me, darling."

Moerie laughed. "I only speak the truth, dear, no harm done. They wish to come see you in person and ask you for them."

"Why do they need my tears?" Sulma asked, curious.

"I'm not certain but from my understanding, it was a request from a noble but it wasn't just your tears that was on that list." Moerie tried to remember for a moment. "They need the Crystal water from the Kingdom of Caelum. Moon dust from the tower of Bellum. The magical Rosetta flower from Enca. And lastly, your beautiful stone tears."

"That's some collection this noble is requesting. I'm wondering if it's some sort of spell." Sulma chewed on an apple. After a long moment, she made a decision. "Ok, give them passage to my cave. I'll meet with them and decide to help or not."

"Splendid. I'll tell them later at dinner." Moerie smiled, he knew his lady well. Her curiosity gets the best of her but at the same time, he wouldn't just give anyone passage to her. They have to earn his trust which Levy and Gajeel earned. "How about our usual game of chess?"

"Wait… Before that." Sulma slightly fidget on her seat and a lovely blush on her face. "Will they like me?

Moerie smiled lovingly at her. "They'll adore you."

With that said, Sulma smiled. "Let's play."


It was two hours later when Levy woke up from her nap and found herself in a very heated position in bed. Gajeel's face is nested below her breast, arms wrapped around her waist but one of those hand is placed on her left butt cheek, and one leg pressed tightly between hers. Heat spread all over like a massive summer sun and turned her face into Erza's deep red colored hair. 'Whoa… This position is sort of…' She tried to move away but Gajeel's arms kept her locked in and when he released a breath, it tickled her stomach and few other places. This embarrassed her a little but even more so when Gajeel's 'free' hand moved under her shirt and slightly rubbed the exposed skin, raising her shirt up to expose more. Levy had to bit her lip from making any sound but Gajeel's hand continued to gently run his fingers up and down her back, and his other hand suddenly squeezed her butt. "Ahh!" She moaned but quickly covered her mouth.

Another squeeze, it brought shiver all over her body and his other hand continued to rub her back. Slightly, Gajeel move his leg, rubbing everything between Levy's legs and it shot up another set of urge to moan. Unsure whether it was pleasure or shock, she decided to die it both out by keeping her mouth close and covered. Only to lose when the man turned his head and land kisses on her now exposed stomach. "Haa! G-Gajeel!"

Gajeel, eyes still close, and still dead to the world continued to land kisses and rising. Levy wasn't so sure if he was faking it as her free hand grab hold some of his think hair and slightly pull, he didn't even flinched. He face is basically buried between her breast and his breath tickles, she knew if she didn't stop him, it will go somewhere Levy wasn't sure she's ready. As she analyzed her decision, Gajeel was getting bolder and before he could go any further.

*BOOOM*

The explosion was far but it was big enough that it sent that it shook the house. A few things came crashing down to the floor. Gajeel snapped out of his dream-state sleep, blinking twice and got up. "What the fuck was that!?" He stared at Levy, blinked. "What happed to you?"

"N-nothing. I just got hot." She smiled, thanking whoever is watching her. Levy sat up, fixing herself a little by pulling her top down. "I don't know what happened but it was a massive explosion just now..."

"Let's go find the magician and -!" Gajeel got cut off mid-sentence.

A fairy appeared before them.
"Ma'am and Sir. Please, follow me to the library!"


Levy and Gajeel blinked at the sight of the tiny figure with beautiful pink and yellow wings but they didn't have time to admire, they got off the bed and ran toward the door. Levy returned for the bunny that was bouncing on the bed, she caught him midair and ran back out. They followed the fairy and found themselves in the library. Moerie had Levy's magical bag in hand as he put two books inside, he turned in time to see them entered the room. "We're under attack it seems. It's time for the two of you to continue your way to Midii."

"We will stay and fight with you." Levy offered. "We can take them."

Gajeel stared at the magician and to the open door behind him. There was nothing but darkness. "What the hell are you planning? Face them alone?"

Moerie handed Levy her bag. "All of my friend Grodon's work is inside your bag and a few more that you might enjoy, I recommend them. The door behind me will lead you straight up to the abandoned house just a mile away from the South Village check point. The Crow members can't enter, Vigio does not believe women have any power so all of his members are men. Sulma already gave you both permission to go see her." He handed Levy a silver long stem feather. "Take this, this is your key to enter the barrier I set up, don't lose it."

"What about you?" Levy's eyes screamed that she didn't want to leave Moerie on his own to face the Crow guild. "We should stay and help you."

"Do not worry about me. I'll send you a message when it's clear, one of my fairies will go to you." Moerie patted the girl's head, he pulled her in for a hug and whispered into her ear. "Don't hold yourself back. Allow what is natural and you two will find happiness."

Levy blinked and looked up to him when he released her. Moerie turned to Gajeel. "Protect her, she's special."

"I'll beat any shithead who goes near her." Gajeel frowned, not liking the idea of leaving. "Those fuckers, don't let them get near you."

"Don't plan to." Moerie smiled. "Now go, I'll close the door behind you."

The couple look at each other before nodding and ran toward the door. Moerie watched them disappeared before closing the door and it vanished in thin air. "Now then, let us go see to our intruders."

He walked out the library and down the hall toward the front of the house. His eyes focused on the source and found his trespassers, he frowned. "So, he came along to this trip…"


Miles away, Vigio Malvore, blonde hair and angry gray eyes. He stood at the opened path of the forest which is now in ruin and burnt. Tense, in rage and agitated that he can't seem to locate the magician. "Too much damn magic. Burn it all down!"

His men spilled out more gasoline into the ground, a few placed gun powder and the animals ran away, disappearing once out of sight.


Back at the house, Moerie gave out his orders. "Don't let them get near out home. Stop them at all cost but please, don't allow them to see you." The gentle glow of the fairies turned red, one by one their color change until the house is filled with them. "It's time to return some of the favor."

End of Chapter Sixteen…


A/U Notes: Happy New Year everyone! Thank you for reading! I appreciate all the reviews! Let's do great this year!

>