

The Scribe and The Dragon

By Evalynn

Rated: M [Sexual content – you all have been advised]


Author's Note: I do not own 'Fairy Tail' or any of its main characters. I'll try and stay within their usual personality as much as possible. Please, do not bash me; my grammar sucks. Enjoy the story and yes, sexual content will continue as well.

A/N: Thank you all for the reviews and patiently waiting! I really appreciate all of the support! Thank you for the reviews!


Chapter Thirty-One: Queen Titania

The night sky illuminates the flames which turned into an inferno. Jorge struggled throughout his capture which earned him a nice, round black and blue on his right eye from Lucy. The rest of the Blue crew members have been securely checked and tied up.

Natsu joined Gray on the Lavender ship which the ice-man have created an ice prison for his captures. Juvia made a water prison especially for Hoar who is screaming his discomfort and empty threats. Gray covered his water prison with his ice, muting him.

"You can't kill him." Natsu reminded Gray with a smirk. "Though they never said not to torment them."

Gray didn't reply, his eyes fix on Duran with full of hate. "I want to wring his neck…" He gritted his teeth, clenched his fist and ice began to form under his feet. "I'll bury him in ice…" Juvia walked up behind Gray and put a hand on his shoulder. Absentmindedly, Gray reached over for her hand without looking at her.

Natsu took a step beside his friend. "I want a piece of him too…" He admitted.

"Don't try to piss me off Natsu…" Gray frowned deeper. "He…" He stopped himself.

Juvia gently lean against him. "Gray-sama…"

Natsu didn't need to hear the rest, he understood. "Wendy and Juvia weren't the only ones who got attacked, Gray…"

That got his attention, Gray turned his head to look at Natsu. "Lucy…"

"A week after we meet up with Gajeel and Levy, they attacked us on our way back." Natsu shared, a fire sparked on his fingertips. "IF they keep stalling, I'm just gonna go."

"You won't be alone…" Gray swear he patted Juvia's hand before letting go. "Juvia, go ahead to the main boat with these assholes, don't get near them."

"Yes, Gray-sama." Juvia said, she moved away from them, her fingers trailed on Gray's back before she made her way toward the edge of the boat, her prisoner floating behind her.

Natsu crossed his arms against his chest, his frown directed at Duran. "Let's see how they progress with him, right now, we have to make sure none of these jerks get away."

"Looks like Erza is making her way to the Black crew ship," Gray said, he took his eyes off Duran for a minute, spotting Erza fighting a group of the Black crew on their main ship. "They're not going to last…"

"Nope." Natsu agreed.


Ezra defeated her obstacles with no effort. Her goal only a few meters away and their futile attempts to slow her down is useless, the Black Crew Captain Harold is her enemy tonight. 'These villains must be stopped at all cost without sacrificing any of ours on our side!' She raised her sword and violently swung, sending more men flying and off their ships. "Out of my way!"

'5 meters to go!' Erza estimated, her eyes on the prize but she felt something off. She slowed down her speed, as if cautious for any sudden movement from those who are timidly approaching her from all sides. Her eyes on Harold, the man hasn't moved from his position and he seemed to relax, too relaxed. 'He is up to something…'

For years, Erza expertly harnesses her skills; to perform well and succeed on any task that was given to her. This mission was none different from the others, Erza plans to rise up to the challenge. "Requip: Heaven's Wheel Armor!"

Five meters away, Harold raised his sword and aimed it at Erza. "FIRE!"

At his signal, the sound of the firing of cannons took Erza by surprise. With the impact, the red-haired fairy closed her eyes but managed to stay afloat. Opening her eyes, she found herself enveloped in vaporous blue smoke. "What kind of enchantment is this?"

Erza couldn't hear any sounds from any directions. Slashing her sword through the smoke, it did nothing but turn the blue fog thicker. 'I see…' Taking a breather to calm herself, she raised both arms wide and twirled in a circle at rapid speed causing a small tornado.

The black crew stood in astonishment as they witness the blue fog dissolve into nothing, freeing the beautiful red-haired fairy from its misty prison. Many of the men voluntary jumped overboard, a few dozen remained, ready to attack.

Harold sighed, he turned to his first mate. "Get the casters ready, we're about done here."

"Aye, Cap't!" The man nodded before rushing off. He shouted orders to the rest of his mates who immediately took actions.

Another Black ship exploded, screams could be heard and the smell of burning wood filled the atmosphere. Harold turned his attention back to the charging Fairy, sword ready and feeling a little excited. Slashing downward, iron steel clashed against iron steel, he came face to face with the Queen of the Fairies. "Well now, you're nothing more than a girl who hasn't reached her potential growth…" Amused at the frown he received. "A child like you has yet to experience being an adult."

"Don't mock me, villain!" Annoyed, Erza multiplies charged him with her sword which Harold expertly dodge and guarded, returning each blow with the same effort. "I hate to admit that your swordsmanship is admirable…" Her frown deepened. "But I will defeat you!"

Harold let out a laugh. "Your temperament is amusing, child. I feel that your mates fairly see this sort of behavior from you." He sweeps his sword before slashing but as he expected, the fairy dodges it with ease. "This sort of act isn't your Guilds forte. What sort of bounty does the Government have over your heads?"

"None, we voluntarily offered our aid to stop this monstrosity!" Erza snapped angrily. "It is an injustice that you and your kind would action human lives as if they are cattle's in the market! Not only that!" She made a stab and swiftly slash then sweep before crushing down her sword at Harold. "Duran attacked my friends, injuring them to the point where they could have lost their lives! We seek justice as a whole! You mess with one Fairy, you mess with us all!"

Harold charged; sweeping his sword before bashing but each move have been blocked. A glint of light from the corner of his eye caught his attention, he smiled before taking three steps backward. "Well, I know for certain that my men have not done any wrong doings nor have they been ordered to attack anyone but that's not why you're here. You are here to catch me, dead or alive."

"Your line of work ends here!" Erza charged, thrusting her sword forward before changing position and swing her weapon left. Successfully unarmed Harold, his sword violently spin across the boat and pointedly hit the door of the cabin. "Surrender!"

Harold raised both his hand on either side of his head, a small smile on his face. "You are one brave little girl, Fairy." He tilts his head to the left. "This ambush of your land-loving people is humiliating and I blame Duran for his incompetence. Let me tell you something, Fairy child."

Erza's eyes narrowed, she aimed the tip of her sword at Harold's neck but did not reply.

"Duran's plan was to sell those girls to earn credit as part of his contribution so that he could be part of the Black Market but as you can see, he failed." Harold took a step back.

"Don't take another step, I was ordered to catch you alive and that's exactly what I intend to do." Erza took a step forward. "Don't make this any harder on yourself or to your crew."

"I tend to save my crew, Miss Fairy." Harold lowered his arms, closing his eyes. "And myself."

"W-what-!" Erza was cut off when a set of canons were fired from all directions, enveloped with gray mist, she lost sight of Harold. "You fiend! You can't escape!"

"Oh but I assure you we will," Harold replied, an amused tune on his voice. "So long, Miss Fairy, until next we meet again…"

Once more, Erza raised both her arms wide and twirled in max speed. The mist dissolved and to her surprise, Harold is gone, so are the rest of his surviving ships and crew. "What in the world!?" She turned on every direction and found no retreating ships, no sign of it. Like they just – her eyes widen. "Teleportation spells…"

Natsu and Grey rushed their way toward her using Grey's ice magic. "ERZA!" The boys called out.

Erza turned to look at them, her expression still in shock. "They teleported."

"We saw that." Grey was half astonished and amused that someone actually successfully escaped the Queen of the Fairies wrath. "From where we were, a magic circle appeared below their ships after the mist. This was their escape route if anything funky happens."

"Figured." Erza dissolved her transformation and returned to her Knight Armor. "Damn, one got away."

"No worries, we got everyone else," Natsu assured her. "The authorities will catch him one way or another. Our group has everyone tied up, locked up and they're not going anywhere."

"Who took down the Grey Crew?" Erza asked.

"They vanished too," Gray said, dishearten and annoyed. "Elfman and his team went after them but they also have an escape route, the big guy is over there angry with himself."

"Let's get back to the others. Gajeel, Moerie-san and Vigio-san should be ready now." Erza instructed before running on the ice bridge, followed by Natsu and Gray. "Set up around the premises. Don't allow any of them to escape."

"Roger that!" The boys replied excitedly.


Gajeel cracked his knuckles, he grinned as he jumped on to the bridge of the ship. "Everything's set. What about you two?"

"I'm almost done." Moerie flipped through his notebook before putting it away. "We need to end this before the sun rises, no more time to waste."

"Are you going to be alright, Moerie?" Sulma glided over to touch his cheeks with both her hands, she turned his head to face her. "Don't get hurt."

"Aye, my lady." Moerie smiled at her. "I'm just going to let loose just a tiny bit and teach that bastard a lesson." Moerie's gentle expression turned sinister that Sulma smiled widely, causing the crowd around them to be frightened.

Mari is in between amused and frightened, walked over to her unaffected husband and lace her fingers with his. "I assume that the two of them are like this?"

"Yes." Vigio sighed, a small smile on his face. "They tend to get into trouble together."

"They're very close," Mari said, now completely amused how Moerie playfully pinched Sulma's nose. "No matter long and far they've been apart, they love each other."

Vigio put an arm around his wife's shoulder, kissed the top of her head. "We will have our own happy ever after, just wait until this is over."

Mari looked up to him with a genuine smile. "I've been patient all this time, a little more wouldn't hurt. Don't get too injure and be careful."

Canons were fired and a frenzy of screams coming from the other ships. Gajeel jumped off the board, Juvia assisting him, creating a water bridge towards one of the ships that are being attacked. "LEVY!"

Levy, who joined Elfman, Evergreen and Cana steadied themselves as the ship crumbled under their feet. Many of the villagers jumped off ships, few are still trying to help those who didn't move out of the way on time and are now trapped under the rubbles.

"Move out of the way!" Elfman transformed both his arms, he grab the edges of the fallen planks and lift up. "MOVE! GET OUT!"

The trapped men rushed out, a few had to help two injured mates but everyone was alive. "We need to get out of here, now! He is going to fire a-!"


BOOM



BOOM



BOOM


"IN COMING!" One of the villagers shouted then he and the rest jumped off ships. Leaving the Fairies on board to protect the rest who couldn't escape on time.

"If we don't stop those cannon balls from impacting with the ship, those who are in the water will get seriously get injured," Levy said, preparing herself to cast. "Script Magic: Iron Wall!"

Evergreen removed her glasses, her eyes glimmered. "This jerk just won't give up." She turned one of the cannon balls into stones which dropped into the sea with a splash.

Elfman jumped, he took out the remaining two by punching them, and it exploded in midair. "Take that!"


BOOM


"Damn it!" Elfman made his way down, his reaction slow. "He fired another one!"

"IRON FIST!" Gajeel punched the incoming cannon, it exploded midair. He landed just a foot away from the group. "LEVY! Are you alright?"

A sigh of relief escape the blue fairy's lips, she smiled. "Gajeel! Thank you!"

"Get the hell away from here and rejoin the others!" Gajeel instructed sternly to the villagers before turning his attention to his Guild mates. "We're about ready to attack the asshole. Get into positions like we talked about."

Elfman, Evergreen and Cana nodded their heads before running off into different locations, Levy blinked in confusion. She turned to face Gajeel. "Did I miss something?"

Gajeel took two long strides, wrapped an arm around her waist and pulled her in for a deep kiss. His lips linger, nibbling her lower lip before releasing her. "Moerie explained everything to Sulma and Mari, go join them, they'll explain everything to you."

Dazed from the kiss, Levy nodded her head. "Ok, be careful."

Moerie and Vigio arrived, they gave the couple some space and waited until Levy stepped away from Gajeel. The blue fairy smiled at the pair before dashing off. "Good luck!" She used her magic to levitate herself to the other ship.

They waited until Levy was safe before they faced Duran, only eight meters, which was perfectly fine. Gajeel cups his chin with his left hand and push, cracking any kinks on his neck and did the same with his right. "Alright, let's do this!"

"Remember the plan," Vigio said, his fist began to glow. "Duran is an assassin by trade so be careful with his hands. Remove that collar off him, then his ours."

"Great! Easy, don't get killed." Gajeel taunted, he ran forward and jumped. "Good thing we're not the types that lay down and die!" Vigio followed, Moerie not too far behind.

"Duran favors his daggers, so be ready to dodge at any time," Vigio advised. "They're also poisonous so don't get hit by it!"

Ice craters merged from the ocean, Gray and Juvia's works. Gajeel sense the pair are nearby. "The Grey and Black crew got away, Mr. Kobayani said that his crew got a whiff of their scent and followed them west."

"Hopefully they'll be successful arresting them before they get deeper into the sea," Moerie said, trying to be optimism about the escapees, he turned to Vigio. "The Gray crew, that was…"

"Harold." Vigio confirmed with a nod. "Yeah, that was him."

"You knew the guy?" Gajeel said in shock.

"We were in the same ship crew back in the day," Moerie informed sadly. "I didn't believe he would turn the other way."

"Apparently he was scouted from the eastern border a few years back; challenged the previous captain and won, now he runs the operation on both land and sea." Vigio shook his head. "Despite not hearing any serious crimes they've committed, they stay below the radar so no one really knows what sort of dealings he makes."

"Focus!" Gajeel snapped the pair from their memory lane. "1 meter!" Only a few jumps later, they landed on to Duran's ship.

The sub-crow captain spits to the side before snarling at the trio. "You three are too damn ignorant to know your limit."

"We're about to show you how ignorant we are." Gajeel gritted his teeth. "You're going to pay for attacking my guild."

Duran withdraws eight daggers from his sleeves, crunching down a little with a sinister smile. "You want some of this? I doubt the three of you would be enough to even scratch me!"

"I wouldn't be too sure of that Duran." Vigio taunts with a smile. "You see, the Fairy Tail Guild would like your head on a stake for attacking their members and causing a few of them to get hurt." He made a small circle motion with his head. "We're here to collect."

Duran laughed, his daggers glowed purple. "I would like to see you try! I've killed more people than any of you combined."

"Then let's dance!" Gajeel was first to charge. "IRON DRAGON FIST!"

End of Chapter Thirty-One…


N/A: Thank you all for the patience! Schools out! I can focus again! Until next time!

>