

Cheap Thrills

"Yeeeeeah! Yeah! Whoooo!" the exclamation sounded throughout the hallways of the huge mansion. As a maid, Dorothy Wayneright was dressed in the appropriate attire, and began making her rounds in each of the bedrooms to check for abandoned dishes. She hit Roger's room last, coming out later with four plates, two balanced on each arm, and six mugs in her small but extremely flexible hands. Another high-pitched whoop pierced the still air further down the hall. When the android passed by the entertainment room, she found out where all that noise was coming stopped in her tracks. There, on the couch, sat Roger Smith, Paradigm City's Top Negotiator, all hunched over in great concentration, working on his... video game. The stench of whiskey swirled from his mouth and through the room. His large hands grasped the controller as he huffed and puffed at the flat screen television.

"C'mon, C'MAAAAHN... MISSION COMPLETE, BABY!"

He tossed the black controller over his head, and it landed at Dorothy's dainty, high-heeled feet.

"Roger, I wish you wouldn't shatter the peace like this," she repled flatly. Roger turned around swiftly and snapped,

"Hey man, this is Big Time Car Stealer. How am I supposed to be quiet when I-" he turned back to the screen and shouted,

"Aw, shit! I wrecked the cop car. Damn! I have to keep up a new streak now."

Dorothy nudged the controller forward with her small, pointed toe and Roger picked up where he left off. She continued to the kitchen and began placing each dish into the dish washer. A while later, a cacophonous shout of frustration shot through her sensitive ears. Nearby, Roger threw his hands in the air and shrieked for a good seven seconds,

"Aah, FUUUUUUUUUUUUCK! I was soooooo close!"

Roger fake-sobbed into his hands for an added effect and hunched over on the black leather couch.

"Uuuuh huh huh huh huh huh!" he cackled dramatically. Dorothy's petite frame loomed over the distraught Negotiator. She only narrowed her dark eyes and said,

"You're a hopeless video game addict, Roger Smith."

She strode away, her little black heels clicking with every step. The man calmed down enough to catch a quick glimpse of her small, shapely rump. Much to his surprise, the red head looked over her shoulder and said,

"You can look, but you can't touch."

She gave him a flirtateous smirk. Roger hurriedly switched the game off and frowned at her.

"How is that possible? You're a babe, R. Dorothy Wayneright! You know- you know- you know what? C'mere, I'll touch ya."

He put his hands out like claws, but Dorothy said,

"Eat your heart out, Roger Smith."

Then she disappeared. Roger noticed his genitals grow in size soon after the encounter. He folded his arms behind his head and sighed,

"Aaaaaah. Someday..." His eyelids soon grew heavier, then he drifted off to sleep.

>