


Five years later...


Sonic was walking through a church graveyard as he searched for his father's grave, holding a blue rose in his hand as he searched. He soon found himself in a familiar place of the graveyard, and searched for the black marble gravestone that bared his father's name in gold writing.


Here lies Charles the Hedgehog



A caring father



A loving husband



A selfless hero



He fought for us all, and he lived for us all.


"You know," Sonic spoke, "every time I read this, I think about how true it might be for me one day. About how much of a hero you were. And yet... I hardly knew you. I didn't know a thing about you until I was 19. How messed up is that?" Sonic chuckled to himself. "But you showed me how to be a man more than anybody else I've ever known. I miss you, dad."

The blue hedgehog failed to fight back a tear that trickled down from his left eye as he placed the rose on his father's gravestone. He then placed a hand on the rose that he placed among the four other ones from the four previous years of visiting the grave on the anniversary of his father's death, and spoke a small prayer to himself before sighing and turning to walk back home. He kept his head down as he walked, and just outside the gates, he looked up to and saw someone who he hadn't seen in several months.

"Scourge?" he asked. "What are you doing here?"

The green hedgehog smiled. "What? I can't stop by and see my old friend?"

Sonic shook his head and smirked. "What happened? I thought you and Rosy were in Mexico taking down that big terrorist?"

"We were," Scourge said. "Then it turned out that he was just a fake. The real terrorist actually committed suicide several years ago. We just had to deal with a crazy fan-boy who found some old tapes and dressed up like him. But I will say that, even though it was just some loon, his soldiers were pretty tough."

Sonic walked out of the gate and gave Scourge a big hug, which was returned. They pulled back from it with a smile and Sonic scratched his head as he looked around for something. Scourge noticed this and grew curious.

"What's up, dude?"

"It's my hover-board," the blue hedgehog answered. "I left it right..." He then heard the mischievous laughter of what sounded like a little girl. He smiled to himself. He looked up and saw Erica floating by on the hover-board, riding it carefully and smiling as she slowed down next to Sonic, who shook his head and spoke. "I should have known you would have had something to do with it!"

Erica giggled, and then laughed as Sonic picked her up and kissed her on the cheek. "Hehe! Sorry, daddy. I just missed you."

The blue hedgehog father shook his head. "I'm guessing that your mother had some sort of involvement in this?"

"Why, whatever are you talking about?" asked a voice from further away, feigning an innocent tone before adding a chuckle at the end.

Sonic looked up at his beautiful pink hedgehog wife. After five years of marriage and another daughter, she looked drop dead gorgeous as always as she wore a striking red dress. On her left holding her hand was their second daughter Zoe, with pink fur a few shades lighter than Amy's, and Zoe, like Erica, wore a miniature version of her mom's dress.

"Hello, gorgeous," Sonic said as Amy approached him. He leaned over and gave her a kiss on the lips, which she returned with a smile.

"Hi yourself," Amy replied. "Did everything go okay here?" she asked, gesturing to the church.

"Yeah. It sucks that the rest of the family couldn't make it since they're getting dressed for Tails and Cream's barbecue," Sonic admitted.

Scourge froze. "Uh... that's today?"

Amy gave him a curious look. "Yes. Did you forget?"

Scourge scratched his head. "Well... forget is such a strong word..."

Sonic smiled. "Why not just go and put on your fancy G.U.N. commissioner uniform?"

"I left it at home..." the green hedgehog admitted. "And besides, I just got back home from a long time away."

"Speaking of home, how is Rosy?" Amy asked.

"Ah, she's fine. And I have news regarding our relationship."

"Do tell," Sonic said as Erica kissed him on the cheek, giggling.

"Well, I've officially moved all of my stuff out of my old room at G.U.N. and moved it all into our house. I actually finished unpacking the last box not long before I came out to see you."

"Oh yeah," Amy said with a chuckle. "I meant to ask, but how did you know that Sonic was here?"

"Well, after I finished with the box back home, Rosy started getting ready for the barbecue, so I decided to walk around and say hi to some of the people here when I got word from Silver that Sonic came to visit this church."

Sonic smiled at the green hedgehog G.U.N. commissioner. "Thanks for coming, man. And double thanks for making it back from Mexico in time."

"Eh, no problem," Scourge replied. He then felt his phone buzz in his pocket, and pulled it out to answer it. "Hello? Oh, hey sweetie! Yeah, I'm on my way back now... oh, did you? Thanks! Yeah, I'll be there in a few. All right. I love you too, baby."

Amy smiled as Scourge put his phone back. "What was that all about?"

"Oh, Rosy managed to get my suit all clean. I didn't even know that it was dirty in the first place."

Zoe tugs at her mother's hand. "Mama?"

Amy looked down. "Yes, sweetie?"

"Can you pick me up like daddy is picking Ewica up?"

The pink hedgehog mother chuckled. "Of course I can," she said, picking Zoe up and kissing her on the nose, earning a giggle from her. "You know, both of you girls are cute as a button..."

"They get it from you," Sonic commented.

"And what do they get from you?" Scourge asked Sonic.

"Hmm..."

Erica touched her blue hedgehog father's chin and stroked it. "We get his fluffiness!"

Sonic chuckled and tickled Erica back. "Yes you do!"

"Just be careful that you don't get too much fur on your suit," Amy said to Sonic.

"I will." He then put Erica up on his shoulders and smiled. "Come on, let's get to the barbecue."

"And I had better get myself back to my loving wife," Scourge said, half-sarcastically and half-serious. "I'll see you guys there in a bit."

"Catch you later," Sonic replied.


Meanwhile, at Tails and Cream's house...


The yellow fox was using a pair of tongs to flip a couple burgers over so their other side could cook, and he smiled as he saw all of his friends and their children playing as they waited for the food. He felt a hug from behind, smiling as his cream and orange rabbit wife pressed her nose into his back.

"It's so nice that you're doing this for Sonic," Cream spoke.

Tails smiled. "Well, I know how hard this time of year is for him. I figured that I'd try to make him feel a bit better about it."

Cream walked around from behind Tails and smiled up at him. "I'm glad that you two are still best friends, even with all the stuff that happened all that time ago."

Tails smiled. "Eh, there's no reason to dwell on that. It was almost a decade ago now. And besides, I'm more than happy to do this for him."

"And?"

"And I'm glad that you helped think up barbecue when I was thinking about taking him to an amusement park or something," Tails admitted with a chuckle.

Cream kissed him on the cheek before walking over to hers and Tails' daughter Colette, who was sat on a chair nearby at a table and smiled. "Hi there, my little lady."

"Hi, mama!" said Colette excitedly. She looked more like her mother than she did Tails, but she had her father's eyes.

Cream picked up her daughter and kissed her on the nose, making her giggle. "Aw, you're so cute..."

"And I'm going to be as smart as daddy one day!" Colette replied.

"Yes you will," Cream said, tapping Colette on the nose.

"You know," Tails said, "we should try to get her to go to school. She is getting old enough now, and since Mighty's the principal again after all that stuff that happened, I think she'll get by just fine. But it's not like she needs it." He then turned to both Cream and Colette. "You're both way smarter than me," said Tails, chuckling. "And you're both way cuter. I'm glad that I got you two."

Cream covered her daughter's ears so she could speak with Tails, but the daughter didn't mind it. "I'm just glad that Scourge and Rosy managed to get rid of all of Eggman's stuff back at the school. It is a bit of a shame that Antoine's not running it any more, but it's okay."

Tails smiled. "I know what you mean. But on the bright side, Omega and that big robot got to run the show at the time. That was pretty cool."

Cream giggled and let go of Colette's ears before walking over to her yellow fox husband, and Colette leaned over to kiss his cheek. "I love you, daddy."

"I love you too," Tails replied. He then spoke to the others around him. "All right... who wanted the burgers?"

"That would be me," said Knuckles. He got up and walked over to the barbecue, picking up a plate of burgers from the table near the yellow fox. He smiled and took it back to Shade, sitting down next to her. "Here you go, my sweet. One burger for you, one for each of our boys, and three for me."

Rocky, who looked the spitting image of Knuckles, looked up at his red echidna father. "How come you only let me and Onyx eat one burger each?"

"Because you're growing boys," said Shade. "But if you tried to eat too much at once, you could get sick."

Onyx, who had fur a shade or two darker than his twin, put his hands on his stomach. "I don't want to get sick..."

Shade nodded. "Then just one burger," she said, leaning down and kissing Onyx's head. She then turned to her pram on her side to see a small female echidna resting in it. She looked like Shade, but her fur was slightly darker and her hair was shorter. "And nothing for our little Amber..."

"Unless they make really, really tiny burgers," Knuckles said with a chuckle.

"Or burger flavoured milk!" said Rocky through a mouthful of burger.

"Hey, eat your food before speaking," Knuckles said. "And also, that sounds like a good idea."

Shade giggled at her red echidna husband's words and leaned over to rest her head on his shoulder. "I swear that our boys get their attitude from you."

Knuckles giggled too. "Speaking of attitudes, do you think Cloud is going to be an airhead just like his dad?"

Shade smiled and looked over to see Cloud who was sat next to his green hawk father, and he held a toy plane and he flew it around in circles, giggling to himself. Wave came by and sat down next her son as she put a plate of hot-dogs down for them all to share.

"I think so," the orange echidna answered. "But maybe he'll be as smart as his mom too."

Meanwhile, Jet smiled down at his son. "You really like planes, huh?"

Cloud nodded enthusiastically. "Yeah!" he said happily, flying the toy plane around more. "Whoosh! Whoo!"

Wave giggled. "Yep, he's certainly your son," she said to Jet, chuckling. "Besides looking like you, he certainly acts like you already."

Before Jet could reply, Cloud looked up and saw his friend Drake walking over to him. The young green hawk whooshed around with his plane again and smiled at his black and red hedgehog friend before putting his toy down and speaking.

"Hi, Drake!"

"Hi, Cloud," Drake replied.

"What are you doing over here?"

"Oh, I just wanted to know if you wanted to play cars with me?"

Wave smiled. "I'm sure that he would, but he's got to eat."

"And so does he," said Rouge, walking over and picking up her son. "Such a little troublemaker, aren't you?" she teased him.

"What?" Drake said innocently. "I'm not that bad... am I?"

"Have you seen your father?" Jet asked, smirking.

"I heard that, bird-boy!" Shadow jokingly said from his seat as he held his and Rouge's three-and-a-half year old daughter Luna, who looked every bit like Rouge, but her fur was a pale grey colour and she had red eyes. "You're lucky that I'm weighed down by a small bundle of adorableness."

"I'm not small," said Luna. "I'm going to be big and stwong! Wike mama!"

"But you're still adorable," said Blaze, sat across from Shadow. She was bouncing her two-year-old son, Isaac, on her lap, and he smiled up at his father as he ruffled Isaac's head and smiled in reply.

"Do you think that we should have an adorableness contest between all of our kids?" Silver asked.

"I like that idea, but we all know that Erica would win it," Blaze replied.

"I don't know," Rouge said as she came over. "Amber's a pretty cute little girl. Erica could have some competition."

"And Heather is a very pretty girl," added Silver, looking over to see the small human daughter sat with her father Henry as they played rock paper scissors.

"And don't forget that Marshall, despite being closer to our age, is ridiculously fluffy," said Wave as she walked over. "Fluffy helps."

"That it does," said Shadow, stroking behind Luna's ear. "But my little Luna will always be my girl."

The grey bat daughter smiled and leaned her head into Shadow's petting, and she started to purr. "Of course I will be, daddy."

"What am I? Chopped liver?" Drake asked.

Rouge giggled and kissed the top of his head. "You'll always be our little man."

Tails chuckled as he overheard all of the conversation, and then he heard the sound of the doorbell. He turned to Cream, who nodded and took over on the barbecue. Tails took off his apron and gave it to her to where while he went to the front door. He opened it, and smiled as he saw Sonic and the others.

"Hey, glad you could make it," the yellow fox said, pulling his blue hedgehog best friend into a hug. When the hug was over, Tails looked at Scourge and Rosy. "No offence, but you're back sooner than I expected."

"Eh, it was just some nut-job," Scourge said. "But let's not talk about work. I'm hungry."

"I hope you like hot-dogs, because they're next up," Tails said with a chuckle before turning around to walk back outside. "Beers are in the fridge if you want one, and everyone else is out in the backyard."

Rosy giggled, and turned to Scourge. "I'm glad that you managed to get back home to get dressed."

Scourge smiled. "I'm glad that you cleaned my suit for me," he said, gesturing to his clothes. He then turned to Sonic and Amy. "And thank you guys for waiting on us."

"Hey, it's cool. It didn't take you guys too long to get yourselves sorted anyway, so it's no biggie." Sonic said. "So, how is married life treating you two so far?"

"Not bad," Rosy replied. "I just wish that our honeymoon didn't wind up being another work-related week."

Amy giggled. "Ah, yes. Two months away on a cruise full of romance, then one of your newly created robots goes crazy in the lab and you're called in to stop it."

"I still can't believe that you made Sinclair the head of the tactical division," Sonic added. "I thought he hated G.U.N.."

"He did, but then he realised that we offer better pay than the police do, so he took the offer," Rosy said. "And not for the money, obviously. But for his daughter."

"I still think that it's weird that uncle Henry and cousin Heather don't have fur like we do..." Erica said.

Sonic smiled down at his daughter as he held her hand. "Well, they can't all be fluffy and cute like you and your sister."

"Fwuffy!" said Zoe from in her pink hedgehog mother's arms, throwing her hands up and giggling.

Amy smiled and reached a hand to tickle Zoe. "Haha! You left yourself wide open!"

"No!" Zoe said through a series of cute giggles. "Tee-hee! Stop it! Haha!"

Scourge and Rosy smiled at the display, and the pink hedgehog G.U.N. agent spoke. "Do you think that we should try for a kid of our own someday?"

Scourge smiled. "Actually, I like the idea of having a kid with you. But I think that it's too soon for now."

Rosy nodded in agreement, and she looked up into Scourge's eyes and smiled nervously. The green hedgehog chuckled and looked up at Sonic and Amy, who got the hint and walked outside with their daughters.

"I'd love to have kids with you, Rosy," Scourge said. "I love you, and I can't wait to have a whole bunch of mini Scourge's and Rosy's running around. But not now, okay?"

Rosy blushed and nodded. "I love you too. And just so you know, I'm not mad at you, baby. It's just... I see Erica and all the other kids and it makes me want to have that same kind of thing."

"Well, I can't give you kids right now," said Scourge. "But I can give you this..."

Before Rosy knew it, Scourge had pressed his lips against hers. She smiled and wrapped her arms around his neck and he deepened the kiss, and their noses gently rubbed together as they kissed. Scourge smiled as he pulled back but held his wife close.

"That, in case you were wondering, was a promise that we'll have kids of our own someday," Scourge said.

The pink hedgehog nodded in understanding, and nuzzled her nose with Scourge's before they both walked out to the barbecue, and smiled as they saw Tails flipping some burgers over on the grill. Scourge looked around and scratched his head.

"Where are Marshall and Scarlet?" he asked.

"They'll be here soon," said Tails. As if on cue, the doorbell rang. He sighed and was about to go and answer it, but Cream went to answer it for him.

"Aw, that's sweet of her," Rosy said.

Tails smiled at her and she and her green hedgehog husband then went to find a seat, and managed to find a space next to Jet and Wave, so they took it. As they talked with each other, Marshall and Scarlet came out from the back door, followed by Henry and Heather, and finally Cream.

"Come on, sweetie," Sinclair said to his daughter, picking her up. "Let's find a seat. "Want to pick one out?"

Heather smiled and pointed to a far corner in the garden. "Over there!"

"And what food do you want?"

"I want a big burger!" Heather said with a giggle.

"Two big burgers please, Tails," Sinclair said to the yellow fox.

"Coming right up," he said.

The blond-haired human then went to the seat that his daughter requested and sat down with her. Meanwhile, Marshall and Scarlet went and found their own seat next to Shadow and Rouge, and the white bat asked the young couple a question.

"So, how did the honeymoon go?"

"Hope that it was better than mine and Scourge's..." Rosy said under her breath, earning a chuckle from Scourge.

"It was amazing," Scarlet said happily. "Ah, the hotel, the picnic in France... it was perfect."

"Okay, no need to rub it in," Scourge said from his seat.

Marshall chuckled. "Sorry that yours didn't go so well, dude." Scarlet then leaned over to whisper something into her brown fox husband's ear, and he nodded. "We also have some news."

"What is it?" asked Cream.

"I'm pregnant!" Scarlet chirped.

"Congratulations!" said Sonic.

"Thanks," Marshall said, blushing.

"Do you know what it is?" Amy asked.

"We're hoping that it's a fox."

The pink hedgehog chuckled, and Zoe looked up at her before speaking. "Does that mean I'm going to have another cousin?"

"Looks like it," Amy replied, stroking behind her daughter's ears. "And I think that it'll be super fluffy!"

Zoe purred into her mother's petting, and Sonic smiled and went to get some chilli-dogs that Tails had prepared for him. Sonic came back and sat with Amy and their daughters, and he picked up one of his chilli-dogs and bit into it.

"Mmm... nothing like a chilli-dog at... well, any time of the day, really," the blue hedgehog said.

Amy giggled and kissed his cheek. "Hehe... I love you, baby."

"I love you too, Amy," Sonic said.

He then smiled as he enjoyed the rest of the day with his friends, and they all ate nice, cooked food as they all spoke with each other and joked. And Sonic smiled later that night as he curled up in bed with his pink hedgehog wife as their two adorable daughters snuggled with them, and he was happy with the fact that he was where he was now. Despite all of the changes he has made in his life, he never changed how much he cared about the ones he loved.



So, here it is. The official final nail in the coffin of the Fast Times series. I hope you enjoyed reading it, and I will be probably taking a break until next year to write some proper stories, and I will also be focusing on any requested one-shots that have been made. So, stay tuned for those, and I will see you soon. If I don't, then I wish you all a Merry Christmas/Happy Holidays, and a kick-ass 2015.


>