


Chapter 1 (I went through and revised this chapter because it sucked.)


"I FEEL IT IN MY BONES-"

I cut of my alarm right there. Oh, you thought my alarm would go "BEEP BEEP BEEP!" in the morning? Well guess again. Why? Because my life is anything but cliché. And I try to keep it that way.

I get out of bed, already dressed. I woke up hours before my alarm clock went off. I've been dreading this day for months.

The day that I move.

I'm leaving my home and going to live with someone that I hardly know. All of this traces back to my little issue with cliché things.

All those cliché movies where the guy gets the girl, the cheerleader is with the nerd, they fall for their best friend, none of it is real. And I make it a point to prove that. I turn down all guys that expect something from those movies to work. Don't try and ask me out in the rain. Don't point at something then when I turn back around expect our lips to collide. Don't.

Poor Al had to learn that the hard way.

He asked me out after our school won a big basket ball game (he was on the team) thinking that there was no way I would say no. Guess again. I guess he took it really badly because the next day the police found his body in the river in the woods near our school.

Or at least my old school.

After that my parents decided I should move to Chicago with my Aunt Tori. She lives in a medium sized house and I'll be going to a school called Dauntless High. I wonder if I'll make friends there?

I had a bunch of friends before the Al incident, after not so much. Only two of my friends stayed my friends and they were Susan, who is extremely nice and has chemistry with my big bro Caleb, and Robert, who I'm pretty sure liked me. Oh well.

People think that because all these guys have asked me on dates or tried to kiss me that I'd have had a first kiss or a boyfriend. Guess again. And I plan to keep it that way for a long while.

My flight is just landing. Here goes nothing.



Hello! I'm Oz and this is my first published story on fanfiction. You are speaking to an Oz that is four months older than when she wrote this chapter because I went through and edited this chapter because it sucked. Like, no joke, it hurt to read it. So I tried my best to fix this piece of garbage. Farewell!


>