

Greg finally gets a girlfriend, but it's not what he expected. He used to hate her, but now they officially become a couple. She was like torture to him but then turned into a peaceful girl Greg could imagine. Here's who and how.

After looking at Greg getting his butt kicked at school, Patty Farrell started to think about him.
Why is Greg so terrible at life?
Patty thought.
Should I encounter him? I should not since Greg hates me.
Soon, Greg was just passing Patty, staring at her as if he thought she will hurt him. Patty didn't want to hurt Greg anymore because she has one secret that keeps her from hurting Greg: She likes Greg. She wants Greg to know but she doesn't know what to say. She wouldn't stop thinking about it so she asked Rudy Bird, another girl that Greg doesn't like, for help. When she comes up to Rudy, Rudy looks different. Her teeth had grown back, and she now uses nothing for her hair. When Patty asked Rudy for help, Rudy said, "I can talk to him." "But he doesn't like you either." Patty said. "I know. He thinks everyone is lame. Hey, I got an idea for you Patty."

At the dance, Patty waited patiently for Greg to come when he arrived at 8:30 pm.
Remember the plan Rudy gave me, Remember-
"Patty! W-what are you doing here?" Greg shouted. "Nothing, Greg. Just nothing." Patty shouted back. "But Rudy told me you are awesome and didn't mean to hurt me. Is it true?"


Why now, Rudy?
Patty thought. With nothing else to say, Patty decided to remain silent. Greg still felt frightened by the fact that he was talking to Patty and left. When Greg left her in the cold, she tried not to cry.
Why did Rudy do this now? I'm still not ready for this but since Rudy told Greg NOW, I should strike it when the iron's hot(No, not by hitting Greg).
She started thinking on what to say and on 9:30, she walks up to Greg. "Yes Greg, it been true that I didn't want to hurt you because… because I love you."

Greg became stunned after that. He stared at Patty with the WTF face and signed. "It's true Greg. I loved you since you came to this school. I just had the awkward way of showing it. So I am going now…" Patty explained. Before she could pretend to leave, Greg grabbed her shoulder and said, "Would you like to dance with me?" "OF COURSE I mean of course, Greg." Patty replied. Just about that, the last song came up and all of the couples got on the dance floor. "Greg," Patty said. "Is it very nice but awkward when we become together for once?" "Sure does Patty. I, um, never had a girlfriend before." "It's funny when you say that, Greg. It's like you had a difficult time here in middle school. But guess what?" Patty wrapped her arms around Greg and kissed him in the lips.

And that's the story of GregxPatty. THE END.

>