


What's up guys, DragonZeus1 here! Wait, did I just do my YouTube intro. No, I can't have because Mum won't let me get one! Sorry it's been a while since I updated, been busy with other stories. Also, I'm not really into Teen Titans that much anymore. Don't worry-I'm not deserting this story, just know that it'll be my last TT story. Just to let you know, school's back, so I won't have much time to write on weekdays. I'll try to post at least one chapter to one story on the weekends though. Anyway, on to the story!



Disclaimer: How can an 11 yr old own Teen Titans, that's what I wanna know!


I lay down on Beast-Boy's bottom bunk, looking at a photo I'd found in my pocket. It was a photo of me, Slade, my mom and my little brother Jason. Now that I remembered at least part of my previous life, I wished I didn't. We were all so happy in that photo. It was taken at a theme park, the day before Dad was killed by the serial killer, Deathstroke. Little did we know that he was Deathstroke, and that he had faked it all. Found him on the beach covered in blood. He must've used the blood of his victims and put it all over himself. I can't believe that guy! How could he do that to all of us! I remembered one day coming home from school to see my mother with a knife stabbed in her heart, with a note attached. It had said 'I've killed your father. I've killed your mother. Now, I will kill you two. So run, Kai and Jason. Run for your lives. I will find you. Deathstroke the Terminator.' I ran. Not for my life. To end Deathstroke's. I was captured by his minions, and they conducted experiments on me. That's how I got my powers. It was all coming back to me. Now I really wished I still had amnesia. "How could he?" I choked out before breaking into tears.

I woke to the sound of eggs boiling. You gotta love Cyborg's cooking. I smiled to myself before remembering yesterday's shenanigans. I decided I'd prefer to go to sleep than think about it and was out like a light.

"Pyro?"

I'd know that voice anywhere.

"Pyro, are you OK? It's 3 o'clock PM and you haven't come out for breakfast. Is something wrong?"

"I'm fine Raven. I'm just…thinking."

"About yesterday?"

"How'd you know?"

"You're holding a photo of you and 3 others. Your family I presume?"

"Yeah."

I sat up. I sighed. "Raven, will you hit me on the head with a piano please?" I asked her.

"Why?"

"I wanna have amnesia again."

She giggled. "You don't have to do that."

"Yes I do!" I protested.

"No you don't."

I sat up. Raven was wearing a blue hoodie with a black T-shirt underneath and jeans.

"We don't always wear our uniforms. We used to but not anymore," she explained. "Speaking of which, you need some clothes."

We arrived at 'Clothes 4 U'(
It was that or 'William's Clothing')
. I browsed before finding I few cool outfits and paying for them using Robin's credit card-apparently, since his adoptive father aka Batman is a millionaire, he gets, like, $100 in pocket money every week. Yeah, I know, amazing right? Anyway, as soon as I got home, I put on a red short-sleeved hoodie and jeans, with blue sneakers. I went into the living room to see Raven reading on the couch. I couldn't help but stare at her. She looked up. "What?" she asked.

"N-nothing!"

"OK," she went back to reading. I looked at the book. It was about a legendary ninja destined to kill the lord of evil-his father. It reminded me of myself. I had an evil father too…


Woo! You would not believe how long that took me! Anyway…



Dragon out!


>