



Prologue



Steve looked back at the building of SHIELD. He let out a sigh and secured his backpack on his bike. He had just got a solo mission, after asking Fury for one for an hour. He just wanted to get away. He understood Tony was depressed and felt empty. Steve was not too happy he became the outlet but he was Tony's friend. He wanted to help the other feel better, even if it included having sex then being brushed off like some one night stand. No, Steve wasn't mad but he couldn't stay right now. No matter how much Tony meant to him, he just couldn't be able to stand it. Not that Tony didn't care that they had sex but because he could tell it did nothing for Tony. Steve had sacrificed himself to the other to help him but it did nothing. That's why he had to leave; it was a lost cause now.

"Now Captain," Fury's voice came from the headset Steve was wearing. "I want you to check on this guy. Find out who he is, why he is what he is, and if he is a danger. If he is a potential addition for Avengers, get back to me on it."

"Yes Sir." Steve replied and got on his motorcycle. Even though he was heading to a certain part of New York, he had a feeling no one would really hear from him for a while. He was to be undercover. Find out who this man was and to recruit him if possible. Steve started up his bike and drove off to a well known area this man is spotted in. By the details he was given, with the pictures, he wore a red and blue spandex full body suit. He is called Spiderman.



Chapter One



Fury had already rented a apartment for Steve and put some of his stuff in it earlier. Even though he was undercover, he had made sure to have his suit with him. Since there was a face mask, then he could keep this in the bag. He changed into civilian clothes. After he did, he went to the streets. A list of places that Spiderman has been at lately firming in his grasp. But before he started to look for the man, he needed groceries. He walked into some random grocery store and went to get some food. He wasn't one into junk food, he liked to eat healthy. Though, it didn't matter because of the serum but he still enjoyed healthy food better. He went to the dairy products and saw a young man standing there.

"Excuse me." Steve said and the man looked at him. Scratch that, he looked like he was still in school. The teenager stepped aside to let Steve get what he needed. Once Steve got what he needed, the young teen grabbed stuff. Though, Rogers wasn't paying much attention. Once he paid for his stuff, he decided to start asking around.

"Do you know anything about Spiderman?" Steve asked the clerk. It was a guy and he watched the other with a blank expression. "Like, who he is?"

"Sorry, no." The clerk replied with a bored look. Steve sighed and grabbed his bags. He didn't realize he had attracted someone's interest. And as soon as Steve stepped out of the shop, a person followed him.

"Hey, wait." A guy called and Steve stopped in his tracked. When he turned around, it was the teenager that he saw earlier. Steve sent him a questioning look.

"What do you need?"

"I want to know why you were asking about Spiderman." The teenager quickly retorted with a straight face. Steve was dumbfounded by this question. Why was this kid so interested in his curiosity for Spiderman?

"Why do you ask?" Steve replied with a question with his own. He gave a one over of the boy, he seemed fairly okay. Steve then locked eyes with the teen.

"Um… I'm just a big fan of his." The kid rubbed the back of his neck in embarrassment and looked away, biting his lip. Steve chuckled at the kid and shook his head.

"I guess you could say I'm intrigued by him. I want to know more about him. Like who he is, why he does what he does, what does he get for doing this." Steve was honest when he spoke but he made sure it sounded as if he just wanted satisfy his curiosity about the 'superhero'. He watched the teenage cautiously. "Do you know anything about him?"

The guy gazed away as if in thought. "I know a few things…" He admitted with a shy smile. "I wouldn't be a fan if I didn't. I'm Peter by the way. Peter Parker."

"Steve Rogers." He held out his hand to shake Peter's with a friendly smile. The other took it after a second with a smile in return. "I would love to hear what you know about Spiderman."

Peter nodded and went to speak but was cut off when a handful of police cars drove by, blaring their sirens.

"I should get home, my Aunt won't be happy if I'm not home soon. Here," Peter handed a card over to Steve. "Contact me sometime."

Without a single word from Steve, Peter headed off in a sprint. The blond raised an eyebrow at this but brushed it away. Fury said to stay undercover but he wasn't going to just let crime happen. He was a soldier, he was made to protect. So Steve went home, suited up, grabbed his shield, and headed off towards the sirens.

With Steve's muscle mass, he easily ran all the way over to the commotion. It was only about ten blocks away. He stopped in his tracks and took in the details. The police cars he saw earlier were stationed to block off the road and a few officers where holding off curious by-passers, which there weren't as much as usual. Most likely the highest rank officer had a megaphone in his hand and was about to speak in it.

Steve stalked up to the area and walked pasted the police. They didn't give him any trouble, them probably knowing who he was and most likely because SHIELD informed them he was to be in this area. He walked over to the head police with a stern look. "What is the status?"

The policeman with the megaphone looked at him and was about to snap at him and the police for letting someone in here. But he quickly shut his mouth when he saw it was Captain America. He stuttered at first. "I… It's a bank robbery. About ten men with guns holding everyone inside hostage. Their weapons types have never been seen before. What do we do?"

"Tell them I'm coming in to compromise with them and not to hurt anyone." Steve demanded, heading toward the main door. He was cautious to not seen hostile. He heard the police officer do what he was told and sighed. He slowly walked to the door and it was opened for him. A man, with a giant gun was glaring at him and pointed the ting at him.

"Move an inch and your dead." The man growled out and guided hm farther into the bank. This man probably had no idea who he was. He took a closer look at the weapons and was surprised at what he saw. These were SHIELD issued weapons. What was going on?

"Captain America." A deep voice came from the darkness in front of him. He tried to focus on the shadowy figure there but couldn't see any details. "You brought Captain America in without a fight? Are you mad? Take him."

Steve blinked and rolled away just in time to not be hit by a ball of orange energy. This was the type of weapon they had that was similar to something Thor's world had. He brought out his shield as more blasts were shot at him. After a second, Steve tensed his muscles before shooting up and flinging his shield at the closest enemy. The man went flying from the impact.

He twirled around once he had his shield back in his hand and was about to hit the next person. He was cut off when white webbing shot from somewhere and stopped the enemy of all movement. Steve blinked and glanced from the direction it came from. Up in a window was a crouching Spiderman. This made Steve smile though it was not seen by anyone because he had to block another ball of orange energy shot at him. He was slightly pushed back but not affected any other way. He threw his shield at the weapon that tried to shot him and it was knocked out of the man's hands. Fear was swirling in the guy's eyes s Steve dashed at him and knocked him to the ground. He was out cold. Once Steve was done with tat man, he saw mostly everyone had been taken care of and the leader had disappeared.

Steve sighed at that but went over to the area the hostages were. He lead them across the room, making sure to stay away from all the enemy's that were either out cold or covered in spider webs. Steve's eyes wondered over to the area Spiderman was in and said person was still there. Captain America gave a small salute. The red and blue spandex 'hero' jumped out of the window, off into the street. He was gone before Steve could stop him.

Steve had sorted out the robbery in an hour and it was ten at night when he finally got home. It wasn't all too late but Steve was tired none the least. He took off the suit and dressed into civilian pajamas. He wished he could sleep but he knew he should report to Fury before he got chewed out when he heard about it from the news or something. He sighed and grabbed the laptop Fury gave him. It was to write a report on and sent it to Fury instead of having to call. Even though the blond wasn't much into technology, he could handle this. He took about an hour to an hour and a half to type up a detailed report of the incident. He didn't even think to put the meeting with Peter in because it didn't seem all too important. Once he was finally finished with all his duties, Steve fell on his bed with a sigh. He closed his eyes, not bothering about the blankets and slipped into sleep.

>