

So I was hit with inspiration and found out how I was going to write this. I found what direction I wanted to use. And puff, I have a chapter for all of you. Thank you for putting up with my lack of updates! Here it is!



Chapter Four



Steve was woken up by the quiet sound of breathing that was not his own, use to having to sleep with one eye open. It was easy for him to notice if anything was… Off. Why couldn't he get a decent night's sleep without someone interrupting though?
He glanced around the dark room, his eyes slowly adjusting to the midnight lighting. When his eyes scanned the whole room but found nothing. He knitted his eyebrows together. He let out a breath he had been holding and relaxed back onto the bed. He was about to close his eyes but a shadow over the ceiling stopped him from doing so. His muscles tensed as his hand slithered under the sheets towards his shield that was under his bed.
"Hey Cap, there is no need to fight, right?" A voice came from above him and Steve once realized what or who it was. Spiderman. He groaned as he brought his hand back without his shield in his grip. He knew this hero wouldn't hurt him. His eyes locked onto the other as he lowered himself onto the bed next to Steve.
"What do you want Spiderman?" he grumbled. He stayed lying down due to sleep hovering above him.
"I wanted to talk to you. Apologize for kissing you." He gazed at Steve but the blond could not see his expression which put him slightly on edge. "I couldn't help myself though. You are Captain America for god's sake." he flailed his arms like a little kid. "Before I realized it I had fallen for you. Even though I know you are here to find out who I am. I'm you mission and I know it."
Steve gaped at the vigilante in surprise. Spiderman knew but he still help the other? Even with his secret identity at stake? He didn't understand this man at all. He opened his mouth to say something but Spiderman cut him off seeming to have more to say.
"That didn't bother me though. If anything, I would rather have you find out who I am than anyone else. But for right now, you mustn't find out just yet. Not until I get what I came for." He paused and took the moment of shock that Steve was going through to crawl on top of him. He swung his legs around to plant his knees on either side of the blond's hips. His palms pressed down on Steve's shoulders even though he knew the other could use his superhuman strength to push him off with ease.
"What are you doing?" Steve asked. He watched Spiderman closely, not knowing what he planned to do. Was he going to kiss him again? However Steve made no move to push him off, letting his curiosity take over. He would see how this would play out.
When Spiderman noticed that Steve didn't have any plans of fighting back, his lips curled up into a smirk. He lessened the pressure on the blond's shoulders and leaned in close so that their lips were only an inch apart. Steve could feel the hot breath that escaped from Spiderman's covered lips. He let out a shaky breath, not knowing why this made him so nervous. The Captain's hands unconsciously slipped to Spiderman's face and lifted his mask up to only show his lips. He didn't want to scare him away by taking the whole thing off. Even if it would be hard to see his face clearly in the dark room.
Once the mask was pulled up a little, Spiderman didn't hesitate to press his lips onto Steve's. At first the blond didn't kiss back, getting use to kissing the vigilante. It only took a minute for him to get the hang of it and he nervously kissed back. Their lips moved in sync.
Spiderman nibbled on Caps bottom lip. When the other wasn't allowed entrance, a hand slid down the blond's chest and slipped under the flimsy nightshirt he wore. A soft gasp escaped Steve's lips and the other took the chance to snake his tongue into his mouth. He explored the uncharted cavern before pulling away, his breathing fast and short. Steve wasn't much out of breath; the only effect from the kiss was slightly parted lips that were red and a dazed look on his face.
Spiderman crawled off the other after a minute of gazing at his amazed expression. He let out a sigh and started to head towards the window. It only took Steve a second to realize he was leaving and shot out of the bed. Spiderman was quick to react, use to people trying to get the jump on him. He unconsciously shot webbing at the Captain which entangled over his arm and attached it to the wall. Steve tugged at the sticky, strong webbing but it wasn't budging like he thought it would.
"Sorry Steve but I got what I wanted. I can't have you following me or trying to stop me none the less." Spiderman mumbled guiltily and jumped out the window. Steve sat there in shock. Spiderman had kissed him, and then just left him stuck to the wall. Why was this happening to him? What made it worse was it was the best kiss he had ever had.
He touched his lips gingerly with his free hand, a longing look twinkling in his eyes. Did he really fall for Spiderman? He barely knew him. But something was off, the kiss being far too familiar even if he had been kissed by him once before. His brain was working on connecting the dots but it seemed that he was missing something. He closed his eyes in exhaustion. He placed himself in the most comfortable position possible before drifting off to sleep.
Morning came way too soon for Steve. His arm was sore from it being stuck in the same area for too long. He tugged at the webs again and after a few tries he felt it give. His hand was freed and he stretched in hopes to get the cramps out of it. He quickly got ready for the day, not looking forward to it. He stalked to the kitchen, grabbed some breakfast, and sat at the table. Something caught his eye. He glanced at an envelope sitting right in front of him.
"What is this?" Steve asked himself as he took the paper into his hands. He tore it open, making sure to not tear the letter inside. As he unfolded the pasty white letter, his stomach twisted as if he dreaded to look at what was written. He had a bad feeling about this. Steve's eyes scanned the words wrote on the paper, facial expression changing as he went on.

Captain America. It is a shame that you cannot protect your friends. Or something that you hold dear. I am surprised you would let something so amazing slip away from you. It is too bad that he is yours and not mine. If he was, I would ravish him all the time. But alas, I plan to use him for different reasons. Come and get your precious little boy. I would be a shame to mare his pretty little face, no? You can meet me on the roof where I have been the past two days, causing chaos. Be there tomorrow, 10:00 AM. Don't be late or your pretty friend might have some new scars. Maybe he won't have a life anymore. Who knows? And don't even think about bringing that shield of yours either. Wouldn't want him to get hurt because you couldn't help but attack me, now would we? Until then Captain.

Steve's grip on the paper tightened and the fragile thing crumpled in his hands. There was only one person who could be the one who did this. Only one who he has seen in the past days. And that was none other than Loki, the God of Mischief. What about the precious boy? Could be possibly mean Peter himself? That was not good.
Steve raced out of the apartment, leaving the letter crumpled on the ground. He didn't stop running until he was in front of Peter's house door. He knocked, slightly on edge and shaky. It only took a moment for Aunt May to open the door, tears streaming down her face. No… Steve slammed his fist into the wood next to the door which made the wood snap. It split and left a dent but at the moment he couldn't care. He gave a reassuring smile to Aunt May before speeding off again. He was going to save Peter but he was going to need help. He needed Spiderman.



















>