


TITLE: Wednesday



CHAPTER/TITLE:
Chapter Sixteen: Good


RATING:
T (language, content)


A/N:
Sorry for the wait. I really wanted to make sure this story was ready to be finished. I think it is. Sorry if you don't! Any longer, and it would start to drag. So, here it is! The conclusion to all the craziness. I kept almost posting this, and them coming back into Doc Manager and tweaking the ending. Okay. I think I'm done. Enjoy!


Please read and review, many thanks.



DISCLAIMER:
I do not own Sherlock.


Chapter Sixteen: Good


John wasn't sure what exactly he expected upon waking, but it certainly wasn't his flatmate holding his hand.

Or said flatmade reading aloud from some science article that John hardly understood a word of.

Or violin music.

Vaguely, the doctor wondered if he was dreaming.

And then he remembered, he
had
been dreaming.

The experiment, the argument, the mugging, the nightmares, all came washing over his mind in a wave.

He groaned and alerted the other occupant of the room to his new wakeful state. Instantly, the hand holding his withdrew and the scientific ramblings disappeared. Several seconds later, the music even ceased.

For a moment, John desired to simply stay hidden behind his closed eyelids. He could feel Sherlock's presence hovering over him and faintly recognized that he was laying on their couch.

And that he wasn't in any pain.


Odd
.

He distinctly remembered fists and shoes and bricks and blades.

A noise that sounded similar to Sherlock clearing his throat met John's hears and the blogger finally forced his eyes open to meet the detective's.

There was something unreadable in that normally apathetic or shielded gaze. The self-proclaimed sociopath seemed to be attempting to shove whatever emotions were threatening to bleed through his features back behind his wall, but it wasn't entirely working.

"You're awake," was all he said.

John noted that whatever was reflected in his eyes, also echoed in his voice. He wondered if that was all the great detective could bring himself to say without revealing what he was so desperately trying to hide. That merely one single word more could break the facade.

There was a gaping pause, so tangible John was sure that if he reached out, he could touch it.


Odd. Again.



No pain. Odd thought patterns.


And then there was that underlying urge to giggle at absolutely nothing.


Oh. Right. Damn.


"So, did you just happen to have pain medication lying around that I didn't know about and drug me again, or have I been to hospital and just don't remember?"

He knew his head had been hit. But not how hard. Anything was possible at this point. Despite his slight haze, he still didn't miss Sherlock's microscopic wince at the words "drug me again".

"Given my distinct distaste for hospitals and their usual incompetence, in addition to the fact that although you yourself are a doctor, you too loathe them, as a patient, that is, I decided I would bring you here instead."

"So you did drug me?" John repeated, again noting the twitch.

"No."


Not this time, at least.
Sherlock berated himself.
This time you only allowed your best friend to get beaten nearly to death.


"I brought you back and called in - a favor."

"A favor?" John's muddled mind turned this over for only a second. "You called your brother.
You
called
Mycroft
? You never call him, for anything."

"You are not just anything," Sherlock slipped and then straightened his features.


For you, John. I called him for you. I would owe him a thousand favors for you.


"One of Mycroft's doctors, then," John nodded, "great. I probably got injected with a microchip too."

"Nonsense, John," Sherlock shook his head. "The only tracking device Mycroft has ever tried to employ with you has been the one he had put in your phone and the one had had sewn into the soles of your shoes. Both of which I removed."

"And then probably replaced them with your own," John rolled his eyes.

"Don't be ridiculous," Sherlock sniffed, "I rely on my own brain, not some computer's. That's how I found -" Sherlock cut himself off abruptly, his eyes flicking from John to the floor.

"How you found what?" John prompted.

Another thick pause.

"You."

Again.

Sherlock opened his mouth, but it was a moment before he spoke.

"I - followed you, John. After you left, I went after you, but you were already gone. I deduced the route you were most likely to take and then got in contact with members of my homeless network to pinpoint your exact location. I - found you. You were being - attacked. You were unconscious."

"Bloody cowards," John mumbled.

"Quite right," Sherlock smirked. "Only two tried to fight. I handled them."

"Let me guess," John chuckled, "now they're the ones in hospital."

"I would think so," Sherlock smiled, "if they had enough intelligence to go to one. Which, is fairly possible that they don't. Besides, they were well on their way to hospital before I came along. I don't think they expected they had a soldier on their hands when they targeted you."

"Fat lot good that did me," John grunted and attempted to sit up.

Despite the drugs, the movement still caused pain to pulse through this body. He gasped and grimaced before finally getting comfortable, surprisingly with Sherlock's help.

Sherlock was pleasantly caught off guard at how John neglected to pull away from him or scold him for his helpful efforts. He expected the doctor to detest him after what he had done. And yet they were conversing like nothing had transpired. Even the emotionally oblivious detective could sense the subject hanging just above their light banter, waiting to drop.

"John - I - there is something else you should know about me following you. There was - a reason - I did so. It was - I mean to say - I wanted to - apologize." Sherlock had been sputtering his way through his words when suddenly he was speaking with swift speed. "I know that you said
not
to apologize. I know you said that it wouldn't mean anything. I realize that. But, I - wanted - needed to say it. I needed you to hear it, John. I'm sorry."

And as much as John wanted to put another fist in his friend's face for what he had done, it was just that. He was his friend. Even after everything, John considered Sherlock his friend. The problem had been him believing Sherlock didn't think the same of him.

But John thought of the voice from his dreams. The music. The hand holding his.

And he knew differently.

That didn't mean they lived happily ever after and 221B was a peaceful paradise from that day forth. Nor did it mean that Sherlock never again used John for an experiment - willingly, unwillingly, knowingly, or unknowingly. But never drugs. Sherlock never drugged the doctor again after that. Things were rough for awhile, but eventually, as did most things on Baker Street, the entire ordeal turned into a joke. A way to laugh at their past pain instead of acknowledge or indulge in it. John even employed it once or twice to guilt his flatmate into running the errands.

Their friendship was rocky, but like that rock, solid and strong.

Life with Sherlock Holmes was never easy, or dull. But John, well, John was quite alright with that as long as he didn't miss anymore days.

And, as it turned out, something good actually came from the experience.

Since the "experiment", John had less nightmares. And when he did suffer them, Sherlock now knew the proper remedy. He would often time it so that he "just to happen" to being playing violin while John was upstairs drifting to sleep.

Both of them knew.

Neither of them let on.

John often thought the defining moment had come, several hours after he had woken, after a long and comfortable silence, Sherlock had suddenly spoke.

"So, um, are we, good?"

And there it was.

The detective had grown to turn to John as his moral compass. Asking him if what he
did
was socially or morally "good" or "not good".

This wasn't about something Sherlock
did.
This was about their friendship. This was Sherlock Holmes not only caring about another human being, but caring enough to check if their relationship was still okay. Caring about a person. Caring about a relationship. Sentiment.




"Yeah, Sherlock," John had sighed. "We're good."

So, what Sherlock had done, as John so regularly reminded him, was definitely, "not good".

But what had come from it. What they had learned about each other and their friendship. The bond that was strengthened through the trials. What Sherlock did uncharacteristically and unselfishly to help his friend.

Well, John deemed, that was definitely, good.

And so were they.

>