


DISCLAIMER: I don't own Big Time Rush or Th1rteen R3asons Why (if I spelt that wrong Im sorry lol)




Prologue


Jo took a deep breath and took one last look at Kendall sleeping on her couch. She traced his face longingly, stopping on his lips. He stirred ever so slightly in his sleep, and she bent to place a soft kiss on his lips one last time.

He didn't wake up. She thought he might, but he didn't. She guessed it was a good thing because then he would have stopped her, but a part of her wished he could hold her and tell her everything was okay.

But that was a lie. Kendall is wonderful to her, and she couldn't ask for anything better in a boyfriend. Yes, he was blind to what was happening to her, yes he didn't see the marks she ever so carefully covered up, but he is one of the most caring people she had ever known. Always worrying about others so that he doesn't focus on his own problems. Hardly anyone ever saw him break down.

Jo had seen him break down only once during the entire they had dated, the entire three years. It hurt her to see him so broken, and she had managed to make him happier, and one thing lead to another, and the next thing she knew they both were closer than either had been with any other person. But maybe Kendall would be happier with her gone, without her dragging him down.

With a sigh, Jo stroked Kendall's hair one last time, and walked through her door for the last time, then through the lobby giving Bitters a glance, long enough to see he was asleep at the desk.

Jo walked out of the Palm Woods, knowing she would never see it again. It felt good knowing she would no longer have to deal with everything she had been putting up with for a long time.

Peacefully Jo walked down to the bridge and looked down into the black murky looking water. Cars were just starting to become rush hour, and the sun was just peeking over the sky. It was beautiful. For the second time that day, Jo doubted is she should do this. Maybe, just maybe life could get better. But hadn't Jo been telling herself that for awhile now? Hadn't she been hoping for a long time that life would get better? Yet it had not gotten better. Jo had already sent out the DVDs. The person she had given copies to would know by now exactly what to do if they didn't get sent out.

She sat on the edge of the bridge, legs dangling dangerously over the side. While she unlocked her phone, ignoring the hate messages from Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram, plus text messages, she texted Kendall one last time, then set her phone down.


I love you. -Jo


Then she pushed off into the water.

>