


Still don't own BTR or Th1rteen R3asons Why.




*Bold

means its on the DVD
.


*Italics means its Jo's memory.





Jo smiled, a true smile even, something rare in these videos. "Thanks to you James, I might be able to fight this. I could fight this stupid depression and maybe even get away from everyone and everything. James, I feel like you're my guardian angel. You're the big brother I never had, and I'll never be able to repay you for listening to me and helping me. That being said, I hope no one will see these tapes, because James, you make me feel like life is worth living." Then she shut the video off.




Kendall shut the laptop and walked over to James. He didn't say anything, just hugged him. James hugged back, and after awhile Kendall went back to his bed. Before he pressed play on the next DVD, he looked over at James who was laying down looking at the ceiling.



"Thank you for being there for her when I wasn't." Kendall said to James, who didn't really respond but wiped his eyes.



Then Kendall pressed play.




"Um, so I really wasn't going to make a video about this. But uh, it's torn me up inside." Jo stopped to compose herself, then continued. "As some of you may know, I recently went to visit my aunts house in Minnesota. I really do love my aunt, she's basically like my m-mother. But if I could go back in time and stop myself from ever -
ever
- going to visit my aunt, I would. So this is my reason number twelve, Micha Jones."



"Josie! It's so good to see you sweetheart!" Aunt Tabbie wrapped her arms around me in a huge hug. I happily hugged her back, setting down my suitcase.



"Oh, don't worry about your suitcase, I'll have Max take it in." Aunt Tabbie motioned for my older cousin to come and take my suitcase. I gave him a quick hug and then he took my suitcase inside the house. I looked up at my aunts house, admiring the beauty of the huge farmhouse. I had spent so many summers here that it was my home.



"Feenie!" My nine year old cousin Josh yelled, running down to wrap his arms around me. "I missed you!"



I laughed, bending to hug him tightly. "I missed you too Joshie."



"Well, let's get you settled into your room, huh?" Aunt Tabbie smiled, putting her dark auburn hair up into a bun, a few curls spilling out. As we walked in the house, Tabbie put an arm around me and gave my shoulder a light squeeze. "It's good to have you here Josie."



After I was settled into my room, I looked around with a smile. This room really
was
my room, i was the only one who ever stayed here, and Tabbie told me it was my room as long as I wanted it. Tabbie was the only person I would ever let call me Josie, just like Josh was the only one I would ever let call me Feenie. When he was younger since he couldn't say Josephine he just started calling me Feenie, and it stuck ever since.



It was with a fond smile that I looked around the room, taking in the familiar bright yellow daisy-printed wall paper, the pictures of me, my cousins and I, my aunt and I, and a beautiful family picture of everyone standing in front of a lake not to far from Tabbie's. The bedspread I was sitting on was yellow, and it had white sheets along with daisy printed pillow cases. Not too many people knew my favorite flower was a daisy, and those who did didn't know why it was my favorite.



There was a knock on my door, and Tabbie walked in. "Josie, we're going to the Jones' for supper. We'll leave in ten minutes, okay?"



I nodded, and with a smile Tabbie left me to get ready. I took out my makeup bag, and re-applied my eyeliner and mascara, putting on a little bit of chapstick. After debating a few seconds, I took out my curling wand and let it heat up, the curled the ends of my hair. I decided to just wear the jean shorts, light blue peplum top, and 'cowgirl' boots I had on. I went downstairs, and we shortly left for the Jones'.



We were greeted by Kayla, the oldest girl at 17. She wore a red dress with little white flowers printed on it that went to her knees, her feet bare. With a huge grin, she said "Hey ya'll. Come on in, everybody's waitin'."



I trailed in behind my family, and Kayla gave me a hug. "Good to see ya Josephine. How ya been?"



"Alright." I gave a half smile, slightly fiddling with my bracelets, a nervous habit.
'Oh, I've been great, just started cutting again and immensely hating myself once again, getting stabbed in the back by everyone I thought I could trust, and having everyone else hate me. Yeah, mind lending me a gun so I can get everything over with? Yeah, definitely shouldn't say that.
'






Kayla smiled. "That's good. C'mon, you can sit next to Micah."



So I sat next to Micah, who I remembered as a somewhat gangly, slightly socially awkward boy. Now he was tanned, had a good amount of muscle on him, dark brown hair and dark, almost black eyes. We talked during the amazing meal of turkey, mashed potatoes and gravy, corn, coleslaw, and cornbread. He was charming, and we made plans to see each other the next night.



"Micah and I hung out for most of the time I was there. I thought it was just a close friendship, but he thought it was something more."



"And I said, well I'm just gonna go!" Micah finished, as Kayla and I laughed. "After that freakshow, there's no way I was staying there any longer!"



Jake, Kayla's boyfriend, walked in and put his arm around Kayla, playing with her dark auburn hair. Kayla snuggled into him, and Micah stood up, motioning for me to follow him.



We went outside into their barn, and sat down on some hay.



"So, do you really have to leave tomorrow?" Micah asked, looking over at me.



I nodded, laying down and smoothing out my white dress. "Yeah, I gotta start filming the next season soon, and I'm supposed to start working on my album."



He took my hand. "I wish you didn't have to leave. It's been nice having you here." He laid down next to me. I turned my head towards him, and he turned his to mine.



"It's been great being here. I-I haven't felt this peaceful in a long time." I said truthfully. It truly had been great getting away from everything, and I had not once selfharmed since I was here.



Suddenly, while I was thinking, Micah pressed his lips against mine. Shocked, I sat up. He looked at me, and sat up, confused.



"Jo?" He questioned, furrowing his brows.



"Micah, what the fuck?" I asked, still in shock. "I have a boyfriend, and we're just friends. You know that."



"You have a what? Jo, don't act like we don't like each other! This whole summer we have done nothing but spend time with each other. I thought it was pretty clear we we're more than friends."



"No! I thought it was pretty clear we we're just friends. Why would you even kiss me? You ruined our friendship!" I stood up, and started walking away. "I'm gonna go."



Micah stood up as well. "The fuck you are."



I spun around. "Excuse me? I want to leave, so I will. You can't make me stay."



He walked towards me. " I came out here to get one thing from you, and I'll be damned if I don't get it."



It took me a second to process what he meant, and when I did I took off running for the house. Before I even made it to the barn doors, he tackled me. I screamed and he slapped me. He fumbled around for something on the shelf behind him, and he found duct tape.



"Micah, please don't. Oh god no please don't." I begged, and then tried screaming. Before I could even finish my scream he had a hand around my throat while he ripped off a strip of duct tape and then put it on my mouth.



He dragged me across the hay, behind two hay bales. I tried hitting him, but he just pounded on my stomach. He yanked my dress off and the unhooked my bra and slid off my underwear. I sobbed, praying for someone to come help me, but no one did. He saw the cuts on my hips and upper thighs. He ran his fingers over each one and kissed my cheek.



"Don't hurt yourself." He murmered while I cried.



He viciously grabbed at every inch of my naked skin while I sat there wishing I would just die. Why isn't someone coming to help me? Why isn't someone hearing me? I shut my eyes and prayed for it all to be over soon.



"Then he raped me. He raped me, and no one heard my cries. No one heard my screams; no one in that fucking farm knows what he did to me." Jo wiped her eyes. "He didn't even use protection, the fucking bastard. I-I'm pregnant and I know it's that fucking monsters child!" Jo cried. "I don't know what to do." Wiping hard at her eyes, she shut off the camera.
INSERT DISC 13
flashed across the screen.





Kendall shoved the DVD player away from himself and punched the wall. He put his head between his knees and sat in silence, not knowing what to do anymore but cry.



GUESS WHO'S FUCKING BACK?! I'm SO sorry for my prolonged absence, but in my defense I have had a rough summer. I moved to my dads which was anything but easy, and had to start a new school, then had to get my laptop which I forgot at my moms. I hope you don't all hate me terribly, but here's a -somewhat short- chapter :) HOPEFULLY the next and possibly final chapter -with the exception of an epilogue- will be uploaded tomorrow after I get it typed!





So, I had an idea for a kinda prequel type thing, involving Jo's childhood before she moved to the Palmwoods and started acting. Would you guys want to read it?





Let me know in a reveiw! I love you guys, and thanks to everyone who reveiwed last chapter! It means a lot!





5 reviews at least maybe?





:)





~TheFlyingGraysons



>