


This will be the end of this story folks. The Shadow Hunter is in retirement and living somewhat peacefully, and I have no more story to tell. For those of you wondering, I never included any mention of horcruxes in this story. This story is canon through the end of OotP. I intentionally left out the horcruxes and the hallows. I didn't want them to interfere with the plot. Anyway, I hope this ends things on a high note for you. I appreciate all of those who have followed, faved, and commented on this story.



Thanks sincerely,



Drunken Prince



P.S. I don't own a thing. JK Rowling is the true muse.


Chapter 13 - Epilogue

Harry walked into the family room of his home at Potter Manor after the portkey dropped him on his backside. He didn't know why he put up with it. Phase jumping was so much smoother, but he couldn't phase jump back from America. It was just too far. He smiled when he saw the messy black hair of his son, Silas, sitting at the coffee table concentrating on his lessons for the day. "Hey bud. How's it going?"

His ten year old son jumped up, ran over and reached up for a big hug. "Hey dad. You're home. I'm good. I'm almost finished with homework for the day and then I'm done. Mum still thinks it's kind of dumb but I'm glad you made me go to muggle school. Did you know muggles can go to space? They've gone loads of times."

"I think I did hear something like that yeah." He answered with a chuckle. "Where is your mum anyway? I haven't had a proper snog in a couple days. Those American aurors have some skills but none of them are pretty enough to snog."

"Dad! Don't talk about snogging in front of me. My brain is sensitive to disgusting things. Besides she's just outside feeding the hippogriffs. Maisey still won't do it. Who knew nearly getting trampled could make a house elf refuse to do a job? Maisey is definitely one of a kind, and mum won't let Hoby near them. He scares them for some reason. Mum thinks he's somehow the reason Maisey got in trouble with them."

"Well I better head out and get my snog then!" he said with a wink. Silas just rolled his eyes and went back to the table and his school work.

Harry walked outside and around the back where the hippogriff paddock was located. He saw the graceful and vivacious form of his wife Susan across the yard. He still felt like he had hit the jackpot when she fell for him almost fifteen years ago now. They had dated until shortly after his eighteenth birthday and they'd been married in a beautiful ceremony that Harry remembered very little of. His memories of that day consisted mainly of the first time he saw Susan her in her dress and later when he helped her out of it.

His wife had her back to him and on impulse he phased and jumped right behind her. He phased back and wrapped his arms around her tight and started kissing her neck.

"Harry James Potter how many times have I told you not to do that to me? It's bad enough that both our children inherited your gift. Sometimes I feel like I walk around this place jumping at every shadow and rustle of leaves. Literally because I've been shocked and surprised by you three so many times my nerves are permanently shot."

She turned in his arms and faced him anyways. "But if you keep kissing me like that I may forgive you. How was America love?"

"It was alright. Their auror department is actually pretty good. It's just that the rest of the government is such a mess. The aurors are bogged down by the bureaucracy. It reminds me a lot of our government a few years ago."

"Well we've turned ours around in just the last twelve or thirteen years, and they can do the same."

He laughed. "That's true. It wasn't easy though. Remember how hard Neville and I had to work to sneak reformation through the Wizengamot? Even after Voldemort was gone and most of the true bigots were dead they were still hesitant. Wizards just don't do change very well. The Americans might still need more help. I may have to go back from time to time."

"That's fine. As long as they don't keep you for more than a couple days at a time."

"I'll let them know of your conditions," he replied with a chuckle. "Has Laela written home?"

"We just got her owl last night. You can read it when we go inside. She spent another week in detention for using her powers to sneak out after curfew. Apparently having an aunt for a professor hasn't slowed her mischievous ways. Hermione says she's worse than the Weasley twins ever were. Thank Merlin Silas is more like me. We'd be called to the school every week next year if he were more like you and Laela."

"How does she keep getting caught? I thought I taught her better than that."

"Hermione and the Flitwick have figured out a way to track her. Something about a trace signature from the pocket dimension she slips into. Mione and Filius could probably track you too if they wanted to."

"Hermione was always too smart. If I didn't know better I'd say she's getting back at me by picking on Laela."

"Ha. Mione is smart enough to get back at you anytime, and anyway she wants. Besides I think she's forgiven you for all the Shadow Hunter stuff. She knows you did it to protect us. I think she just enjoys the little tantrums that Laela throws when she gets caught by her only aunty."

"I guess I can concede that point to her. Laela tantrums are hilariously fun to witness. How is Hermione doing anyway? I haven't spoken with her in a couple months I think. We've both been so busy. She probably thinks her brother has abandoned her in her time of need. It's only been what… a year since Matthew died?

"Yeah about that. You probably need to speak with your sister."

"Why what's going on?"

"Well you know that George lost Katie just a few weeks before Matthew died right? It was the same case remember? They both contracted Brazilian Mage Mono at St. Mungos. Being a healer can be hazardous."

"Of course I remember, Fred and I had to work our asses off to keep him from drinking himself to death. Molly and Arthur had his kids for weeks, but what does that have to do with Hermione now?

"Well, I guess that Hermione and George have found quite a bit of strength in each other if you catch my meaning."

Harry briefly thought he should refrain from using a curse word, but he quickly gave up that notion. "What the fuck? Hermione and George? Why hasn't she said anything to me about this?

"I think she wanted to wait until she knew for sure how she felt. I mean it would be a huge step. George has Ronnie and Aaron, and Hermione has Celeste to think about. Mixing families is complicated. Aaron and Celeste are just first years at Hogwarts with Laela. They didn't want to mess up the kids' lives unless they knew for sure."

"Wait. They're talking about getting married, and she hasn't even told me about it? What the hell is she thinking?" Harry had already pulled back from Susan's arms and started pacing.

Susan saw the look in his eyes. "Harry love, don"t…." But it was too late. He'd already phased and jumped off towards Hogwarts.

The formerly mysterious and now not so mysterious Shadow Hunter, Harry Potter had been uncovered by a story that appeared in The Quibbler of all things. He never was a very good liar, so when he was confronted in Diagon Alley by people from the Daily Prophet and the Wizarding Wireless asking if the Quibbler article was true, he told them that it was. Shortly thereafter he gave an extensive tell all interview to Luna at the Quibbler, which was reprinted in the Daily Prophet. Ever since then, he had been stared at with even more awe and wonder than he had ever been before, which was saying something. So when he un-phased in the entry hall at Hogwarts he wasn't surprised by the dropped jaws and stares of the three students standing there. One young girl even started to clap.

"Please don't stare ladies. I'm just a normal guy who can do something awesome. Now can you tell me where I might find Professor Abbott?"

The bravest of the three girls opened up and spoke. "She's probably in the great hall sir. Dinner's just started and we were running late. We were on our way in when you appeared."

"Oh wonderful!" He replied sarcastically, dreading the crowd he knew he would see at the evening meal. "I guess I'll follow you ladies in then."

He entered the great hall of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry to the stares and whispers of nearly everyone there. He was headed straight towards the head table when he was nearly knocked over by an auburn haired missile. "Daddy. What are you doing here? Why do you look so mad? Whatever they told you I can explain. I didn't…"

"As happy as I am to see you darling, I'm actually here to speak with your aunt, and I'm not angry just seeking answers. Run back to your friends and I'll catch up with you before I leave alright?"

"Ok. But don't forget. Love you dad."

"I love you too. See you in a bit."

His trek towards the head table resumed and when he was close enough Hermione spoke up. "Harry what are you doing here?"

"I'm interested in that answer myself Mr. Potter", said an aging Minerva McGonagall from her perch in the Headmistresses chair.

"I need to have a word with my sister if you wouldn't mind Headmistress. It's nothing too horrible I assure you, just a siblings ire towards another for a deep secret held."

She laughed then and Hermione paled. "By all means then Mr. Potter, have at her. And it's good to see you."

"It's good to see you too Professor. Hermione may I have a word in the antechamber?"

Hermione nodded and headed towards the back entrance. Harry followed and made his way into the antechamber.

"So Harry, long time no talk eh…? What's up?"

"Don't play stupid with me Hermione, I invented it. When the hell were going to tell me about George?"

Hermione sighed. "We've only recently decided to make it public. The kids just found out in the last few days, and Susan only knows because well, I can't keep anything a secret from Susan. I was going to come over and tell you tomorrow evening. I'm not trying to keep anything from you. Besides, you love George. What's the big deal?"

"It's not that I don't love George or that you don't have a right to your own life. It's just that it's my job to look out for you. How can I do that when you don't tell me stuff?" He said this with a dejected look only Harry Potter can really pull off.

Hermione immediately swept forward and pulled him into a hug. "I know you feel like you have to look out for me Harry but you can't protect everyone all the time. This is something that just happened. Neither of us really expected it, but it's really good Harry. Really. Just shut up and be happy for me like a proper brother should. I need you to walk me down the aisle again."

Harry smiled sheepishly. "So it's really happening? When?"

"July12th. In three months. I need my brother to support me in this."

Harry dropped his head again. "I will. I do. I'll always support you Mione. It just caught me by surprise and well…I look pretty stupid now don't I? Reckless Gryffindor through and through."

"Pretty much." She laughed. "So you're really not mad?"

"I'm not mad, as long as you're happy. You are happy right?"

"Very. Now go say hi to your daughter and her friends. She'll never forgive you if you don't."

HP++++HP++++HP++++HP

Harry Potter walked his sister down the aisle towards the new love of her life. He gave Hermione Granger Potter Abbott away to become just Hermione Weasley. Somehow that seemed right to him. Like maybe it always should have been. He smiled as George took her hand. She was happy. They were happy. As far as he knew just about everyone he loved was happy, and that was enough for him.

>