

A/N: Thank you to everybody reading this, I might do more stories with this idea of blind 2D.

The first thing he noticed upon waking was that he wasn't slammed into the normal darkness that came with waking. At first everything was washed in white bright light, strangely enough to be blinding. 2D rubbed his hands against his eyes groaning, he looked again this time the light faded leaving nothing but...Apparently was his bedroom. He sat upright feeling dazed as he looked around the room, he'd never seen it before; he hadn't seen a lot of things for a long time. He noticed the about fifty or so keyboards lining his gray bedroom walls, the photographs of people he figured he was friends with. He looked down at the pink blanket covering his lap and over to his side where he had hoped to find a sleeping figure, but the space was vacant. He quickly climbed out of bed heading towards his bathroom to get a look at himself in the mirror, he stumbled on his way there nearly tripping over shoes and jeans he'd carelessly thrown onto the floor. Everything felt different, it was different; the dingy carpet felt different now that he could see it, the holes and cracks in his walls were different, and everything still seemed so bright. It wasn't until he stood in front of the mirror that he realized that he was smiling, he looked at himself in the mirror feeling happier than he had in a good while. He didn't mind his blue hair or his two missing front teeth, he noticed his eyes were brown again just like before his accident; not the black he heard they had been for awhile now.

He laughed to himself, he couldn't believe it had worked. He felt like he was still dreaming, he couldn't believe that his sight was back. He wasn't plunged into his normal darkness, everything was bright and colorful; this was the world he hadn't seen for years now.

"Murdoc"

He'd almost forgotten about him.

2D rushed out of his room and into the large darkened car lot, by instinct he knew where his boyfriend's winnebago was placed. The thing looked as filthy and worn down as he always imagined; he wasn't even surprised about the sign on the door saying "F off".

He opened the thankfully unlocked door and went inside ignoring the empty bottles, burnt out candles, and the possibly real human skull on the small dining table.

"Murdoc, hey it worked; I got my sight back!"

The singer entered the bedroom where the older man sat with his head bowed running his fingers back through his greasy black hair.

"I figured it worked" He lifted his head to look in the younger man's direction.

2D felt himself tense when he noticed his friend's mismatched eyes were dull and glazed, unseeing. Murdoc smiled sadly, he looked away again.

"God, you told me that..."

"I said it wasn't anything important and it isn't." he interrupted before the singer could finish.

2D seated himself on Murdoc's lap, he wrapped his arms around his neck.

"I wouldn't have agreed if I knew this would happen to you." He muttered

He pulled back to look down at the other man.

He just now started to really notice him; the crows feet at the corners of his eyes, his severely broken nose, the sharp teeth that showed each time he gave a sad little smile; Murdoc wrapped his arms loosely around his boyfriend's waist.

"That's why I didn't tell you, I know you wanted your sight back. You fucking deserve it, how young you are, deserve to see the world and all that shit. I've seen enough of it for a lifetime."

2D placed a hand against the other man's cheek, fingers brushing against his skin. He leaned down kissing him gently.

"I love you, I can't even...I seriously can't fucking begin to tell you what this means to me."

It hurt to look into his eyes; he thought about how pretty they were, he couldn't believe he just gave his sight up for him. He figured this was some kind of odd dream; the one where you aren't sure if it's a nightmare or a good dream. 2D nuzzled his face against the bassist's chest, fingers brushed through his hair calming him and making him feel more relaxed. He was grateful, beyond grateful; he just couldn't believe what Murdoc had given up for him.

"Told you I'd give you literally anything, don't feel bad for me not worth it. So how is it having to see me after all that time?"

2D pulled back looking at him again, "You're beautiful, just like I always said."

The older man grinned, "You're seriously dull or full of shit, maybe both...in that case I guess you can help me with this whole er not being able to see deal, if you don't mind."

"Not at all, it's not too hard if you got someone to help you."

"Good, I love you"

"I love you too Mudsy"

>