

She can


This is a redo of the conversation between Terra and Beast-Boy in the episode 'Terra'.



Disclaimer: This is what I would've put in the show, and since it isn't in the show I mustn't own Teen Titans.



She sat on the beach. Her eyes glowed yellow as she skipped stones with the help of her powers. It was perfect all the time. Terra sighed. She kept asking herself one question-why? Why does she have these powers? Why can't she control them? Why do the Titans accept her like this? Why was she in love with Beast-Boy?
Wait, what?
She asked herself after that last question. She just assumed she wasn't thinking strait. "So, couch too lumpy?" she heard as a familiar green changeling sat next to her.

Beast-Boy picked up a pebble and threw it at the water. It went
plop
then disappeared under the surface.
Aw man
he thought, looking sour until Terra laughed, obviously cheering him up. She put another one in his hand, this time bouncing as it touched the surface. Smiling, he chuckled and flexed his non-existent muscles, Terra sighing. Beast-Boy stuck his tongue out at her, with was quickly followed by a silly face, which was then follow by him turning his head only into a gorilla causing him to have an hilariously big head. She then made another silly face before they both went back to normal and laughed their heads off before stopping and awkwardly looking at the sky. "I can't stay," she stated.

"Why not?"

"Uh, places to go, people to see."

"Come on, you know you wanna stay. We've got free cable, indoor plumbing, and all the tofu you can eat!" he insisted, holding up a hand that for some reason had three fingers, before he shook it and made it four.

"He he, tofu? You know how to charm a girl," she said

"I guess I could hang out for one more day."

"AWESOME!" Beast-Boy jumped up before falling back down. "We're gonna have so much fun! And I can't wait to see what your powers do when you REALLY cut 'em loose."

Terra froze before her eyes glowed yellow and the rock BB was sitting on tipped over throwing him into the water. "Sorry. I'm sorry. I'm so stupid! Don't tell! Please don't tell!" she pleaded when he swam back to the surface.

"Terra, it's OK you can't totally control you're powers. So what?" he asked.

"It's not the only thing I can't do. I can't control my powers, I can't find a home, I can't use manners, I can't even read! I just…can't."

"That's not true. You can control them, you just need practice. You can stay here, you can talk to Raven about manners, and you can learn to read. Besides, you can do things I can't, for example, controlling rocks, and being a girl. You can Terra. You can."

"Yeah…just promise you won't tell anybody. Ever!" she insisted.

"Sure."

"Swear it!"

"OK, OK, I promise! But really it's no big deal. If my friends knew they'd still like you."

"Yeah…maybe."


>