


ONCE AGAIN I HAVE NO EXCUSE. Except that I've been in school nonstop since early February and am experiencing severe burnout on literally all fronts. Also I kind of dropped FT for a while because I got a little bored of it and am not too happy with some of the more recent developments (especially the nonsense in 513, good god why), but hey, I said this would get finished and it will. I also severely chopped this chapter down, because honestly a lot of it was filler-ish nonsense, and not exactly relevant. There's only one chapter left, and it's much shorter than the rest and also already mostly finished! All I've got left on it is to finish typing up the final draft and proofreading, and then it'll be up. Unfortunately it might take a little while to get posted up, as I've got four final exams next week, and immediately afterward I head out of town for ten days.



My most heartfelt thanks to everybody who has stuck through with this story since the beginning, and I'm so terribly sorry for how long I've made you all wait while I got my shit together. You're the best.



Disclaimer: Anything you don't recognize as canon most likely belongs to me unless otherwise noted.


Fairy Tail


and all related canon belong to Hiro Mashima.



Warning: Implied and/or non-graphically described sex, heavy angst, character death, alcohol, vulgar language, vague descriptions of body horror, etc.



Pairing: Gray Fullbuster x Juvia Lockser, with minor Natsu x Lucy, Mirajane x Laxus, Erza x Jellal, etc.





Scream




He dreamed, and he remembered.



"Juvia is the Rain Woman of the Element Four."



Gray Fullbuster stared, nonplussed, at the woman dressed in blue who had appeared from seemingly nowhere in front of him. He barely registered the rain on his skin at first; to him who had an Ice Maker's power, it felt warm. Almost annoyingly so.



He didn't necessarily
hate
the heat, but it was uncomfortable and always forced him to put a little more effort into his creations so they didn't melt too fast.



That the girl and the rain had appeared at roughly the same time when previously it had been sunny out was too much of a coincidence for his liking. He'd read enough books and seen enough lachryma viewers to know how this would go. Though even he could not have guessed just how connected the two were...



They fought. He won, she lost, but just barely.



He also saved her life. Enemy or not, Phantom Lord or not, he could not bear to watch her die, not when he was capable of saving her.



The way she looked up at him as she lay there on the soaking wet ground afterwards was radiant. The sun, finally peeking out from behind the clouds, lit her face, and he discovered that her eyes were not black as he'd initially thought, but a very dark shade of blue.



Radiant...yes, radiant. She looked as if she
felt
radiant, too, mixed joy and fear and confusion. It was the only way he could describe her at that moment in time, and he felt his heart give a sudden small thump when her eyes met his.



And then she passed out, steam literally coming out of her ears, and he forgot all about his own odd reaction to her in order to panic and wonder if he'd accidentally killed her after all.



"You saved me," she told him months later. "You took the rain away."



He didn't understand what she meant.



"You are...you are the sun. You sent the clouds away, and for the first time, I felt warm."



Gray had a very brief and embarrassing thought: How could she say that
he
was the sun, when she was the one who had shone that day?



And then he shook his head and turned away from her, annoyed at himself for thinking such a cheesy thing. But when he looked back, she was still smiling at him, and her eyes were once again lit up by the light of the sun.



He blinked, and to his consternation, she was no longer there when he reopened his eyes a split second later. The sun dimmed, the sky covered by thick, angry-looking storm clouds.



Her eyes had always reminded him of the ocean. That was where she had been going...that day. To the ocean. He couldn't remember the exact place or town she was supposed to travel to, but it was a start. Whatever the case, he couldn't let her get away from him again. It was time to continue his search.



Maybe...maybe he would find her there, in the water she had loved so dearly. He turned, and within that motion, he found himself falling, down...down...down.



He landed with a great splash, and then dove below, to a place where the sun could not reach.




Gray dreamt of deep water.



Juvia of the Great Sea, she'd called herself back then. Juvia of the Deeps. Many titles, all invoking the same image.



"Juvia likes to swim sometimes. She does not need air to do so, so she can stay under as long as she likes!"



Maybe if he dove down deep enough, he could find her again. Maybe that was where she would be.



He dreamt of deep water, and found nothing but the dark. And down there, he drowned, desperately clawing at the water for purchase to climb back up to the surface—in some vague, foggy way, this made sense to him at the time, if he could only grab
something
—but he found nothing to grip. The water slipped through his fingers, and he sank further and further down into the dark.



He couldn't breathe, and his chest hurt with the need for air. He choked; a large bubble escaped his mouth. Horrified, Gray desperately grabbed at it, but it, too, slipped away from him and floated upwards until it was out of sight. A similar feeling to the one he'd had the day he'd lost control, on the first anniversary of...something terrible...something...



The memory slowly slipped away from him, just out of reach along with everything else he needed.



And then he hit the bottom, and suddenly, he was back in the clearing where he'd lost control that day he couldn't properly remember, sitting in the very middle of it. The water dropped to knee-level. He could breathe again, and did so with a great gasp, his chest heaving as he gulped in air.



When his breathing had calmed, he looked up to see that the small clearing was still razed to hell and back, the ice having not yet melted even though he knew it should have by now. He'd done this, he knew, that little bit of the memory returning to him. Had he really damaged this place beyond recovery? He felt...almost nothing about that. Just numb. Cold like ice, he thought with a humorless smile, and looked past the boulders split in two by frozen spikes.



Beyond the clearing was a gray mist that gradually faded into black. No trees besides those ringing the clearing, no sign of the town, and no sign of life. No Erza to find him and bring him home.



He was alone here.



Standing, he stared out into the dark beyond the clearing. Juvia was not here. She had never been here. Maybe that's where she was...out there...



"I'll find you," he said out loud. The sound fell flat in the air, a stark contrast to the echoes of the water lapping softly at his legs. "I'll find you," he tried again, louder. Still flat and dead. He wondered if anything else could hear him at all.



But that was a stupid thought, because there was no one else here. Besides the sounds of the water, this place was completely quiet. No insects humming, no small animals chittering and skittering away. Even the trees were completely still and silent when usually their leaves would be rustling against each other in the wind. But there was no wind, and Gray was alone.



Steeling himself, Gray began to walk. He stepped carefully around the trees and the boulders, not wanting to hurt them anymore than he already had, feeling almost stupidly guilty about having done so at all, and then he was past them, standing outside the small circle they had made around his landing spot.



He looked up, and saw, stretching above the water, more darkness. The only light in this strange world came from the clearing, which he was now leaving. He had no torch, no lantern, no source of light, and no one and nothing with which to protect himself from whatever may lurk outside of it besides his own strength.



"It will be enough," he said aloud to reassure himself. Just as it had always been.



"Mine wasn't," a voice whispered back, but when he whirled around to find who had spoken, there was no one there.




Gray dreamt of walking.



He walked. And walked, and walked, and walked. And walked.



The water made it tougher going, as he had to trudge through it instead of taking the brisk pace he might have ordinarily used. But even though he was quickly getting fed up, he didn't feel tired or sore. It was just...getting hard to move his legs. His arms, too. Neither set of limbs would move the way he wanted them to, try as he might to force them.



Eventually, he slowed.



Not long after, he came to a full stop, his legs simply refusing to go on any further.



Frustration built within him, along with panic again, sharp and acrid. "Why can't I move?" he cried to the void around him. He'd lost sight of the clearing ages ago, though he had no idea just how much time had passed since he'd left it. Nor did he know how he could find it again, even if he had wanted to. He thought he'd gone in a straight line since leaving it, but it was so dark and the water so cumbersome that he could have easily made any number of turns without ever noticing a one.



He was completely lost. Nor did he have any idea of how to find his way.



It was dark, and Gray was alone. Nothing but the water to console him, and even that was of no comfort.



"Where is she?" he asked it, staring down at it without seeing it. He could feel it still, lapping gently against his legs. Somehow he could still see himself, however, even with the lack of light. "Why can't I find her? It's important. I have to find her."



The water did not reply, and merely splashed against his legs with a quiet, repetitive, muffled slapping sound. Somehow, there were small waves even though there didn't seem to be any wind nor moon nor any kind of current that he could feel. He was already soaked through, all over his body, but it was not cold. No, instead, the water was almost warm...just like the rain had been.



Frowning, Gray reached down to touch it, his body finally responding to his commands again.



It receded away from him, beyond his already low field of vision, and then he heard it rise into a great wave. Alarmed, Gray tried to back away, to run, but before he could go more than a few steps, it engulfed him, crashing over him with too much force to resist.



He rolled helplessly, caught in the undertow, and had no choice but to let it take him where it would. The last he saw of that world was a light blossoming above the waves—he reached for it, feeling hope bloom in his chest—!



His fingers closed on nothing but dark water, and did not break the surface.



"No!" he tried to yell, but his words were muffled, replaced by a large bubble of air. "She's there, I have to reach her, please—!"



The light went out as suddenly as it had arrived, and Gray sank.



Deep water he'd found, but she was not there.




Gray dreamt of snow and ice.



Wearily, he realized that he recognized this place—it was the village where he'd been born, in the lands to the far north of Fiore. The snow fell in a gentle storm, though Gray didn't feel it at all. It might as well have gone straight through him for all he cared.



Then Deliora came.



With a numb heart, he watched silently as the creature destroyed everything, indiscriminately killing all living things who got in its way, be they animals or people, including Gray's own father and mother. This had been a common enough dream when he was small, still grieving over what had happened. Ur had woken him from this nightmare enough times while he was still her student...



But Ur was lone gone. She could no longer force him to wake up so he didn't have to face it, and so he watched as the great demon threw its head back and roared its victory to the sky while the village around it burned. Silver Fullbuster lay in front of him now, his head split open and eyes glazed over in death. Where his mother was, he didn't know—or at least, his younger self wouldn't have known yet. He would find her later, trapped in the wreckage of their house, her spine fatally broken by the wooden beams that had fallen on her.



Sick at heart, Gray turned and was immediately in the cavern where his mistake had cost Ur her life. It was a small relief to discover that he would not have to watch as his master gave her life to spare his again: the demon was already sealed within a massive block of ice. There was no sign of Lyon, however, even though Gray knew he should have been around there somewhere.



Staring up at the hateful face of the great demon, Gray spoke instead to the ice encasing it. "Please...please help me, Master Ur," he implored it. "I keep losing the people I love, and I can't stop it from happening. I couldn't help you, or Ultear, and now I've lost Juvia, too. Please...what can I do? How can I find her again? Where is she?"



There was no answer from the ice. Not that he'd expected one, anyway, but he still wished he'd gotten one. He was so sick of wandering around and finding nothing to help him on this hopeless quest, but he had to keep trying. The thought of failing or, worse, giving up was sickening.



Silence was his answer. The world was utterly still; even the snow had stopped falling. He was almost afraid to speak or make any sort of noise again, lest the spell be broken.



And then the ice cracked, and broke, and Deliora was free.



Horrified, Gray cried out and backed up in a rush, trying to put as much space as possible between himself and the creature. There was nowhere to go but the burning village behind him where his father and mother lay dead, and Ur—she was already gone and could never come back. She had failed to contain the demon. Lyon was missing still, and Gray was alone in the dark, as he'd been all along.



Deliora spoke.



"There is nothing to find," it snarled, in his father's voice. He hated it all the more for that; wanted to make it pay in blood for perverting his father's memory in such a way, but, gripped with the old childish fear and rage, he couldn't bring himself to say a word. All he could do was shake like a leaf and pray for it to be over soon. "You are alone," Deliora continued still in Silver's voice, terrible and mocking and hateful, so unlike the man himself, "just as you always have been and always shall be." It threw its head back and roared with laughter, then raised one enormous fist and quickly brought it down to the ground with a mighty crash, sending a wave of snow into the air.



Gray screamed as he was engulfed once more, unable to move under the crushing weight of the powder burying him. But he could still hear, and the demon's raucous laughter rang in his ears, unable to be blocked out.



"Gone, gone!" it crowed, "Gone forever! You deserve to be alone, and you always will be!"



Gray struggled as best he could, but it was no use. He was well and fully entombed, just as his parents soon would be. Terror gripped him, raw and horrible. He would suffocate down here before long. He'd seen the remains of people who had been buried in avalanches before, knew they never lasted for longer than a few hours before either the cold or the lack of air took them, if the avalanche itself didn't kill them straight away.



Was he doomed to suffocate down here, then? Or would Deliora simply stomp him to bits, leaving nothing but a pulp?



He struggled again, wild with panic and shouting vainly for help. "Father!" he cried, even though he knew the man was dead. "Mother! Master Ur! Help me! Somebody, please—"



It couldn't end like this! He still had someone to find, he had no time to be trapped when she was still out there somewhere! She was waiting for him, she
needed
him, and the longer he stayed here, the harder it would be to find her!



But then, a pair of arms wrapped around him from behind, and he felt himself being dragged downwards once more, back into deep darkness, even though he'd been on solid ground not a moment ago.



Both Deliora and the cavern were gone as suddenly as they had come, though snow still remained around him.



"Oh, Gray-sama," a breathy voice whispered in his ear. He felt his heart give a great thump in response, excitement chasing away much of the fear. "Juvia has missed you so much, Gray-sama..."



"J-Juvia!" he cried. The fear from before melted away entirely in the face of this victory, and, jubilant, he felt almost wild with it. She—she was here! Right now, she was here! He had to—to tell her how happy he was—had to—



But when he tried to turn and face her, he found he could not. Her arms were locked too tightly around him, and her fingers, for some reason as sharp as the claws Deliora had lain waste to his hometown with, now dug into his chest. He cried out in pain, but she did not react as he knew she should have.



And then he managed to look down at those hands, and saw that there was very little skin covering them. What skin there was, was rotting, tell-tale signs of electrical burns on the arms through the tattered remains of a dark blue dress. He cried out again, this time in horror.



"No! NO!"



Her chin laid itself on his shoulder then, as her legs tangled with his—she was hugging him, he realized, and it froze him in his tracks. Despite his horror, he could not bring himself to move away from her, not when it had been so long since the last time he had felt her touch. "Juvia has missed you so very, very much," she sighed in his ear, her body freezing cold and hard behind him, a mockery of the liquid warmth he had always associated her with. A frozen corpse...all that was left now...but no, that shouldn't be possible, she'd been...been...at the Kardia Cathedral in Fiore, not here in the frozen lands in the North...this wasn't right, it was wrong, all wrong!



This wasn't how it was supposed to be!



"We are together again, Gray-sama," Juvia said, and he could hear the mocking smile in her voice. "Your search is at an end. I cannot come back, but it was so very kind of you to come to me instead. So kind."



She turned him around then, and he finally got a good look at what she had become within this cold, wretched place. However, the smile from just a moment ago was nowhere to be found, and she glared at him hatefully from a ruined face.



"You did this to me," she hissed when he recoiled. "You deserve to see this! You should have come with me on my mission! If you had, I would still be alive!" Her fingers dug painfully into his back, sharp as knives. "And now you mistake another woman for me?! How could you do this to me?"



"I-I'm sorry," he tried to say, but the words wouldn't come out. Instead, he stared at her, horrified but both unable and unwilling to move his gaze from hers, drinking the sight of her in. It was her, wasn't it? For the first time in almost two years, he was seeing her again, the real her. Not a photograph or a memory, or a drunken hallucination projected onto another woman, but Juvia herself.



It sickened him how he could not muster up any happiness at this.



This wasn't how it was supposed to go. She was supposed to be happy to see him when he found her, and they were supposed to go back home and be happy together...



But that wish had always been useless, hadn't it?



"Gone forever," whispered his father's voice from somewhere around him.



"Gone forever," said Juvia, staring balefully down at him, her dark blue eyes narrowed and accusing. Her grip on him loosened somewhat, enough for him to finally pull away from her.



He staggered back, rubbing at the sore spots where her claws had dug near-gouges into his skin. They stared at each other then, her with cutting wrath and he with the sudden clarity that sometimes comes in dreams when one just knows something. An awful clarity, this, one that he may have decided to ignore, had he been given the choice.



He hadn't yet found her, and he never would. He understood that now. Perhaps even worse, he also understood why he'd been trying so hard.



"You are gone forever," Gray repeated, speaking softly. He could hardly feel the tears that now slid down his face, mixed relief and sorrow.



His search was over.



Or rather, to be fair, it had never begun in the first place. How could it, when she had been dead all along?



"You're gone," he said again. She nodded slowly, some of the awful hate leaving her ruined face. "I can't ever find you again. No matter where I go. Can I?"



She did not answer, and neither did his father's voice, but they didn't have to. He already knew.



"Juvia," Gray forced out, nearly choking on the words, "I'll never find you. I...I can't. You're gone."



"Why do you want to find me so badly?" Juvia asked, her voice gentler now. She no longer looked at him like she wanted to rip his throat out, but Gray couldn't bring himself to find relief in this. His heart ached in his chest, just as it had for more than a year now, each beat like that of a hollow drum. "What would you gain by finding me?"



"Everything," he breathed, and knew with overwhelming certainty that it was absolutely true. He repeated it for emphasis, "Everything."



Everything, indeed. So much they should have been able to...to...but...



He remembered the looks shared between Natsu and Lucy leading up to their wedding, and the small touches they had always given each other when they thought no one was watching them. The joy on Natsu's face during their wedding, eager for them to be united, and the loving way Lucy watched him even as he got ahead of himself. The way their hands had intertwined as they shared their first married kiss, neither letting go even once the kiss broke. It was doubtful either had even noticed any of this. The affection and laughter and trust that had accompanied their entire relationship, from the very first day.



He remembered Erza glancing to the side, always to share a lingering look with Jellal, and the way they'd danced together at the wedding reception, in each others' arms, for once so happy and content with no one to separate them. The relief on her face when he showed up with Meldy in tow, still wrapped in cloaks so as not to be seen by the authorities, and the softness in Jellal's eyes as he took in her form in her bridesmaid dress. The way Erza had smiled for the next several days, a promise of another reunion in days to come...



Mirajane smiling gently as she rubbed her belly, which would soon begin to expand as the child within it grew. Laxus now more often than not hovering near the bar, watching her with attentive eyes, quick to jump to her aid should she show any sign of discomfort. His large hands covering her belly and gazing down at it almost reverently: Gray had never seen his eyes so soft before.



Sting trying to protect Yukino from unwanted advances...Yukino exasperatedly taking his hand and dragging him away from the man he'd just punched, and the overjoyed, downright foolish grin Sting had turned upon her when she did. The way they'd just stared quietly at each other for a moment, lost in each other's eyes. The gentle way Sting handled her, the support Yukino gave him in return, the respect and trust they showed each other.



...Gray wanted all of that.



He wanted to be able to experience all of that for himself, to have someone to laugh with, someone who would love and care for him despite the mistakes he made, who made his heart beat and whose heart beat for him. He wanted to be able to hold that person whenever possible, to know that despite his shyness about his own feelings, she still loved him anyway. To get used to showing those feelings more and more, until the shyness between them was a thing of the past. To be able to reach out whenever he wanted, and have her reach back for him. To wake up to her every day and know he was the luckiest man in the world for it. To learn her secrets and tell her his own in return, and so strengthen their bond more and more each time. To hopefully one day ask her the most important of questions, and hear her tell him yes. Maybe after that there would even have been a new life brought into the equation, or perhaps even more than just one...



To share his life with her, to be one with her, and know that he made her just as warm and happy as she made him.



But the person he wanted to share all of that with was dead.



"I wanted..." He faltered, trying not to break. This was too much. It was all clear to him now, and it was simply too much.



"I wanted to share my life with you," he eventually managed to say. Juvia watched him curiously, a gentle smile on her face. But her eyes were blank, like those of a doll: this was not Juvia and never had been, because she was already gone. All this time, he had been chasing...nothing. Not even a ghost, because none of this had ever been real to begin with.



She had been lost to him the moment she'd left the guild that fateful afternoon, and the last time he had seen her was on the day of her funeral, cold and silent just before the lid of her casket closed.



This Juvia, the one in front of him, was not real. But he could pretend...for just another moment, he could...



He looked her straight in the eyes, saw them still blank but also still in her unique shade of warm, dark blue, and it felt like a stab to the heart.



"I love you. That's why I couldn't let you go. I...I love you."



The real Juvia, the one he'd lost, would have said it back. Would have leaped into his arms and repeated it too many times to count. This one, the one he'd found, merely watched him with muted curiosity.



He squeezed his eyes shut, unable and unwilling to stop the tears now. To hell with stopping them. He hurt, and there was nothing to soothe it now that he had allowed himself to understand just what had been plaguing him all this time. It was like lancing a long-infected wound, only to have it get even worse after the fact.



"You're g-gone. And it hurts...it hurts so much, Juvia. I love you, and I
need
to save you, but I can't ever find you. You're gone."



"I have
been
gone," she reminded him.



In response, Gray covered his face with his hands and laughed bitterly. Those simple words, the confirmation of it, was worse than anything he could have imagined. All of this for naught! He had hoped so much, but in the end, as they seemingly always were, his hopes were dashed.



This was something he had already known, but, on some deep and subconscious level, had simply refused to accept. His near-mistake with Julie was proof of that. On some level, he had been desperately trying to find her even though he knew damn good and well that she could not be found.



He had attended her funeral, for gods' sake. Had watched her be buried. Visited her grave several times a week. He knew exactly where she was.



There was nothing to find. Not anymore.



"I don't know what to...to do without you." He lowered his hands to stare at her pleadingly. "Please...isn't there anything I can...?" An idea struck him suddenly, one he knew was useless, but he had long since passed the point of rationality. He had the awful feeling that his time here with her, or rather, this representation of her, was growing short, and he was utterly terrified of leaving her here. If he did, he somehow knew with complete certainty that this would be the last time.



"I-I could stay here. With you," he offered, and even though he knew it would not work, it still broke his heart when she shook her head no. The gentle smile hadn't yet left her face, but it was now a sad one. It hurt to see that, too.



As he watched, her ruined form healed, and she was whole in front of him once more. Just as she'd appeared that last day, right down to the same dress and hat, and her long blue hair gleaming in some unseen source of light.



This was how he wanted to remember her, their last true moment together. Smiling at him, and loving him, even though he hadn't been able to say it back to her just yet. Hadn't even realized it, really. He would forever regret his own foolishness in that regard.



"I wish I'd gone with you that day. I should have," he confessed. The words poured from him, overflowing, but this was not the time for hiding anything any longer. He could not have stopped it even if he'd wanted to. "I really should have. If I had...you...you were right, Gajeel was right, I could have protected you and you'd still be alive. I'm sorry." He closed his eyes and breathed in deep. "I love you. I think I have for a long time. And it hurts that you never got to hear me say it. I...am such a fool. Just..."



He closed his mouth then, because if he had gone on, he would have begged her not to leave him. Would have offered her anything if she would just stay with him for a little longer.



He was only dreaming, he understood that now, and he dreaded waking up.



But...it would come. And soon, though how he knew that, he didn't quite understand. But it would come. He would awaken, and for once, he would remember and he would
know
.



He didn't know how he would deal with that. On the one hand, the dreams would stop and he would no longer be indulging in a doomed search each night without end. But on the other hand, in some way or another, he had been able to pretend to himself that he could still see her again. Ignorance was bliss, and he usually liked to know the truth despite that, but for once, he truly didn't know if he wouldn't have preferred to remain ignorant.



Regardless, whether he wanted it or not, he knew. It was better this way, he tried to tell himself. And for one last moment, he could pretend.



Stepping towards his dream Juvia, Gray took her hands, taking care to cover them with his own just so, reenacting their final moment together. The familiarity of this action was a fresh stab to the heart, however, and he lowered his forehead to their intertwined fingers to try and gather himself so he wouldn't break. His shoulders shook with the effort.



He felt her empty eyes fall to their hands, and felt it when she smiled lovingly, even laughed a little, and Gray took that precious sound and tucked it deep into his heart. He needed to remember her like this, and the joy in the way she laughed...how many of the same had she given him in the past, and how many had he taken for granted? Never again. Never again...



"This is the last time. I can't come back after this," he told her when he could speak again, looking into her eyes. But as he did, Juvia's form lightened and his fingers went through hers. His dream was breaking, because he was about to wake up. He had to finish before he woke up! She looked almost transparent now, and he clenched his fists to resist the urge to grab her again. He wasn't sure he'd be able to handle it if he went straight through her a second time; doing so would surely break him right in two. "I...maybe not soon, but someday, I hope...we can meet again. When that happens, I hope it's for good. And I hope that you will...will wait for me until then. The real you, I mean, I don't know how real this you is, but..."



The snowy void around them was growing brighter. Behind her, he could see what appeared to be a sunrise as soft light began to peek up over the darkened snow. No time left.



"It will always be you," he promised her, speaking as quickly as possible. He looked her up and down, frantically, then fixed his gaze upon her face, desperate to preserve this last memory. "Only you. I swear."



She smiled at him, almost dissonantly serene, and said something he could not hear in return, but in the next instant, they were both gone.




"Goodbye."



"Hey, buddy...hey, buddy. You OK?"

Gray Fullbuster's eyes snapped open, then shut against the late morning sunlight that poured from the open door of the carriage. He still lay across one of the long seats, wrapped in his jacket, his head resting on a throw pillow. When he opened them again, they landed squarely on the concerned face of the carriage driver, who was looking at him like he was an explosive about to go off.

"Buddy, you OK?" the driver repeated. "Heard you moanin' and whining in here. Bad dream?"

Shaking his head, Gray sat up and wiped his face with one jacket sleeve. He was unsurprised to find a good amount of liquid both there and on his pillow. "No," he managed to say thickly, then thought better of it. "In some ways," he amended.

The driver looked uncertain, but evidently decided it wasn't any of his business and shrugged. "Uh, well, OK then. Listen, though, we gotta get back on the road. You wanna pop up there and get Ms. Julie to get her butt down here so's we can leave?"

He nodded in reply, unable to speak for fear of something else slipping out. There was no other person on the planet who he wanted to see less at the moment, not with her strange resemblance and what had almost transpired between them the night before, but it was needed.

He was a Fairy Tail wizard and he...would...do his job.

The words sounded hollow and petty even as he thought them. Who knew
that
could ever happen?

And who knew something as simple as escorting a girl home could ever be so difficult?

But it was something to distract him from the other thoughts threatening to overwhelm him at the moment, and so he threw himself into his job with a single-minded conviction, making sure not to make eye contact with her when she opened the door of the hotel room. Beyond basic formalities, they did not speak to each other for the rest of the morning, and when the carriage finally rolled through the gates of Aspen Town and stopped in front of her family's rather roomy estate, he had to keep himself from breathing a sigh of relief.

He refused her rather stiff offer to have the carriage drive him all the way back to Magnolia, however. No, he needed to be alone, and he had several things to sort through in the meantime. He was fine to walk home.

She threw the reward money in his face and slammed the front door when he told her this, and he never saw her again.


The walk home was...empty.

In a way.

It had taken roughly four days (five, actually, thanks to the unexpected detour the previous evening) to reach Aspen Town from Magnolia, and he expected it would probably take at least twice that long for him to arrive back home on foot. Most likely longer, actually.

And so Gray walked out the town gates and into the forest to take the path that would lead back to the previous town. About an hour or so in, he was set upon by a group of bandits—possibly even the same ones that had once bothered Julie, the day she met Natsu and Lucy—and it was with great and vindictive pleasure that he beat each and every single one of them into the forest floor. By the end of it, he was wounded and a little dizzy from exhaustion, and his back ached something awful where one of them had gotten in a cheap shot with a blast of some kind of plant-based magic, but he had won.

He kept walking after that, keeping to the shade of the trees to prevent overheating in the summer sun, and let his mind wander.

Had he really been in denial about everything for so long? He'd always thought himself a strong-minded person with a good grip on reality, but last night had proved different.

She was...gone.

The reminder was still awful even after all this time, and made all the more nauseating thanks to his revelations from the night before.
Gone, gone, gone forever! I can't find her again, and I will dream of her no more!


Now he wondered if forcing himself to face the truth had been such a good idea after all. At the time it had certainly seemed like the best decision, the need to
understand
driving him to take action as soon as possible, but the reality of what that meant for him going forward was daunting. Before, he'd had something to...to live for, he guessed, for lack of a better term, something driving him even if it was a false hope in the end.

Now, though, there was nothing.

His goal had been an empty one, and he couldn't force himself to go back to it, couldn't pretend it hadn't happened. Could no longer ignore the way he felt, or what all of this had done to him.

And then, a truly sickening thought hit him.

Had
she
hated him, in the end? Had she, as she fought for her life that last day, remembered his refusal to go with her, and hated him for it? Did she blame him, as she had in his dream? As Gajeel still did, as he knew many of his guildmates probably did, too? Oh, no, no, that would be too much. His heart twisted at the idea of it, and it was suddenly an all-too-vivid picture in his mind: Juvia, dying, and cursing him within her last moments of life for not being there for her when she needed him.


"You did this me!"
the approximation of her in his dream had shrieked.

No, no, he hadn't...he hadn't, it wasn't his fault...

Gray had to stop for a moment, and he leaned his head against the trunk of the nearest tree, breathing deep and forcing his racing heart to slow. A soft wind blew, rustling his hair, causing his bangs to sweep across his sweat-soaked forehead and into his eyes.


Breathe. Just breathe.


No, no, she hadn't hated him. She'd loved him dearly, he knew she had. And he loved her, too. And that was the problem, wasn't it? He loved her, and the understanding of his own damned feelings had come two years too late. A bloody fool, that was what he was. And a coward, he thought, his mind flashing to the bottle of potion sitting in his travel bag.

Hurriedly, before he could change his mind, Gray opened his bag, took out the bottle, and poured the remaining contents out. He would not be asking for a refill, now or ever.

If he'd just let himself understand his feelings, let himself analyze things a bit deeper, stopped denying them, done
anything
other than what he'd actually done, then things would have been different. He knew this on a deep and fundamental level, knew it in his bones, in his heart, and it was quite possibly the worst knowledge he'd ever been faced with. It was his own fault that everything had turned out this way. His own fault they never had a chance.

Perhaps she'd resented him for that. For never giving it a chance when so clearly it had been right there in front of him. Maybe even hated him for it. Gods knew he resented himself for it, so why wouldn't she...

He spent the rest of the ten day walk home with this thought periodically resurfacing, and pushing it away, only for it to come back again with a vengeance a short while later. By the time he arrived back at Magnolia's city gates, dusty and tired and looking more than a little haggard, however, he rather thought he'd more or less gotten it under control.

Perhaps with time...perhaps with time...

It was a fear that would stay with him for all the years of his life still to come, try as he might not to entertain it.


In February of the next year, Gray became a godfather, beating out a rather aggravated Natsu and Elfman for the position.

Mirajane's baby was born on a rather windy and rainy morning, as turbulent as the father's temper, after a grueling eleven hour-long labor, and Gray could swear he saw lightning flashing in the baby girl's eyes as she wailed while her umbilical cord was cut. He managed a smile, watching a still-panting Mirajane as she and Laxus (whose fingers were at the very least sprained by his fiancée's steel grip on them while she'd struggled through her labor) stared almost anxiously at their daughter.

They called her Yulia, which Mirajane had apparently found in a baby names book and decided was cute enough for the child. Laxus had tried to argue for something else, but was consistently shot down by his fiancée's watery eyes every time he brought it up.

"Yulia Dreyar," Gray murmured, too low for anyone else to hear. "Welcome to the world."

He drank the sight of it all in and committed as much as he could to memory, because it would all would be related in excruciating detail later in the day to a certain gravestone which he was still in the habit of visiting as often as he could. He still no longer heard her voice, but he had by then come to terms with that fact.

Instead, he just watched and mentally recorded everything, determined to still keep her up-to-date with the goings-on of their guild. This and the memory of her last laugh kept him sane, and kept him on his feet, and he found some strange kind of pleasure in the telling. Juvia would still want to know what was going on, no matter what, and he would do his best to keep her informed for as long as he lived.

He didn't know it at the time, but Yulia was just the first of many children to eventually come Fairy Tail's way in the years to come.

Perhaps naturally enough, she was the apple of her parents' eyes, having inherited her father's blonde hair and her mother's blue eyes, as well as her father's sharp tongue. Absolutely no one was surprised when, at the age of five, she announced to the guild hall that her daddy was teaching her his lightning magic and that they would all be sorry if they crossed her from now on. Laxus, by this time Guild Master after his grandfather's passing of old age a year prior, beamed at her proudly from his place by the bar where his wife hummed contentedly and calculated how much money would likely be going into hall repairs once her daughter began joining in the daily brawls.

Two years after Yulia's birth, in late summer, Gray found himself a godfather for the second time when Natsu and Lucy's first child was born, a little girl by the name of Evelyn, who would grow up to share her mother's blonde hair and brown eyes. She was followed seven years later by a little boy named Seliph, and anyone who so much as looked at the boy wrong would have his older sister immediately in their face, demanding to know what their problem was.

A year after Evelyn came Jellal and Erza's twins, two red-haired boys named Roy and Mako, and a few years after them came a blue-haired daughter named Helena. All three shared their father's hazel eyes.

Gray weathered the storm of children as they came, playing babysitter as needed so their haggard parents could go and either get proper rest or make some money, and he loved each one as best he could. Yulia seemed to favor him over all the rest of her aunts and uncles in the guild, always doing her level (and often belligerent) best to drag him into participating in guild events, however, and for the sake of his own peace of mind he pretended not to know why.

He really didn't need a ten-year-old know-it-all taking pity on him for being alone, thank you very much. That girl eavesdropped entirely too much on her elders, he swore, especially the gossipers. Those were the ones who still lowered their voices when they spoke of him, wondering when, if ever, he would recover from his "great tragedy" (as some referred to it, an aggravating title if there ever was one) and learn to live again.

His only answer to that was that he was living, in the only way he knew how. What did those gossipy old farts care about his lifestyle? It wasn't like it was destructive or unhealthy, and besides, it was his own to do with as he liked.

They also had no goddamned business talking about that shit within earshot of any of the kids. Especially not ones as stubborn and well-meaning as his oldest godchild.

And so the years began to pass. Gray continued to visit Juvia's grave several times a week. His constant offering of blue flowers had been toned down to only a couple times a month at the request of the cemetery's caretaker, who had complained fervently about what a pain it was to clean up scads of blue petals each week. Nonetheless, he kept talking to her, telling her of everything going on in his life, their guildmates' lives, and anything else he thought may appeal to her.

Her headstone, thanks to the magic applied in the cemetery, remained fresh-looking and unweathered by either time or the elements, a fact for which he was grateful at times and not-so-grateful for at others. Sometimes, kneeling there and speaking to it, it was as if no time at all had passed since it was first laid.

Once, when rather drunk and visiting her after a particularly raucous guild party to tell her about his first completed solo S-class mission, he had taken that exact thought into his head as if it were true, and spent the next half hour in straights over the thought of being forced to repeat the last decade and a near-half. Remembering that thirteen years had indeed gone by since she was gone was both relief and pain.

He continued to change with time, while her picture in the stone remained the same. He was now 31; would she even recognize him anymore? Would he recognize her? Did he even have a right to keep coming to see her, or was that now inappropriate?

After a few minutes of debating on this, he decided that whether or not it was inappropriate, he would continue. It wasn't right to abandon her after so long. She didn't deserve that.
He
didn't deserve that, either, not when he was pretty sure the sheer habit of these visits over the years was what had kept him sane.


In early autumn of X808, the year he had turned 35, Gray walked into the cemetery through its creaky old gate entrance late one night, soaked to the bone from the sudden heavy rain shower that had rolled across Magnolia out of the blue, and cursing himself for not having brought an umbrella. Making one of ice was obnoxious; it kept him dry, but the warmer temperature of the rain meant he had to keep it constantly replenished with more of his magic so it wouldn't melt and lose its shape, and his reserves were already quite depleted from his latest mission, which had involved taking down an entire guild made up of Dark wizards just itching to harass the innocent people of some town to the north. Luckily enough, the storm had gone away as quickly as it had appeared, but it still sucked.

God, he was getting old. Maybe too old to do that shit anymore. Some of those guys had actually been
strong
, damn them. In his experience, those who usually bothered to band together in Dark guilds were usually weak, bottom-feeders who latched onto each other for survival and to have others of a like mind around. They fed off of each other, a never-ending cycle of vanity and greed, vermin of the worst degree.

His whole body ached. Tomorrow he'd go by Wendy's house and ask her to take a look, just in case...but first—

Gray stopped suddenly, however, when he saw that someone else was already there. Moreover, that someone was standing where
he
usually stood during these visits.

He recognized that blonde hair, and the fur-lined coat.

"Yulia? What are you doing here? It's nearly midnight, shouldn't you be at home?" He approached her with a frown. His fourteen-year-old goddaughter whipped around, her long yellow braid nearly smacking him in the face from the force of her turn. God, she had gotten tall—she could nearly look him in the eyes now, though he suspected that was partially the fault of the rather high-heeled leather boots she had taken to wearing in recent years. Still. When had his first godchild gotten so damned
big?


"Uncle Gray!" She grinned and moved in to give him a hug, squeezing him hard enough to make his aching body wheeze, and then pulled back, bouncing on her heels. "What's up?"

"I could ask you the same question," he said dryly, though not without suspicion. Yulia...didn't usually bother much with former members of the guild. None of the children did, really, not that he could blame them, not when so many of those former members had left it before any of them were born. "It's nearly midnight," he repeated. "Won't your mother be worried?"

She shrugged both shoulders, thinly-veiled arrogance and pride in her own abilities in the gesture. "Mother doesn't know I'm out here; she's been conked out since early tonight; her and Daddy both."

Gray snorted. "You really think so?" If Mirajane didn't actually know the exact minute details of her daughter's impromptu trip, he'd eat his own ice.

Yulia had the grace to look a little worried, but then her father's arrogance took over again, and she brushed it off. "Whatever, I'll deal with that when I get home." She then looked down at the headstone, which, having been kept polished, was repelling the rain and collecting puddles which ran into and out of each other at random. The picture was distorted by one of these puddles, looking like it was under a faulty magnifying glass.

Gray knelt down and swept the water off of it. Juvia smiled up at him, and he smiled back.

"She was important to you."

He looked up at his goddaughter's voice, though not at her. After a moment, he turned his head back down towards the stone. "Yes," he replied lightly. "Very much so."

"That's what Mother told me, anyway," said Yulia, acting as if he hadn't spoken. "She said once, a long time ago, that you and that Juvia lady were real close and
probably
would have gotten married, but then something happened and she died and you were alone. She said you come out here a lot at night to see her, but I didn't realize just
how
much until I started following you before you left last week, and you came out here nearly every day! Why do you do it?"

Gray held up a hand to stem the tide of words, one thing in particular sticking out to him besides the fact that Mirajane had apparently given her daughter a very abridged account of events. "You were following me?"

He heard Yulia shift uncomfortably. "Well, I mean," she began uneasily, "it wasn't just Mother who said you come out here a lot. Aunt Lisanna and Uncle Natsu both said it, too, and Aunt Erza. And I mean, I knew you came here
sometimes
, but I thought it couldn't be so that you were here as much as they said, and I got really curious! I had to know the truth! So I decided to see if it was true or not, and it...sort of, uhh, is." She dragged the metal-tipped toe of one booted foot against the grass, scuffing it with green. "Are you angry?" she asked, looking up at him with anxious blue eyes. "I swear I didn't mean no harm, Uncle Gray, I was just really curious, and—"

He held up a hand again to silence her, turning around to face her. He smiled, and felt proud that it almost managed to reach his eyes. Gods, he was just so tired.

"I'll let it slide this time," he told her, but before she brightened, he said sternly, "but make sure it doesn't happen again. It's rude to stalk people. If you want to hang out, then just tell me, and we'll hang out."

...familiar words, those. Except he'd never really spoken them aloud before. Finally getting to, though not in the context he'd always imagined, was a strange feeling indeed.

"OK, I won't!" she chirped brightly, dragging him back to the present and making him snort.

"You won't stalk, or you won't do as I say?"

She smacked him playfully on the arm, and he winced, rubbing the sore spot. The girl really needed to get a handle on that crazy strength of hers; Evelyn and Seliph were the exact same way—probably a result of having Dragon blood, according to Porlyusica—and from what he had heard and even seen on rare occasion, so were Sting and Yukino's kids.

Damn, he really
was
starting to get old.

"So...what was her name?" Yulia asked.

He gave her a bemused side-glance. "You know her name; you said it yourself just a few minutes ago."

"I
know
I did," Yulia huffed, "but I want
you
to tell me these things. If you must insist on setting terms for me being around you, then you have to agree to a few of mine as well, that's how it works. And I want you to tell me all about this lady! I should know more about her, since she
is
practically my long-lost aunt and all."

Knowing there was no point in arguing, Gray quickly checked his watch for the time. Eleven minutes past midnight.
Gah.
It was late and he was practically dead on his feet; he should really send her home and then head off to bed himself...

Yulia's blue eyes shone up at him, bright and expectant.

...oh, what the hell, why not. If Mirajane and Laxus hadn't already stormed in here to reclaim their daughter, they probably weren't going to do it any time soon.

He sighed tiredly, but smiled a little bit to let her know he wasn't annoyed with her. "Alright, but listen well, because I'm not going to repeat myself. You hear?"

She grinned, flashing dragon-like fangs at him. "I hear!"

It was well past two in the morning before he finally managed to convince an enraptured Yulia that it was time to end the stories and go home, and she only did so after much complaining and whining. He managed to appease her by promising to tell her more later that week when he wasn't feeling like he was about to drop dead from exhaustion.

As Yulia climbed somewhat gracelessly through the window of her second-story bedroom, Gray looked towards another window on the second floor of the little white house he stood outside of. Mirajane waited there, slightly obscured by a delicate lace curtain and clad in a burgundy robe with her long white hair tied back in a loose braid. He could see the laugh lines that had begun forming on her cheeks.

She smiled at him, accentuating those laugh lines, and waved, and after waving back, he turned around and began to walk home himself, thinking wistfully of the nice long sleep he was going to have when he arrived.



Author's Note: The mentioned kids' ages as of the last scene and dates of birth are as follows:



Yulia Dreyar (14; born X794)


Evelyn Dragneel (12; born X796)


Roy and Mako Scarlet (11; born X797)


Helena Scarlet (6; born X802)


Seliph Dragneel (5; born X803)



There are, of course, other kids born to the various guildmembers, but I didn't really have a place to put them in, and anyways, these are the ones Gray mostly interacts with. You're free to fill in the gaps with the others if you want; all I'll say on that subject is that Sting and Yukino have
at least
five and they all drive their poor father up the wall and back down again. Rogue has no sympathy for him whatsoever.



None of the kids are named in memory of any other FT character because the only one I can really see doing that is Gray, who...doesn't have any kids in this story. So, um. Yeah. With the exception of Yulia and Helena, they all got random names tossed into and then pulled out of a hat.



Thank you so much for reading!


>