

Chapter 1

BPOV

"You wanted to see me sir?" I asked from the doorway of the Chief's office. I had just gotten back from some field work when the file clerk on our floor told me that I was needed. Usually, when people were called "upstairs" they were nervous. Not me, not this time. I knew exactly what he was going to tell me, and it was something that I had been waiting to hear for quite some time now.

"Swan, come sit down. I want to talk to you about something." I quickly obliged, not wanting to waste any more time than was necessary.

"As you know, your head field officer will be retiring within the next month. The position will be wide open then, and we will need someone to step in and fill it."


Yes, yes, yes!
I thought. This was it. I was finally going to be offered the job that I had been working my ass off to get since I started at the FBI five years ago. I was the youngest field agent, and a damn good one at that. My dad, Charlie, was the head of police back in Forks where I grew up. I had taken an interest in the career field, however I found myself wanting more than the small town that I grew up in. When I was 18, I moved to Seattle to attend UW and get my degree in criminal justice and psychology. With my dad's help, I was able to get a desk job at one of the FBI headquarters here. Eventually, I worked my way up and showed enough dedication that the Chief finally let me have my turn in the field. I impressed them so much with my first mission that they decided to keep me permanently.

"Well, I just wanted to let you know that you are one of the candidates for that position… We do, however, have a few other people in mind. You know that I am fond of you Bella, and your dad has been a good friend, but you'll need to prove to me in the next few weeks that you really have what it takes for this job. The other prospects are just as promising as you, and I want to give everyone their fair shot."

Well
shit,
I thought. That was not exactly what I had been hoping to hear, but if that was all I was going to get then I would take it. I tried to contain my disappointment when I responded.

"Oh… Wow Sir. This is great news, thank you so much for your consideration. I won't let you down, I promise you that." There, that sounded perfectly professional to me. Unfortunately, Billy had known me for a good portion of my life and therefore he knew that I was disappointed.

"I know this isn't what you wanted to hear, kid. Just prove yourself to everyone one last time." I could see his soft side coming through as he tried to encourage me with his words. "I have wind of a fairly large case coming up, but I need to look into it more before I make any decisions. I will let you know when I hear more. That will be all," he said, his tone back to professional.

As I walked back to my desk, I got a text from Alice, my best friend since childhood.


Bella! I met this guy today… I really think you two would hit it off. He gave me his number to give to you since I told him all about you! Call me later so that I can give you all the gory details. XOXO


I groaned internally. I was so not in the mood to be set up on another one of Alice's blind dates, but I just didn't have it in me to fight with her right now. I would call her back later.

Sitting back down at my desk, I started to go through some of the case files on my desk, completely tuning out the world. Sadly, my peace was not long lived as I felt the presence of someone standing by my desk. I looked up into the most devastating beautiful green eyes that I had ever seen. They were pissed.

"God dammit, Bella.
I
was the commanding officer on that raid, not you! I can't believe that you defied my direct instructions, you always listen to the CO! You could have gotten several of my men killed if you hadn't been right about the position of the explosives on the inside!" Edward seethed.

I rolled my eyes. Edward Cullen may be the most devastatingly handsome man that I had ever met, but he was also the most infuriating man on the face of the planet. I had known his since we were little, me being best friends with his sister, but we never talked all that much. When he went away to college two years before me, I had never known that we desired the same career path. I had thought he wanted to be a doctor, but imagine my surprise when I saw him here on my first day. Ever since I started my work as a field agent, we had been at each other's throats. He was very good at his job, though I would never admit that to him, and so was I. We never agreed on anything, and we were always competing to be better than the other. There was no doubt in my mind that he was one of the contenders for the head position.

"For the last god damn time,
Edward,
I did not have time to tell you of the change of plans. I saw what I saw and I moved as quickly as I could without much of a hitch being put into the plan!" I growled right back. He was now tapping his foot impatiently and pinching the bridge of his nose.

"Either way would have worked,
Isabella,
you just wanted a reason to go over my head. Like always!" He snapped right back.

"My way was better," I said nonchalantly.

"No it wasn't!"

"Yes it was!" Our debate was becoming more heated the more we acted like complete children.

"No it fuc-"

"Problem here, guys?" Chief said, looking over the short wall that separated my desk from Mike Newton's.

"No, sir," we both said in unison.

"I was just leaving, actually. Have a good afternoon Ms. Swan. Chief," Edward said, giving a little nod. I didn't miss the way he spat my name like it was poison.

"Bye Edward!" I said too enthusiastically, with a huge smile on my face.

I saw him ball his fists at his side as he walked away, really looking like he wanted to hit something.
Good,
I thought.
I hope you break you hand you smug bastard.


This was how our encounters usually went, and it was no secret that Edward Cullen and I could absolutely not stand each other.

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

A few days later, Chief called me back into his office. When I walked into his office, I saw a head of copper hair sitting in a chair in front of the big, oak desk. Chief was on the other side, looking a little nervous. When Edward looked up at me, his face went hard.


Great,
I thought internally.
More time with Edward. Goodie!


"Swan, sit down. I have some very important information to discuss with you two."

As I walked to the seat next to Edward, I saw his body tense up. I didn't like being this close to him either, but he didn't need to be so fucking rude about it.

"We have some new information on James Baratta. He has relocated with some of his men to this area. I am going to need the two of you to go undercover and get some information on him so that we will finally have enough to hold up in court," he explained. I was the one who was now tensing up, and I felt as though my fingernails were going to puncture my palm from the fist I was making. I was not going to spend more time with this prick than I needed to, and I was definitely not going to go undercover with him. I started to open my mouth when the Chief stopped me.

"This will be a huge break, and we may finally get to put one of the biggest mobsters on the West coast away for good," he eyed us both closely.


The promotion.


Well, shit. I was counting on Edward to say something to get us out of this mess, but by the smirk I saw on his face I knew he was not going to be the one to break down and refuse the offer. I sat back in my chair letting out an aggravated breath. Well, if Mr. Cocky Asshole was going to be taking the job, then I would too. There was no way I was letting him get this promotion.

"As long as there are no objections, you two will be starting tomorrow. You can have the rest of the day off to prepare for tomorrow, at which time we will be briefing you more on your mission. For now all you need to know is that you will be going undercover and be at a close proximity to James at all times. You will be searching for anything and everything that we will need to finally put this guy away. Got it?"

We both nodded, pointedly ignoring each other. We both stood to walk out of the room.

"Oh, and guys? One more thing." We paused.

"You will be posing as the married couple living next door."

"WHAT?!" We yelled in unison.

Oh, fuck no.

>