

So this is a plot Miyavilurver and I been wanting to do since forever, and we actually have another Shima/Yukio side in the making as well. Hope you enjoy! Leave us a review and tell us what you think.

As a side note, the Okumura twins were born in 1993, making them 6 at the moment since their birthday is in December. The Kyoto trio are also 6 at the moment. They are all in their first year of elementary school.



Sincerely



It all started in the beginning of first grade. Every student had written down their names on small cards and handed them into the teacher.

Rin's name was messy. He was proud of his regardless because usually you couldn't read it at all. But he'd concentrated very hard to make sure he could do this right. After all, this was going to be the first step in getting a new friend. He had to make a good impression.

"Nii-san? Are you almost done?"

A small voice piped up beside him and Rin turned to smile brightly.

"Yeah, I think so." He lifted up the card and showed his brother the messy scrawl.

"Ah! It looks better than normal!" Yukio seemed impressed and smiled, pushing up the glasses that were too big for his nose. Rin grinned proudly and stood up to run and hand it in to the teacher.

All the cards were put in a box and that box, the teacher explained to them, was going to be mailed to an entirely different school all the way in Kyoto. In return, they were going to receive a box full of names too.

Then they'd all get a name from the box and, for the rest of the year, they'd have a pen pal.

Rin was excited. He didn't make friends easily because he accidentally hurt people all the time. But with a friend all the way in Kyoto, there was no way he could hurt them! It was perfect. He'd finally have a friend. He came into school every day from then on, asking the teacher if they had the box from Kyoto yet. The answer was always no until a week later.

"Is it here yet, Sensei!?" Rin ran into the room with bright and hopeful eyes. The teacher smiled and patted a box on her desk.

"Right here, Rin-kun. It came in the mail last night!" she said happily. Rin's eyes widened with wonder and he jumped up and down excitedly.

The teacher ushered all of them to sit down and one by one, she walked around, handing each of them a card.

"Sugu…ro…" Rin read each character out loud, squinting his eyes, "R… Sensei!" He showed the card to his teacher when he couldn't make out the second name. The teacher looked at it and smiled.

"Ryuuji. Suguro Ryuuji." She smiled.

"Suguro Ryuuji!" Rin repeated happily. He looked at Yukio's card and attempted to read that out as well. "Shi…ma…Ren…zou… Ah, Yukio, you're lucky! Yours is easier to read!" He huffed.

Yukio smiled and pushed up his glasses. "It's kinda messy but I can read it too."

Rin looked at Yukio's card again, noticing the pretty average handwriting. He then looked at his own card in greater detail.

The handwriting was really nice. Almost perfect. It looked like the handwriting in their school books. Rin wondered if, for a moment, that maybe Ryuuji would be impressed by his own handwriting just as Rin was impressed with his.

>