


AN:
Hey, guys! We meant to update this last week, but this chapter was a tough one. We'll be updating UNT next week, so keep out an eye for that!

As always, thanks for reading and for all your encouraging comments! We love hearing from you. Hope you enjoy!


The Demon King Amaimon gave his self-proclaimed brother a wave that seemed more like a casual salute. Next to Rin, Izumo took a step back and spluttered.

"A-Amaimon?
That
Amaimon?! What's a big shot like him doing
here
?"

Amaimon's gaze shifted to look at her.

"Hmm? Who are you? You're not supposed to be here."

Izumo's mouth snapped shut as those eyes focused on her. The Demon King chewed on his thumbnail for a moment before pointing at her in a sharp motion. "Take her away."

At his command, the imps around him straightened up and turned to look at Izumo. Though they had looked like nothing more than needy kittens just seconds ago, they were now staring in the exwires' direction with a vicious, demonic intent. Rin's eyes widened.

"Izumo, run!" Rin turned and pushed her towards the hallway. "Get out of here!"

"W-What about you?!" Izumo turned her head to look at him and gasped as she saw the imps sprinting forward. "We need to go! Get rid of them!" she shouted as she ran out of the room, pulling Rin with her.

"Right!" He felt a small bout of nerves churn in his stomach. Izumo was holding the hand that had the smudged writing. No, he didn't have time to read. He would just have to remember. Rin looked back towards the small demons and the words came to him.
Don't stutter!


"O Lord my God!" Did he get it right so far? "I have cried to you for help, and you have healed me!"

Every imp in earshot shrieked and disappeared in a black mist. Rin's eyes brightened. "I did it!" he cried and ran faster in order to drag Izumo along instead.

"Tch." Amaimon's eyes narrowed. With his imps gone, he had no other choice than to go after them himself. He launched himself forward, catching up in two quick jumps. Before any of them could even register his proximity, he wrenched Izumo away from Rin.

"H-Hey!"

Izumo stumbled as she was pulled into the Demon King's chest, her heart racing with fear.

"That wasn't nice," he told Rin with a scolding tone that didn't match his bland expression. "How would you like it if I get rid of your friend too?"

"Izumo!" Rin gripped the Kurikara, his fingers curling around the buckle of its sleeve. "Let her go! She has nothing to do with this!"

Amaimon's eyes flicked up to where Rin's fingers were before looking down at the girl in his arms. "That's not true. She's the one who told you to get rid of my friends."

Izumo shivered as she felt a sharp nail brush against her cheek. She froze in place as it slid down to her mouth.

"Maybe I should cut out her tongue."

"LET HER GO!" Rin screamed. He had to get Amaimon away from Izumo by any means necessary. "I was the one who did it! She didn't do anything!" The sleeve slid down, revealing the sword's handle. "So come get me instead!"

Amaimon tilted his head. "Hmm." His hand fell away from Izumo's face. "Alright. Let's play! But first..." He grabbed Izumo's wrist and in one strong pull, he flung her out of the way.

"Gyaaah!"

Izumo's body went flying through the air, past the stairs, and into a room via its windowless entrance. She bounced twice across the floor, her scream going silent as she slid limply to a stop.

"IZUMO!" Rin ran towards her and fell to his knees. He grabbed her face and sighed with relief when he heard her breathe. His hand reached for the Kurikara which had fallen to the floor beside him, but his heart dropped when his fingers met air.

"Ah, so this is the Demon-Slaying sword..."

Rin whirled around to see Amaimon, just two feet behind him, dropping the sword's sleeve on the floor. He was carefully examining the scabbard.

"Hey! Give that back!" Rin lunged at him, trying to snatch the Kurikara from the demon's hands. Amaimon hopped back until he was well outside Rin's reach, taking the sword along with him.

"No, I don't wanna," the Demon King said. He eyed the sword in his hand speculatively.


"—was that? Team Brown, is everything alright?"


There was a crackle of static coming from the walkie talkie on Izumo's waist. Rin glanced back at it, but the urgency of the situation soon doubled.

"Well, let's see how it works."

The moment the words escaped Amaimon's lips, the sword was pulled off of its scabbard. The Kurikara's blade shone faintly for a split second before the metal burst into bright blue flames. Rin's body soon followed suit. His tail fell out from under his shirt while his ears and teeth grew.

"Give it back!" Rin snarled, feeling the power of the flames thrum under his skin. Amaimon was several feet away but Rin was loath to leave Izumo alone. He glanced back towards her again and then down to the flames on his hands. He didn't have a choice. Rin rushed after Amaimon. He would just have to keep the Demon King busy.

"Hold on a second. I'm busy right now." Amaimon jumped out of Rin's way again and sheathed the sword. The flames on Rin's body extinguished and his demonic features diminished alongside them.

"Hmm." Amaimon kept an eye on Rin as he opened and closed the sword once more. Rin snarled as he continued to chase after him but Amaimon was undaunted.

"I see," he said, more to himself than to anyone else. "So the sword is connected to Gehenna and the scabbard is the gate itself. If the sword is sheathed, the gate closes, and when it's drawn, it opens again."

The Demon King unsheathed the sword once more and his lips twisted up, just a bit, as he saw Rin's body burst into flames again. "This means that while your body exists in Assiah, your power rests in Gehenna. Interesting. Well, let's keep it like this then. It'll be funner this way!"

"Give it back NOW!" Rin leapt at him. He felt panicked and humiliated, being treated like no more than a toy by a child who was trying to figure out how it worked. And who knew what the other would do to the sword if he didn't get it back soon. It wasn't only precious to him. The Kurikara was also precious to Ryuuji's family. He had to take care of it!

"If you want it back, you're gonna have to come get it!" the demon taunted.

Amaimon evaded Rin by heading down the long hallway on the second floor. Rin ran after him without hesitation, but Amaimon was faster. He ducked into one of the unfinished stores, but by the time Rin reached it, the Demon King was nowhere to be seen. Rin's tail slashed the air agitatedly as he looked around, peering over the abandoned stepladders, the metal frames that made up the ceiling, the stark, beige walls. The Kurikara's scabbard lay in the middle of the room, abandoned.

"Where are you!?" he called out as he approached the scabbard with wary steps.

"You'll have to try harder than that to find me~!" Amaimon cajoled in a singsong voice that seemed to echo all around Rin. "Come on, catch me if you can!"

Rin growled. "This isn't funny!" he shouted, clenching his fists. With his fingers keeping a tight grip over his scabbard, he spun on his feet, looking around once more. His long ears twitched as he tried to find the source of the voice.

"Oh, that's right. I forgot to tag you." Amaimon appeared in front of Rin in a swift movement, jumping down from an uncovered vent in the ceiling. He leaned into Rin before the other could react. "Tag! You're it!" he announced as he flicked Rin's forehead.

The seemingly light touch felt like a truck crashing square into his head. He was tossed like a rag doll through the air, the breath snatched out of his lungs by the velocity.

Rin slid to a stop in the large hall, his head hanging off the edge of a huge hole in the floor. The scabbard slipped from his fingers and teetered on the edge. One look downward had Rin's heart beating as he stared into the courtyard in the floor below. The vertigo hit him and he quickly backed away, thankful that the room had been empty.

"Hey! What are you waiting for?"

Amaimon was peering over the destroyed wall with Rin's sword hanging from one shoulder. When Rin turned to look at him, the Demon King grinned tauntingly and beckoned him over.

"You
bastard!
" Rin snarled and launched into a run from all fours towards Amaimon. The demon didn't make much of an effort to dodge this time. He fell to the ground, enduring Rin's tackle at the same time that he prepared himself to throw the other off.

"Oh," he said as he kicked Rin in the stomach. He launched himself back up to his feet once Rin had flown over his head. "That's right. That means I'm 'it' again," he realized. The Demon-Slaying sword had fallen during their altercation, so he nudged it with his foot to send it back to his hand. It was resting over his shoulder again when he glanced at Rin, the blue flames coating the blade singeing through the fabric of his coat.

Rin was curled up on the floor, coughing as he attempted to regain his breath. His body was slowly healing the internal wounds Amaimon had caused. Rin worked himself up to his elbows and then his feet.

"Give it… Give it back!" he shouted as blood dripped from the corner of his lips. "That sword is… really important!"

"Is it?" Amaimon tilted his head to the side. "If it really was that important, why haven't you taken it back yet?" He gave the fiery sword a small, contemplative glance until an idea flashed across his eyes.

"Ah, I know! How about a race?"

Without even waiting for Rin to respond to his suggestion, Amaimon threw the sword at a slight angle. It zipped through the large corridor in seconds, disappearing from their sight as it crashed through several walls. "Come on!"

Rin gasped and bolted off towards the Kurikara. He felt his flames surge with his desperation. If he could get there before Amaimon… But the Demon King was faster than him and quickly took the lead, his tattered coat flapping behind him.
No!
His eyes widened and panic rushed through him. The flames around him blasted brighter and he leapt up towards him, landing on his back with his whole weight.

"Whaaa!" Amaimon stumbled and landed face first on the floor, leaving an inch-deep imprint on it. Rin took advantage of this and quickly scrambled off of him to keep chasing after his sword. Amaimon was pleased by this development, but as he dislodged himself from the ground, he saw the flaming tuft of the other's tail flick across his vision and his grin widened.

"Not so fast!" he said as he reached over and yanked Rin to him.

Rin screamed as pain flared across his entire body originating from the base of his spine. He crumpled to the floor immediately. Shivers and aching waves of discomfort kept him immobile as he stared up helplessly towards the room ahead of him where the Kurikara had landed. Amaimon caught up to it within moments.

"That wasn't smart, little brother." Amaimon dislodged the sword from a wall, causing a pile of plaster to crumble to the ground. "Honestly, are you even trying to beat me?" he asked as he balanced the hilt of the weapon on his index finger. "This isn't very fun. I hoped you'd be good for killing some time. If you're going to be boring, maybe I should just snap this thing in half."

Rin was still trembling with the aftereffects of the other's dirty move but the moment those words left the demon's mouth, his eyes widened.

"Don't!" he shouted, the blue flames rising on his skin. "Don't you dare!" He staggered to his feet, his knees still shaking, but he rushed forward nonetheless, growling.

Amaimon let the sword fall back into the palm of his hand and slammed one of his feet into the ground. The entire floor shook as a large crack split across it, but that didn't stop Rin from tackling Amaimon again. The teen grabbed the sword and tried to pry it out of his fingers but Amaimon's grip remained strong. He drove his other fist into Rin's face and Rin jerked back with a gasp, bones audibly cracking under the force of the blow. The Demon King aimed for his stomach next, and when Rin coughed a wet splatter of blood across his face, Amaimon grinned, eyes alit with more emotion than he'd shown thus far.

"Heh. Now this is more like it!"

He punched Rin twice more, watching studiously as the other's frustration rippled across his body, a sea of flames, wild and uncontrollable. The Demon King pushed his younger brother off and jumped up to his feet again, looking increasingly cheerier.

Rin was growling now, the sound rumbling deeply in his chest. The blue irises became jagged and the red of his pupils shone more prominently. He lifted up his head, panting harshly with blood dripping from his bared fangs. And then he gave a loud and angry roar. The blue flames burst forth from his body and he launched towards Amaimon with a new, feral strength.

This time, he aimed for the throat.

They crashed through the walls again, leaving a trail of sheer destruction behind, plaster crumbling off the walls, metal beams creaking under the wrong sorts of pressure. A cacophony of pure, unrepentant chaos. Rin's flames shone like a beacon around him and despite being pinned to the ground, Amaimon laughed as the other's hands tightened around his neck with a fracturing grip.

"Are you going to kill me?" he asked curiously, not the least affected by the pressure on his throat. The hand not holding onto the Kurikara rose and he grasped Rin's neck one-handedly, holding it just as hard. "Brother said I wasn't allowed to do that."

Rin snarled and clawed at Amaimon's arm before grabbing on to his wrist. The blue flames surged and enveloped them both, burning Amaimon's flesh. The Demon King didn't show any sign of pain except for a narrowing of his eyes. His grip tightened around Rin's neck, long nails piercing through the skin which immediately tried to heal.

They reached an impasse. Rin hissed and continued to struggle, losing his breath little by little while Amaimon's flesh blistered and peeled away under the unforgiving heat of the blue flames. Neither was willing to relent, so it was only a matter of waiting to see who would pass out first. Amaimon was considering delivering another punch to the other's face, but his ears twitched as he caught the approaching sound of hurried footsteps. A rush of excitement danced up his spine at once.

"Rin!"

The Demon King turned to look at the door just in time to hear the loud, ringing sound of a gun being fired. Without thinking about it, he shoved Rin aside, sending him towards the backside of the room. The bullet barely grazed him, imbedding itself in the space where Amaimon's head had been resting.

"You…? Who are you?"

Amaimon frowned, visibly disappointed by the figure standing in the doorway.

"Get away from Rin!" Ryuuji growled, pointing the pistol in his hands straight at Amaimon's face.

Rin emerged from the rubble, growling deeply. He looked up at the new figure in the room but something told him that despite the weapon in their hands, this person held no threat to him. So he launched himself again at Amaimon with nothing else driving him other than the urge to kill.

"R-Rin?"

Ryuuji's aim faltered and then fell away completely as Rin got within the barrel's sight. He stared wide-eyed at his best friend, at the snarling, bristling stranger that seemed to have taken over his body. He spared little attention to Amaimon who was still staring straight at him, even as he spun on his feet and kicked Rin out of the way.

"I said... who are you?"

Amaimon was pointing the Kurikara at Ryuuji now. The sight of the sword, engulfed in the same flames that covered Rin's body, shifted Ryuuji's focus.

"Why do ya have that?" he asked tersely, clenching his jaw as he pointed the gun at Amaimon again. "Drop it!"

"You're an eyesore," Amaimon told him flatly, unimpressed by his threat. "Scram."

Ryuuji growled. Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed Rin pushing another pile of rubble aside as he stumbled back up to his feet. "You're the eyesore!" he snapped. "Now drop the sword!"

The Demon King made no move to do so, merely opened his mouth to speak again, so Ryuuji pulled the trigger without warning or hesitation. The explosion was just as loud as it was the first time, just as fast, but Amaimon simply snatched the bullet out of the air, grasping it with the tips of his nails as if it had been rushing at him in slow motion.

"I don't want to play with you," Amaimon told him, frowning. There was an undercurrent of irritation in his tone. "Go away."

Ryuuji felt himself tense. Fear curled in his stomach as the realization of how powerless he was hit him. His finger trembled on the trigger as he wondered what he should do next, how he should move. His mind could barely process the thought before it was registering a myriad of other things: a thin, whistling sound, followed by a louder crack; a pinprick of pain spreading across the top of his right earlobe; his heartbeat skipping, mouth gasping.

Amaimon had flicked the bullet back at him and it was now imbedded in the wall behind him, having missed his head by a mere centimeter.


I almost died,
Ryuuji thought in a somewhat disconnected manner. He stared at Amaimon wide-eyed, unable to utter a word.

The silence didn't linger for long, hanging in the air for only a second before Rin rushed forward once more with a roar. He looked even more beat up and bloodied now but that didn't seem to deter him in the least. Instead, he looked more motivated, more feral; had they been alone, Amaimon would've given him his full attention and continued their game. The intruder was still here, however, so the Demon King simply stepped aside, holding out his left arm to snatch a fistful of Rin's hair as he passed him.


CRACK!


Amaimon slammed his younger brother into the floor. Rin went down hard and the ground beneath him splintered with the impact. Ryuuji's shocked stupor broke just as abruptly and he took a step forward, snarling in protest.

"Leave him alone!"

Amaimon briefly ignored the intruder to glance down at Rin who was, despite his injuries, beginning to rise again. Amaimon placed his boot on Rin's back and shoved him back on the floor, which gave another ominous
crack.


"Stay down, little brother. I have to take care of your friend first," he told him.

Rin didn't listen, of course, so Amaimon tilted his head in a contemplative manner before nodding decisively. With both of his hands grasping the hilt of the sword, the Demon King thrust the blade down Rin's back, piercing right through the muscle just inches below his shoulder blade and pinning him to the ground. A much-too-human screech of pain escaped Rin's throat, echoing throughout the room.

"RIN!" Ryuuji shouted. The gun in his hand fired without any input from his brain, five consecutive shots that didn't faze the Demon King in the slightest. Amaimon slapped the bullets aside before they even reached his chest, and in the next second, he was leaping forward and shoving Ryuuji into the floor. A choked sound escaped the tall teenager as Amaimon's fingers wrapped around his throat.


"B-Bastard!"
he croaked.

Rin clawed at the floor, unable to move due to the sword embedded into the floor. But despite all that pain, there was a single glimmer of thought. The mala on his wrist shifted gently among the flames.

"Rrr... Ryu...uji..."

Rin reached back over his shoulder, grabbing the blade and attempting to pull it from his back but the position he was in provided no leverage to do so. Blood bubbled up his throat and he coughed out a splatter but he paid it no attention. Ryuuji was in trouble. He had to get out. He had to get Amaimon off!

He whipped his arm out on a blind, desperate instinct and his flames followed in a large, tight ball. They crashed into Amaimon like a solid mass and the Demon King was tossed off Ryuuji and through the wall, back into the vast hallway.

The room trembled. The frames supporting the walls had suffered too much damage, were still creaking unsteadily, through the sound was much more noticeable now.

Ryuuji was taking huge, gulping breaths as he shakily rose on his elbows, adrenaline flooding his body from head to toe. The ache left by Amaimon's grip felt muted as his eyes met Rin's, which looked a little less wild, more
him
.

"Rin," he whispered.

"Ryuuji…" Rin panted harshly and gathered his elbows underneath him. He cried out as he pushed himself up on the blade to get himself closer to the handle. "Ryuuji... " He looked towards him again. "You… You gotta run!" He waved his arm towards him, insistent. "Get outta here!"

"Are ya kiddin' me?" Ryuuji sat up with a grunt, absently rubbing at his neck. His eyes were trained on the pained expression etched on Rin's face. "Hold up. I'm gonna get ya outta here too."

"No!" Rin had his palms pressed into the floor now, his body shaking. He was aware now of the holes in his memory, of how he'd blacked out again. The flames were still wild around him and he didn't know if he had the strength to keep control anymore. "Just run!" he shouted pleadingly. Surely it was only a matter of time before he lost control again.

Ryuuji let out a very angry
tch
. "If ya think I'm gonna leave ya," he began, feet pressing against the unsteady floor, nostrils flaring. A large chunk of the ceiling fell into the floor without warning, close enough to Rin to make them both jolt in shock.

"Shit. Rin!"

He took off then, barely feeling the floor beneath his feet as he closed the distance between him and his best friend. He got a solid grip on the Kurikara's hilt and immediately tugged it up, feeling it give. He hissed a quiet sorry as Rin bit back a whimper and tried not to look at the blood pooling beneath him, at the flames licking at his heels. They weren't gonna burn him. They weren't burning him.

The floor trembled again. Another chunk of the ceiling fell somewhere behind them. Ryuuji looked up and through both the crumbling hole in the wall and the doorway next to it, he spotted Amaimon in the distance, staring straight at them with a hooded look that unsettled Ryuuji to the core.

"
Shit.
" The sword was out. Rin was free. "We gotta go!" he hissed.

Rin held a hand over the wound on his chest and hacked one more splatter of blood before he made it to his feet. He took the sword in his own hand and stood in front of Ryuuji. "Stay behind me…" he muttered. Rin pounded a fist against his chest, growling and shaking away the dizziness.
Come on! Heal already!
It was healing, but much too slowly. The wound was big. It would surely take a minute.

But they didn't have a minute. Rin decided to ignore it and gripped the Kurikara with two hands. "Come on!" he shouted and ran forward. This time, with a weapon.

They made it out of the room just before doorway collapsed on itself. Ryuuji saw the gun he'd dropped earlier and reached down to grab it as they ran past. Amaimon was running towards them. Rin blocked his initial lunge with his sword and as he pushed him back, Ryuuji shot at him. The bullet pierced through his left leg before he landed, but Amaimon gave no sign that he was affected. His balance was steady and his gaze was solely on Rin. Ryuuji shot again. This time it bit through his cheekbone, just under his right eye.

He had his attention now.

"You're in the way, but I'm not allowed to kill you." Amaimon said it like it was a mantra and those were the only words he uttered before he was ducking under Rin's sword. Rin veered to his left, spinning on his heel. Ryuuji took a stumbling step back. Amaimon had his hand on Ryuuji's shirt before either of them could blink and then he was spinning too. Ryuuji didn't realize he'd been flung until he was already flying across the hallway and falling in the direction of the gaping hole on the floor that led into courtyard.

Rin didn't even think. He didn't waste a single breath before rushing after him. He jumped, releasing his sword in order to grab Ryuuji around his torso and hold him tight. Rin twisted them in the air just in time. They fell down onto a pile of rubble at the center of the courtyard, and he broke Ryuuji's fall with a grunt, landing on his back with his friend safely on top of him.

"Ughhh…"

The two laid in a pained daze and tried to catch their breaths. Ryuuji's mind was contemplating for the second time that day that he had nearly died, or at the very least, nearly gained some serious injuries. As it was, all he was right now was very achy, very warm, and very much
alive.
As was Rin, whose heartbeat was stuttering under his ear. Ryuuji let out a pained groan as he pulled himself off of Rin's chest to look at him, leaning his weight on his elbows which were being uncomfortably poked by several sharp pieces of stone. Blood dripped from the wound on his ear onto Rin's already blood-soaked shirt, but the two of them paid it no mind.

Instead, they breathed in. Two pairs of eyes scanned over each other, searching for signs of life in either one. The gazes caught one another. They exhaled with relief.

Rin's eyes snapped to movement over Ryuuji's shoulder and he pushed his friend off of him immediately. He didn't watch the bulky teen roll down the rubble. He caught the Demon King's wrist instead, just inches before his long nails embedded themselves into Rin's throat. Barely a second passed before Amaimon's head was jerked forward. A glint of steel pressed against his scalp and a tall figure stood over the two of them.

"Off," Shiro snarled with his revolver shoved against Amaimon's skull.

Amaimon stilled. His eyes slowly narrowed as he glanced up to meet Shiro's heated glare.

"It's you," the Demon King murmured.

Shiro wordlessly pulled back the hammer on the revolver. The very air seemed to freeze with that small double click.

Amaimon hesitated. There was a hungry flash of excitement flickering behind those green eyes but the emotion was gone within the same breath, dulled behind his usual dispassionate expression.

In the next second, Amaimon had detached himself from Rin, landing on the ledge of the second floor with a back flip. He stared down at the courtyard in silence, his eyes taking in the view before quickly flicking back to Shiro, then Rin.

"Ah, screw it. I guess I'll stop here," he said, holding Rin's gaze. He seemed to be ignoring Shiro's presence. "I'll come see you again, so until then..." He left those as his parting words before escaping in a quick jump, slipping through the gaps in the ceiling where the tarp covering it had come loose.

"Amaimon!" Shiro barked as Rin slumped backwards into the rubble. The exhaustion settled into his bones and he barely heard his dad uttering a curse. His flames suddenly snuffed out and he looked around to see the older man heading towards him with the Kurikara sheathed in his hand.

"Can you stand?" he asked as he crouched down in front of Rin. His voice was softer now, more familiar. Rin nodded immediately and rolled over to his elbows.

"Rin..." Ryuuji's quiet voice immediately drew his attention. He was standing at the base of the mountain of rubble, staring at Rin with a relieved expression as he absently rubbed his left shoulder.

"Ryuuji! Are you okay?" Rin felt strength return to him as he scrambled to his feet. He took back the Kurikara from his dad and hurried down the pile to get to his friend.

Ryuuji immediately stepped closer, meeting him halfway. "Are
you
okay?" he shot back, sounding just as worried as he reached out to touch Rin's shoulder.

A vague part of Rin wondered if he should allow Ryuuji to touch him. He was still aware of the holes in his memories and the only things he could remember were flashes of fire and rage. But Ryuuji already touched him so many times, stood unharmed in the fire that had burst from his body, that the hand on his shoulder was a welcome one. A comforting warmth. Although that didn't make the concern fade away.

"I can heal way faster than you can," Rin shot back with a growl. "Why didn't you run when I told you, huh? You could've gotten really hurt!"

Ryuuji stiffened. His earlier anger came back at full force.


And leave ya behind?
He gave Rin an incredulous look, furious that the other would even think of suggesting that.

"Yer shittin' me."

A strange voice caused both boys to tense. Rin was surprised when the source of the voice was just a little off to the left. He hadn't noticed her at all. There was a scantily clad woman with vibrant red hair standing a few feet away from them, staring at them like they were aliens. She turned to look at his dad with an expression of disbelief. "Ye've completely gone off yer rocket. Shiro, what the hell?"

"Wh-Who the hell are you!?" Rin shouted in shock as Shiro stepped down from the pile of rubble behind him.

"This is Shura." His dad responded before she did. "Kirigakure Shura. She's my apprentice."

Rin's eyes bulged in shock and he looked between the two of them. "Huh?! Really?!" His apprentice? Before he could voice his question, Shiro interrupted him.

"Shura." His dad was speaking politely and Rin recognized the voice from their days back in the monastery. "This is Okumura Rin, Yukio's brother and my son. His friend is Suguro Ryuuji-kun. They're both students of mine in the cram school."

"I know damn well who they are." The woman scowled. Her gaze darted towards the teens and the wary look she spared Rin was one that he was more than familiar with. Rin kept his eye on the woman as she took a moment to compose herself. "Well," she began with a patient tone, focusing her attention on Shiro again, "can't say I was expectin' this. Ye've really gotten yerself involved with some shit this time, haven't ya, Shiro?"

"It's had its ups and downs," Shiro replied casually as he put the revolver away in its harness. Though, when he took his hand out of his coat, it was with a slip of paper stuck between his fingers.

Shura glared at him. "This is givin' me a headache," she grumbled. She eyed Shiro's hand and tightened her grip on the hilt of her sword—a large blade that shrunk within moments. Rin's jaw dropped slightly as he stared at it in surprise, so only Ryuuji was watching Shiro as he swiped his blood across the small paper and summoned Tamiko.


'Yes, Shiro?'


"I need you to go sniff out a black hoodie." He crouched down in front of her and pointed off towards the east wing. "It should be a little ways down there and it smells like her." Shiro nodded towards Shura.

Tamiko turned and her eyes lit up in recognition.
'Hello, Shura!'
she purred as she trotted over to her and sniffed her pants.

Shura stood stiffly though the grip on her sword loosened slightly. She allowed Tamiko to sniff her without a word and once the cat sith had leapt away, she let out a quiet breath, releasing the remaining tension in her body. She lifted her arm then and the teens watching her were instantly alarmed as they saw her point her sword to the spot right above her chest, pressing the tip of it to the red tattoo she had there. Rin was about to step forward when the tattoo glowed as she muttered under her breath again. He watched wide-eyed as the blade slowly sunk into her body, disappearing from sight without a single drop of blood. His hand immediately latched onto Ryuuji's sleeve and gave a tug, pulling him closer.

"Did you see that?!" he hissed into his ear, his eyes brimming with wonder.

Ryuuji nodded, filled with the same sense of awe. "How…?"

The awe faded the moment Shura glanced up again. They way she was staring at Rin… Ryuuji's breath caught as he realized she must've
seen.
His fears were confirmed when she spoke next.

"Alright. This day's been gettin' more and more insane by the second. Shiro, this ain't somethin' I can just let ya can wave away easily, so ya better start explainin' what's goin' on.
Now
."

Shiro looked at them and Rin didn't like the look in the old man's eyes. He couldn't really pin it down, but something about it worried him deeply.

"Fine. I promised I'd tell you the truth," he said before he walked towards the two boys. Shiro held out his hand. "I'm going to borrow the Kurikara."

Rin's fingers tightened around the sword. After having had it stolen so recently, his first reaction was to say no, to hold it close against his chest and not let anyone touch it… But this was his dad. He could trust him with the sword. He swallowed and slowly handed him the weapon. Shiro gave him a minute nod before turning back towards Shura and showing her the sword.

"This sword used to have a seal on it," he explained. "It was to seal away Rin's demonic side, to keep him human. But on March 31st..." There was a short pause as Shiro looked towards them and Rin wasn't sure if he was asking for permission or not. Still, he continued without any prompting. "Ryuuji-kun was over, visiting, and the two of them were attacked." He looked back at Shura. "Rin broke the seal that day and released his flames. At that moment..." This pause was longer. The Kurikara was lowered and Shiro placed a hand over his chest.

"Satan tried to possess me."

"What?!" Rin's eyes widened and he stared at his dad in disbelief. Had he heard wrong? Satan had tried to possess him? But why? How? For what reason? His fingers tightened until he was gripping Ryuuji's sleeve in his fist. Ryuuji stared at Shiro with an equal amount of shock. The two were completely floored by the revelation.

Shura, on the other hand, only nodded as if she had suspected that all along. "But... he failed..." she said slowly. Her eyes flickered to Rin for a second before returning to Shiro. "Ya said ye've never given in. Which means..." she began grimly.

"It wasn't Rin." Shiro interrupted Shura quickly. "After Satan couldn't possess me, he tried others. Rin and Ryuuji-kun were instructed to go to the mall and meet with Mephisto to go somewhere safe. When the attacks were happening, Rin was with Mephisto."


Attacks?
Rin's eyes were wide, trying to absorb everything they were talking about. "Dad, what—?" He was cut short as Shiro's hand shot up, halting him before he could continue his question. He knew there was something going on, something that involved him. But what attacks were they talking about?

The woman snorted. "Not yer best alibi, all things considered," Shura pointed out, though she let the explanation slide for now. "So yer tellin' me this was all just, what? Satan poppin' by for a fatherly visit? After all these years? Why wait 'til now? How do I know ya ain't lyin' to me again?"


Lyin' again?
"But... he's tellin' the truth!" Ryuuji blurted out. He glanced between the two adults, trying to make sense of what he was hearing. He didn't like whatever this woman seemed to be implying. Rin had nothing to do with what they were talking about. "Rin and I were in Sir Pheles' office that day!" he told her, backing up Shiro's claim. "We—"

"Now, now, the adults are talkin' right now." Ryuuji faltered at Shura's dismissive tone. He glanced between her and their teacher and a bout of frustration hit him as he realized she wasn't even looking at him. "Kiddies should just stay quiet," she continued in that same tone, not sparing him a glance.

"Hey!" Rin snapped. He felt his own frustration rise as Ryuuji was dismissed. The two of them were ignoring them, talking as if they weren't there!

"Rin…" At least his dad was looking at him now, a warning in his eyes. Rin ignored it.

"No! Shut up, old man!" he growled before turning his attention to the woman who was now looking at him with mild amusement. "You should listen when people are trying to talk, you know?!" he shouted, pointing at her with his free hand. "Whatever attacks you're talking about, it had nothing to do with us!" Did she think he was lying? Was he lying? He briefly remembered Ryuuji telling him he was doing things in his sleep. Rin shook his head. Ryuuji was right. They had been in Mephisto's office and after that, they'd slept in the same room with a locked door. There was no way he hurt anyone.

"Oh?" The redhead raised one of her eyebrows and smirked derisively. "Yer talkin' big for a kid who has no clue about what's goin' on. I would've thought ye'd be more keen to shut yer traps and listen in." She cocked her head towards Shiro. "Considering what I've heard, I imagine this old coot hasn't been keepin' ya in the loop either."

"You're right! I don't know what's going on!" Rin replied honestly. "But I know the truth! Ryuuji and the old man aren't lying! I didn't hurt anyone and I'll prove it any way I can!" He clenched his fist and slammed it confidently into his chest.

The woman stared at him. Rin stared back at her without faltering, raising his chin. Shura pressed her lips together and glanced at Shiro.


Does she believe us?
Ryuuji wondered, staring between them as a knot of unease tightened in his stomach.

There was a beat of silence but it was broken by the sound of a muffled snicker. Shura was trying to hold back her laughter, but she clearly couldn't. "Oooh, boy. Ya were right, Shiro," she said in between snickers. "This kid's a real laugh!"

Rin bristled immediately, but that only seemed to amuse her more. "Don't get so ahead of yerself, kiddo," she told him, making a good attempt to hold back her laughter. "I ain't pointin' fingers at ya right now."

She wasn't? Rin's fist loosened and his glare faded, giving way to confusion.

"Yer dad, on the other hand," Shura looked back towards Shiro, "has a lot to answer for. He might not be lyin' about this, but he has been keepin' an awful lotta secrets. Care to share with the class, Shiro?"

Rin watched as his dad stared at Shura, narrowing his eyes, and still holding tight to the sword. Rin wanted it back. He tightened his hold on Ryuuji's sleeve instead. "I've already told you the truth, Shura." Shiro spoke firmly. "Rin broke the seal and Satan tried to possess me. When he failed, he tried to use others to get at Rin."

Shura crossed her arms under her chest. Her humor faded as an unimpressed expression took over her face once more. "So yer tellin' me that Satan, after fifteen years, decided to come knockin' at yer door to look for this brat, and this is assumin' he hadn't known where he was beforehand despite this," she tapped the tattoo on her chest twice with her thumb, a motion that confused the two teens, "and then he spent at most a day burnin' people up before vanishin' without a trace. No further attempts to make contact." She wrinkled her nose as if she had just swallowed something distasteful. "There's a lot yer not tellin' me, Shiro. Or are ya really that bad of a liar?"

Rin looked at his dad. Satan had tried to possess Shiro and when he'd failed, he had hurt others. All to get to him. So why
had
he stopped? Why hadn't he kept trying?

Shiro looked towards them before stepping towards Shura and whispering something in her ear. Rin and Ryuuji watched as her eyes widened and her expression tensed. Then she started whispering back. No matter how hard the two of them listened, they weren't able to make out any words.

"Hey!" Rin called out, furrowing his brow. "What are you talking about?!" He took a step towards them, intent on interrupting them, but his next step was met with resistance. Ryuuji held him back, grabbing onto the wrist that was still clinging to his sleeve.

"Rin, wait," Ryuuji hissed.

"What? Why?!" Rin's brow furrowed but he stayed still.

Ryuuji glanced at the whispering pair. His eyes lingered on the redhaired woman. That tense expression on her face caused his fingers to tighten around Rin. "Wait," he insisted in a hushed whisper.

Rin clenched his jaw and gripped his best friend's sleeve in his fist but the hand on his wrist kept him still. He looked towards the two adults, glaring at them and trying again to figure out what they were saying. But Shiro's back was facing them and his shoulder was blocking their view to Shura's mouth.

"Stop leaving us out of it!" Rin growled in frustration. He wanted to step forward again. He wanted to get closer and listen. But Ryuuji's hand was a staying force. "What's going on?!"

Finally, there was a response.

"Relax, Rin." Shiro turned to them and took a few short steps before holding out the Kurikara. Rin took it back almost gratefully. "It's just Vatican business."

"Vatican business?" Rin looked between the two of them, his hold on Ryuuji's sleeve loosening, though Ryuuji didn't let go of his wrist. "Is everything gonna be alright?"

"I think so." Shiro smiled reassuringly and ruffled his hair. Rin let out a sound of protest and pushed at Shiro's hand, shifting closer to Ryuuji whose tense demeanor faltered at the lighthearted, familial display.

Shiro glanced back at Shura. "What do you think?" he asked her in a more relaxed tone than before. "Is everything gonna be alright?"

Shura let out a quiet huff. Much to the teens' surprise, any trace of her previous serious expression was gone. "Yeah, yeah. We're good," she grumbled, waving him off. "I'll take care of things on my end without raisin' any flags. I'll be stickin' around though. To keep an eye on things."

Despite the stern warning, Shiro's expression lit up. "Sounds like a plan." He grinned. With that settled, he grabbed the walkie talkie from his belt and held it up to his mouth. "Yunokawa, the mall is clear and Okumura-kun and Suguro-kun are safe. We'll be heading towards you now."

The response came almost immediately.


"Ah, Fujimoto! Thank God. I was beginning to worry. Do you need any assistance?"
Yunokawa's voice sounded almost breathless. Rin suddenly felt bad as he remembered the others. He wondered if they knew what had happened and if they were worried.

"We're fine. We should be out in a few minutes," Shiro responded, glancing towards Rin.

"
Alright. We'll be waiting for you then."


"Let's go." Shiro looked at the three of them before heading towards the exit of the mall. Rin gave Shura a hesitant look but he quickly shook his head. His dad trusted her. She was his apprentice. Everything would be just fine. Dad had said so himself.


'Shiro!'
Before they got to the entrance hall, there was a light tremor that ran under their feet. A huge Tamiko trotted into the hall with a dark gray bundle in her mouth.

"Ah! Just in time." Shiro beamed and took the hoodie as Tamiko shrunk back to normal size. "Thanks, Tamiko. When we get back, let's have some sake with Kuro, alright?"


'Yes! That sounds great!'
Tamiko meowed happily before Shiro put the hoodie under his arm and tore the bloodied paper. The cat sith disappeared with a puff of smoke.

"Rin, take off that shirt." Shiro unfolded the hoodie as Rin looked down and realized just then how bloody he actually was.

"Oh. Right." He let go of Ryuuji's sleeve and peeled the shirt off. Shiro took the shirt and used the more clean parts to clean the blood from Rin's face. Rin didn't appreciate this and scrunched up his nose before batting his dad away and snatching the hoodie.

Shura snickered. "Aw, ya gonna hold his hand too?"

"Why, are you jealous?" Shiro gave her a mock pout as Rin pulled the hoodie over his head, still grumbling.

Shura rolled her eyes. "As if." She gestured at the hoodie with a lazy flick of her wrist, catching Rin's attention. "Hey. Ya better wash that before returnin' it to me, got that, twerp?"

"Of course I'm gonna wash it!" Rin growled incredulously as he stretched the back of the hoodie out. His tail slipped itself into the opening and wrapped around his torso as he adjusted the garment around him. "Jeez, I'm not inconsiderate!"

Ryuuji had been about to back him up when he realized something. "Hey! Ya still haven't given me back
my
vest," he complained.

Rin began fiddling with the hem of the hoodie and looked away. "Really? I don't remember having it…"

"It's in your room!"

The matter still hadn't been settled when they exited the mall. The very second they walked out the door, however, Yukio rushed over to them.

"Nii-san!"

Yukio's coat was missing and his belt was hanging off his pants. When he looked over Rin, his shoulders seemed to relax. "Thank God you're alright. And Ryuuji-kun, what happened to you?" He turned to look at the taller teen, eyeing the drying blood on his ear with concern. He shook his head before he could receive a response and began reaching into the pouches on his belt. "Never mind. Tell me later. Take off your earrings, please."

Ryuuji was quickly ushered into a nearby bench and as Yukio tended to his ear, Konekomaru simultaneously interrogated and fretted over Ryuuji. "Bon! What were you thinking, going off on your own like that? And are you okay, Rin-kun?"

"Ya really don't have luck with demons, do ya, man?" Shima added, offering Rin a sympathetic smile as he hovered at Yukio's side.

"Yeah, yeah, I'm okay!" Rin waved off the two of them, thankful of his quick healing.

"Well, at least one of you is." Konekomaru looked at Ryuuji worriedly, who grimaced at the attention.

"It's just a scratch," he protested, keeping still as Yukio wiped the wound clean.

"More like a new piercing," Shima pointed out, glancing at the injury with a slight wince. "Speaking of looks, what's with the hoodie?"

Ryuuji opened his mouth to answer but Konekomaru beat him to it.

"That's Yamada-kun's, isn't it?" The shorter teen glanced over his shoulder to where the adults were standing around. "Who's… not actually Yamada-kun, I guess."

Shima did a doubletake as he followed his gaze. "Wait,
that's
Yamada? No way! How can you tell?"

"She's wearing the school's uniform pants. And she's missing a hoodie."

Shima glanced at Rin briefly before looking back at the woman that was speaking with their teachers. He was completely impressed. "How did she manage to hide
those
under that?!"

Rin, on the other hand, was looking for someone else. "Hey, where's Shiemi?" The blonde girl was nowhere to be seen and neither was... Rin gasped. "And Izumo! Where's Izumo!? Is she alright?!" he asked urgently, looking at the others.

"Rin!" Shiemi's voice drew the boys' attention. She was rushing towards them now as if Rin's words had summoned her. "Rin! Are you okay?" He nodded as she looked over him quickly, but her eyes widened as she spotted Yukio bandaging Ryuuji's ear.

Ryuuji was quick to reassure her. "We're alright. How's Kamiki?" he asked, surmising she had been with the other girl.

"Ah, Kamiki-san is fine!" Shiemi seemed relieved at her own words. "She woke up a little while ago, but Yunokawa-sensei doesn't want her walking around yet."

"Ah, thank goodness!" Rin breathed out as Yukio stood straight.

"There you are, Ryuuji-kun. Don't pick at it and leave your earrings out for a day while it heals," Yukio said as he tucked his things back into the pouches on his belt.

"Thanks." Ryuuji offered Yukio a slight smile which he returned.

"I'll go check on Kamiki-san." Yukio looked at the rest of the group. "The bus should be arriving soon so try and relax here until then, alright?" The group made a collective sound of agreement but when Yukio headed off, it didn't take very long for Shima to trail after him.

"There they go." Rin let his hands rest in the hoodie's pockets as he sat down beside Ryuuji. "Those two are pretty attached lately, huh?"

"Yeah." Ryuuji lightly fingered the bandage on his ear before letting his hand rest on his knee. His elbow bumped against Rin's arm as he nodded. "Never took Shima to be the hoverin' type," he said as he watched the pink-haired teen gravitate to Yukio's side, "but he can't seem to let your brother out of his sight these days."

A small sound escaped Konekomaru just then, drawing the others' attention to him.

"Hm? What's wrong, Miwa-kun?" Shiemi tilted her head.

Rin and Ryuuji turned to look at their friend in unison, but the exasperated look on Konekomaru's face faded by then. "It's nothing." He pushed up his glasses and shook his head. The group stared at him in confusion for a few moments, but the shorter teen distracted them by switching the subject.

"What even happened to your ear anyway?"

Ryuuji hesitated, but it wasn't hard to come up with a good cover story this time considering they had been on a mission. Ryuuji and Rin carefully avoided giving any details regarding their meeting with Amaimon and at the first opportunity they got, they turned the tables on their friends and Shiemi and Konekomaru ended up recounting their experiences with the imps until the bus arrived.

They all boarded with relief. Most of them felt safer in the bus, but Rin was unable to fully release the tension from his chest. Izumo was laying down towards the back, irritably snapping at anyone who showed any bit of concern. Rin sighed slightly, glad that she was alright enough to do that. He sat beside Ryuuji, looking out the window at the passing cityscape.


"It's just Vatican business."



"I'll take care of things on my end without raisin' any flags. I'll be stickin' around though. To keep an eye on things."



What did they mean by that?
Rin frowned at his own reflection in the glass. The trip back felt like it would definitely be longer than before but Rin was as anxious as ever to return home. He glanced upwards towards the front of the bus and his eyes wandered to the group of adults. He caught a glimpse of Shura's studying gaze before she turned away to speak to Shiro. Rin furrowed his brow and felt his tail curl tighter around his chest.


What's going to happen now?


>