




ICED




"Legends have been passed down from generation to generation. It would only make sense if these legends would be based on truths. It has been told of the Frozen Heart."


Born of cold and winter air



And mountain rain combining



This icy force both foul and fair



Has a frozen heart worth mining


The late evening sun began to set in the distant. Walking among the fields of a large beautiful country were Vikings. They were hard at work at the moment. A small girl with wavy brown hair was following right behind them. A tiny pure white filly followed her close behind. A boy about the same age as her glanced back and urged her to faster,

"Hurry, Carrie! Gobber says we have to have all this wood and ice stacked before night falls!"

"Coming Hiccup! Come on, Avalon." The little girl Carrie said to her horse. Avalon neighed playfully and trotted after her mistress.


So cut through the heart, cold and clear



Strike for love and strike for fear



See the beauty, sharp and sheer



Split the ice apart



And break the frozen heart


The Vikings continued to either chop through ice or the woods. They sang all the while.


Hyup! Ho! Watch your step! Let it go!



Hyup! Ho! Watch your step! Let it go!



Beautiful!



Powerful!



Dangerous!



Cold!



Ice has a has a magic, can't be controlled



Stronger than one, stronger than ten



Stronger than a hundred men! Hyup!



Born of cold and winter air



And mountain rain combining



This icy force both foul and fair



Has a frozen heart worth mining



Cut through the heart, cold and clear



Strike for love and strike for fear



There's beauty and there's danger here



Split the ice apart



Beware the frozen heart


Finally, they were all done for the day and the Vikings headed toward their own village. Carrie and Avalon followed close behind. The sun had set to make the night sky take over with its peaceful moon and twinkling stars. Not so far from the Viking village was a modern kingdom. It was set near a large vast lake. This was known as Caricatury and it was ruled over by King Atem and his wife Queen Bast.

Inside one of the many rooms was a small boy about nine years old. He had white hair that was wind swept and at that moment, he was fast asleep. He breathed in rhythm all the while sweet dreams played in his mind. He would have continued to sleep until,

"Jack."

Another boy spoke up. He was much younger at least five years old and had spikey black hair similar to Jack's that flopped all over his face. His green eyes showed with excitement as he crawled onto the bed and even got on top of his older brother,

"Jack! Come on, wake up! Wake up!"

Despite being awakened, Jack merely laughed and said, "Danny, go back to sleep."

Danny pouted and merely lay on top of Jack, "But I can't! I'm wide awake! I wanna play! Please?"

"I want to sleep. So go play by yourself." Jack replied and shoved his little brother off.

Danny gasped as he fell from the bed and onto the floor. He folded his arms and scowled. He wanted to play but not by himself. He pondered before an idea popped into his head. Smiling, he got back onto Jack's bed and whispered in his ear, "Do you wanna build a snowman?"

Jack opened his icy blue eyes and gave Danny a playful smirk. It was not long until the two rushed out of their shared room and hurried down the stairs. Danny was so excited that he pulled Jack's hand to go faster, "Okay, just hold on." Jack said with a laugh at his little brother's enthusiasm.

The two brothers rushed into a large living room which would be the perfect playground. Once Jack had shut the door, Danny shouted, "Do the magic, big bro! Do it!" Jack laughed and held out his hands and Danny gasped at how beautiful the magic his brother was doing.

Jack was no ordinary boy for he was born with winter powers that a normal human did not. Swirling the tiny cold crystals, Jack glanced back at Danny, "Ready to have a little fun?"

Danny nodded in excitement and Jack let loose the swirling beauty to the ceiling. Snowflakes burst upon contact and started to fall gently, "This is so cool!"

"Now watch this." Jack picked up a small walking stick and with it, he slammed it onto the floor and frost spread throughout the carpet. Danny laughed and the two started doing snow activities; making a snowman, skating all around on the ice and even sliding down a large hill of snow.

Danny climbed on the top of a small snow made hill and jumped. Jack laughed as he made another pile of snow to appear. His brother was getting more excited and started to jump while he made more snow piles. However, Danny started to go too fast and Jack could see it.

"Wait!"

Danny however was having so much fun that he did not hear him, "Yay!"

"Slow down!" Jack warned as it was getting harder to make more snow hills. If he messed up once, his brother could get hurt. In his attempt to concentrate, the older brother slipped on the ice with his bare feet and fell to the floor. He watched in horror as Danny jumped into the air for he did not realize Jack had slipped, "Danny!" Jack instinctively held out his hand to try to stop him.

"Jack?" Danny called back. However, a blast of frost came from his hand and struck Danny straight in the head.

Danny blacked out at once and he flopped onto the soft snow. Jack's eyes widen in fear at this. He got to his feet and hurried over to his brother, "Danny?" He questioned and gasped to see a strand of white hair appear within Danny's raven colored hair. Feeling that he was very cold, Jack cried out, "Mom! Dad!" He was so scared for his little brother he didn't notice that frost and ice spread from his bare feet and surrounded the room. "It's okay, Danny, I got you. You're going to be okay. I promise."

"Jackson? Daniel?" A deep voice called from the doorway. A man with strange spikey hair opened the doors and gasped at the sight. His violet eyes widen when he saw the room was frozen and his two sons were on the floor. A beautiful woman with long dark brown hair and green eyes appeared right behind him.

"Oh my goodness." Bast whispered in horror.

"Jackson? What happened? Did you? This is getting out of hand!" Atem said in a stern voice even though he was more worried than angry.

"I'm sorry! It was accident!" Jack said with a wince and held Danny even closer, "I'm sorry, Danny."

Bast quickly took Danny into her arms and gasped, "Atem, he's as cold as ice. What do we do?"

"I think there is only one person who can help us." Atem said with a serious frown while Bast stared and gasped.

"Do you think they will help?" she questioned and he took Jack's hand.

"Let's hope so. Now let's hurry."

Without another word, the royal family got on their horses and rode out of the palace and out of the small kingdom right into the woods. They rode hard and fast through the forest until they made it to the Viking village. Since it was late, the Vikings were all asleep; except for Carrie and Avalon since they had heard the galloping of horses. They peeked through the window and gasped to see the king, queen, and princes.

"Carrie?" Hiccup yawned and she shushed him,

"Come look, Hiccup!" she whispered and the boy came over to see for himself.

Atem shouted, "Please help! My youngest son!"

The doors opened to show the Vikings come walking out, "My king, why did you come here?" Stoik, the chief of the Vikings and Hiccup's father came walking up.

"I am so sorry to disturb you my friend, Stoik but it is my son Daniel." Atem said and Bast stepped forward while she was holding Danny.

"Gobber?" Stoik turned to his blacksmith and he stepped forward.

"Aye, the poor lad," Gobber walked over and using his hand, he placed it on Danny's hand and observed the white streak in his hair, "You were lucky it wasn't his heart. If it was, well, it wouldn't be pretty."

"Please, do what you can to help him." Atem said with a hint of plea in his voice.

"Gobber, do you think you can fix this?" Stoik questioned and Gobber sighed as he thought it over,

"I can. But my recommendation is that he never remembers what happened, or anything about magic." Gobber frowned at Jack who stared at these words, "He will be okay."

"But he won't remember that I have powers?" Jack questioned as Gobber used magic to get rid of the memories and of the harsh magic that was inflicted upon Danny.

"I'm sorry, my son, but it's for the best." Atem said with a sigh.

Jack looked down heartbroken when Gobber placed a hand on his shoulder, "Listen, Jackson, ye might wanna listen. Your powers that ye were born with will only get stronger. It is a beautiful magic but very dangerous," Jack glanced up with a frown and Gobber sighed, "That's why ye have to be careful, because in the future, fear will be yer mortal enemy. And it may cost you yer life."

Jack gulped as he backed up. Atem leaned down to hug his son, "It's all right, Jackson, we will do what we can to make sure that never happens."

"And I promise to protect Danny and keep him safe." Jack said and he glanced at his younger brother.

"Right, which means we will have to take extra precautions," Atem informed and they returned home to do what they could, "We will keep the gates to the kingdom locked, homeschool the children so they won't have to go to school, lower the staff to a butler and maids, and keep his powers hidden from everyone…" They had moved Jack's bed and things to another room away from Danny, "Including Daniel."

Danny rushed over in time to see Jack just about to go into his room. Jack glanced back at him one last time before he walked inside. The younger brother stared and glanced down sadly. Time went by and one winter day, Danny could see snow outside. He laughed and rushed over to Jack's door, "Jack?" He knocked before he began to sing,


Do you want to build a snowman?



Come on let's go and play



I never see you anymore



Come out the door


Danny drew a picture of him and Jack and sighed while pushing it away.


It's like you've gone away



We used to be best buddies



And now we're not



I wish you would tell me why


He walked back to the door and pressed his ear to it.


Do you want to build a snowman?



It doesn't have to be a snowman


"Go away, Danny." Jack called through the door and Danny sighed sadly,


Okay, bye


Bast had given birth to a baby girl with brown hair. She smiled happily as she held her and looked at Atem, "Meet Emma, our daughter." She said with a sigh. Jack tiptoed forward and he smiled down at his baby sister. However when he placed his hands on the bed, frost started to spread slowly. He gasped and quickly backed away. Bast frown and Atem sighed, "I have an idea," he said later and put on thick gloves for Jack, "The gloves should help. See? Conceal."

"Don't feel." Jack said sadly.

"Don't let it show." They both said together.

A couple more years went by and Danny was by now eight years old. He knocked on Jack's door once more.


Do you want to build a snowman



Or ride our bike around the halls?


He rode the bike down and crashed to the floor. But he was perfectly fine and he smiled at Emma who was only two at the moment.


I think some company is overdue



I've started talking to



The pictures on the walls


"Hang in there, John!" he gave a man on a painting a wink.


It gets a little lonely,



All these empty rooms,



Just watching the hours tick by


"Tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock…" Danny said with a sigh while staring up at a clock and he hugged Emma close.

But Jack still remained in his room. He was upset to know that he could never ever be there for Emma or Danny. And even worse his powers were getting stronger by the day. He nearly let loose more ice and he was trying to keep calm. Atem and Bast were worried for their eldest child.

"I'm scared. It's…it's getting stronger." Jack said as he gripped his white hair.

"Getting upset will only make things worse. Please calm down." Atem said as he held out his hands.

"No! Don't touch me!" Jack ordered and backed up before his mother and father can even step toward him, "Please, I don't want hurt you."

Atem and Bast frowned sadly at him. They understood how he felt. They wish they could do something for him but it could not be done. Another few years went by and it was then the king and queen decided to head out to see another part of the world. They were to be gone for a while and Jack, Danny, and Emma were to stay behind.

Thirteen year old Danny rushed toward Atem and Bast's room. When he passed by Jack's room, he paused and looked back. He was tempted to knock and ask him if he was going to say goodbye to their parents but he decided it would be a waste of time. Shrugging, he continued to his destination. Emma was already there hugging her parents.

"Bye momma and papa. Please come back soon." Emma said with tears in her eyes.

"Don't worry, sweetie, we will be back before you know it," Bast said gently to her daughter and rubbed her long brown hair, "Now be good for your brothers."

"See you guys in two weeks." Danny said as he hugged Atem and then Bast.

"Look after Emma and behave yourself, Daniel." Atem replied and returned his younger son's hug.

The couple then proceeded with their suitcases toward the main exit. Jack was there waiting and he frowned deeply at them, "Do you really have to go?" he asked, concern clear in his eyes.

"You'll be fine, Jackson." Atem said kindly.

With these parting words, the king and queen set off to go on their vacation by going by plane. However, a storm hit the plane and it fell to the ocean. No one survived the crash; not even the royal parents. News hit the children hard. A funeral took place and Danny and Emma along with their servants were the only ones to say goodbye to their deceased parents. Emma was sobbing and she hugged Danny.

"It's okay, Emma. It's okay. I'm here." Danny whispered, hugging his little sister close.

"But where's Jack?" Emma questioned, looking up with tearful brown eyes. Where was Jack indeed? He looked toward the palace and wondered where his older brother was through the whole funeral.

Much later, he made his way to Jack's room. He had a feeling this wouldn't make any difference but he had to try one last time. He knocked slowly and called, "Jack?" No answer again and he sighed,


Come on, I know you're in there,



Emma's been asking where you've been,



People say "have courage";



And I'm trying to



I'm right out here for you



But first you have to let me in


He turned putting his back to the door and slid down until he sat on the ground.


We only have each other and our sister



It's just us three



What are we gonna do?


A long pause before Danny sighed and whispered,


Do you want to build a snowman?


He closed his eyes and on the other side was Jack sitting in the same position. Hearing these words and knowing he still couldn't do anything without revealing his powers, Jack could only bury his head into the hood of his sweatshirt and he began to cry into his knees. Danny stared up at the celling before he too began to cry…

>