

An hour went by as Danny, Carrie, Emma, and Avalon continued their way towards where Carrie's friends lived. Emma was so tired that she was riding Avalon. She happened to look up towards the night sky and see the northern lights.

"Ooo! Avalon look, the sky looks so pretty tonight!" she said while pointing upwards and the horse merely neighed.

Danny and Carrie were not far behind and the brown haired girl happened to look to see the boy was shivering rather harshly, "Hey you okay? Are you cold?"

"Um yeah a little." Danny admitted and folded his arms to try to find any warmth. But it seemed no use because he seemed to get colder and colder.

Carrie wasn't sure of what to do. She knew they had to hurry or there was going to consequences. She glanced up and recognized her surroundings. She smiled and glanced back at Danny, "Don't worry, we're nearly there." She tried to be optimistic and all she got was a small nod from the boy. There was a long silence until she decided to speak, "Um, I wanted to tell you…about my friends. Well, I keep saying friends, they're really my family. You see, I'm not just some ordinary girl who sells ice."

"What do you mean?" Danny questioned, now his attention on Carrie.

"I'm actually, the daughter of a chief. And he's the leader of the Vikings." She finally admitted and gave him a weak smile.

"You're a Viking?" Danny was rather surprised to know this.

"Yeah. I wasn't kidding about the people who raised me. That's why I'm…so strong because I've been around Vikings." Carrie replied and she flushed in embarrassment.

"And your dad is the Chief of the Vikings?" he asked to make sure he heard right.

"Yep. I just want you to know that my dad, mom, and brother and all the other Vikings can be over protective. They're stubborn, loud, but they all mean well. And I'm sure when you meet them, you'll get the idea and so on…"

"Carrie," she stopped her rambling to see Danny smiling at her, "They sound like cool people. I can't wait to meet them."

This eased her fear and she grinned right back, "Okay. Thanks," she turned and took notice of the line of trees, "Well, I think we're here. Stay here for a moment." She rushed up and disappeared behind the trees. Emma got off of Avalon and watched the horse gallop after her mistress. The two siblings peeked through the trees and only saw a valley below.

"What is she doing?" Emma asked while she glanced at her brother.

"No idea." Was all Danny could say and kept his eye on the brunette as she was standing near a lake.

Suddenly, there was a rumble and the sound of flapping wings. Danny and Emma all gasped in fright to see something big and black come bounding towards Carrie and Avalon. It was a dragon! And it pounced right on Carrie. Danny wanted to jump out and save her. However, what made him stop was the sound of laughter. It was coming from the brunette herself. She was laughing? And was the dragon actually…licking her face?

"Okay, Toothless! I missed you too! Ick, your breath. Did you eat red herring again? You know that makes your breath stink for weeks right?" Carrie teased as she finally got the big dragon off of her. The dragon Toothless merely let out a grunt and bumped his head against her chest. Danny and Emma didn't know what to say or do. They could only stare in shock that Carrie was actually talking to a dragon, "So Toothless, where's Hiccup? Isn't he always on your back?"

"He was until he heard you coming. He threw me off. Thanks for that, you useless reptile. I thought I was your master." Another voice rang out and Danny and Emma glanced over at the other side of the valley and saw a boy with brown hair come walking up to Carrie.

"Hiccup!" Carrie rushed over and hugged the boy. The two laughed as Hiccup swung Carrie around. While this was happening, Toothless was playfully chasing Avalon around the lake.

"Looks like Carrie already has a boyfriend." Emma whispered and Danny frowned at this. He didn't know why that stung when Emma said that. But is Hiccup really her boyfriend?

"What are you and Avalon doing back here? I thought you said you weren't coming back until you got into college?" Hiccup questioned once he set Carrie back down.

"Yeah I know. But something came up and well, I kinda need your help." She replied and suddenly got serious.

"Really? What's wrong?" Hiccup watched Carrie look behind her towards the line of trees. The brunet could see two people staring down at them, "You actually made friends? That's something new."

"Shut up," Carrie muttered and she called out, "Hey guys! You can come down here now!"

Hearing this, Danny and Emma reluctantly started down the hill and walked towards where Carrie and Hiccup were waiting. Once they were near, Danny sized up Hiccup. The guy was only a few inches taller than him and wearing what looked like some leather armor?

"Danny, Emma, this is my older brother Hiccup and the dragon you see prancing about with my horse like a love struck yearling is Toothless, Hiccup's night fury."

"Brother?" Danny repeated and now that he was close up, he could see the family resemblance. Only Carrie's brown hair was lighter and she had brown eyes while Hiccup had dark green eyes. Now he felt silly for being jealous. Wait jealous?

"Yep. My brother I told you about. Why?" Carrie questioned and noticed the flustered look on Danny's face. Instead of answering, the boy merely glared down at Emma. The little girl in the meantime just shrugged sheepishly, "Hiccup, these are my friends Prince Daniel and Princess Emma of Caricatury."

"You're friends with the prince and princess of this country? What did you do? Kidnap them?" Hiccup asked and Carrie rolled her eyes,

"Give me more credit than that! I did not do that!" she retorted and Danny had to laugh.

"Nice to meet you, Hiccup. I had no idea I would ever meet a Viking much less a dragon." He felt a presence beside him and he turned only to jump away when he saw Toothless right on top of him.

"Awe! He's so cute!" Emma squealed and rushed up to the night fury.

Danny was a little nervous to see his sister get so close to such a big dragon. However, Toothless merely sniffed Emma's hair and allowed the girl to climb on his back, "Toothless always had a soft spot for girls." Carrie teased and Hiccup folded his arms,

"Sure. He seems to listen to you more than he does for me." He said sarcastically and his sister punched him in the arm,

"That's not true and you know it."

"Anyway, what's wrong?" Hiccup decided to get back on topic and Carrie once more looked serious,

"Well, we ran into some trouble. And Danny is…well…have you noticed his hair?" she pointed and Hiccup looked over to see the two white streaks in Danny's hair.

"That's…a weird way to dye your hair."

"I didn't dye it." Danny retorted with a frown.

"That's why I brought him here. Where is Gobber?" Carrie questioned and Hiccup glanced back at his sister.

"He's back at the village; probably napping. We had a long day."

"We need to hurry then." Carrie turned and started the way Hiccup and Toothless had come. The others followed her close behind with Emma riding on Toothless's back.

When they got to the village, Danny could see a bunch of people walking about. Not to mention, more dragons? Oh boy. Even though he could tell they were all friendly, he wasn't sure if he wanted to meet them. "Never though I meet Vikings and dragons, and the fact they get along." He whispered to himself.

"I know. We actually used to be enemies to dragons. But my mom managed to show they are not as bad as we thought." Hiccup said right beside him.

Danny blinked in surprise but didn't have time to question when Carrie rushed towards a large man and a slim woman that were coming out of a building, "Mom! Dad!"

The pair turned and their eyes widen, "Carrie!" the woman rushed over first and hugged her daughter.

"Mom, I missed you!" she said and glanced up at the red bearded man, "Dad!"

"Carrie!" he hugged both his wife and daughter.

"Yeah, Carrie is back." Hiccup came walking up to smile at his family.

"Oh Carrie, look at you! You've grown so much!" the woman, Valka said with a bright smile while she put her hands on each side of her daughter's face.

"I was only gone for a couple of years!" Carrie said even though she was still smiling brightly.

"Still too long." Valka shook her head and hugged her again. Hearing the commotion, some of the villagers gathered around leaving Danny and Emma to stand close to Toothless and Avalon.

"Why are you back, Carrie?" Stoick asked for he knew his daughter always had a good reason if she came back.

"Sorry, but I didn't come back here for a family reunion." Carrie began but was cut off by,

"Carrie!" she gasped as she was hugged by someone with wild red hair.

"Merida! Hi! You and Hiccup still going strong?"

"Of course! Glad yer back, ye wee lamb!" Merida said with a bright smile.

"Yeah! You still owe me five bucks, Carrie!" A young Viking by the name of Snotlout shouted.

"Oh shut it, Snotlout." A blonde girl said and walked up to Carrie, "Hey again, Carrie. Glad to see you're doing great."

"Hey Astrid." Carrie waved and saw three others not far behind her, "Hey Fishlegs, Rufftnut and Tuffnut."

"Hey Carrie. What happened to college?" Ruffnut questioned and Tuffnut spoke up,

"Did you realize that maybe college was too boring?"

"College isn't boring!" Fishlegs retorted and a big conversation started.

Danny and Emma could see that Carrie was in the middle of her people greeting her. It was clear everyone missed her. It's too bad they were short on time. And Hiccup managed to get everyone's attention, "All right guys! Come on! Give her some space!"

"What's going on, Hiccup?" Merida asked her boyfriend with a frown.

"Carrie isn't back just to say hi. She has an important task at hand. And it involves the boy she brought with him." Hiccup began and immediately regretted to saying that for everyone shouted,

"She brought a boy home?!"

"Where is he?" Valka asked in excitement.

"I don't think you're even old enough for that, Carrie." Stoick said, feeling his father instincts kick in.

"Dad no! It's nothing like that!" Carrie said in desperation.

"Is that him?" Astrid asked when she turned and noticed Danny standing awkwardly away from them.

"Well yeah, but this isn't what you guys think-" Carrie was once again cut off by Astrid, Merida, and the other Vikings rushing up to Danny.

Danny gasped when he felt himself being pushed forward, "Wow he's cute!" Astrid pointed out with a smirk.

Danny cried out and fell to the ground. He looked up and saw Stoick glaring down at him. Seeing the large man looking so imitated, he scrambled to his feet quickly, "Hi! Look, before you ask, this isn't what you think!" he began but he stopped when Valka came up,

"Oh you are a handsome young laddie. You're a little skinny but that's okay." She observed Danny and gave him a satisfactory nod, "You would make an excellent match for my daughter."

"What? No!" Danny began and heard cheers all around. He could see Carrie just as embarrassed as he was. He gasped again when he saw Stoick looking straight into his eyes,

"I might have to put you to the test before I think you are qualified to date my daughter, boy."

"Dad!" Carrie shouted.

"But that's not…I mean we're not even!" Danny wasn't sure of what to say.

Merida suddenly came up and sang,


What's the issue, laddie?



Why are you holding back from such a pretty girl?


Danny blinked and opened his mouth to answer the red head but she beat him to it.


Wait! Is it the weird way she walks?


Hearing this, Carrie asked, "What?"


Tuffnut:

Or the sarcastic way she talks?


"Well no…" Danny began but no one was listening. Rufftnut held up one of Carrie's feet.


Ruffnut:

Or the pear-shaped, square-shaped



Weirdness of her feet?


"Hey!" Carrie pulled her feet away from Ruffnut.


Snotlout:

And though we know she washes well



Her perfume is always so smelly


Danny had to laugh while Carrie was not impressed.


Merida:

But you'll never meet a girl who's as



Merida and Fishlegs:

super kind and sweet!


They forced Carrie to smile while Danny merely said, "Uh that's great but…" But they continued to sing and pushed Carrie around.


So she's a bit of a fixer-upper



So she's got a few flaws



Astrid:

Like how she likes to lag on



Snotlout:

Of how she has a horse instead of a dragon



Vikings:

That's a little outside of our own laws!


"This is not about me!" Carrie tried to shout but everyone was having fun. Even Emma was dancing around with Vikings close to her age.


So he's a bit of a fixer-upper



But this we're certain of



You can fix this fixer-upper



Up with a little bit of love!


Danny only laughed as the Vikings forced Carrie near him. She tried to bring things to a serious matter, "Can we please just stop talking about this and focus? We've got a real, actual problem here." Merida popped with a smirk,


I'll say! So tell me, cutie



Is it the way that she runs scared?



Tuffnut:

Or that she's socially impaired?



Snotlout:

Or that she only likes to tinkle in the woods?


"That's not even true!" Carrie shouted in embarrassment and Danny merely said quietly, "Well that was one thing I didn't want to hear." Valka suddenly came walking up and held her daughter before smiling at Danny,


Are you not going to let up



Just because she's a brunette?


"Mom…" Carrie said with a loud groan and Danny had to laugh.


Vikings:

Or the way she covers



Up that she's the honest goods?


They suddenly flung Carrie towards Avalon and she was really getting irritated. The only one not joining in was Hiccup and Stoick and they weren't sure of how they could even put a stop to this song.


She's just a bit of a fixer-upper,



She likes to pout a lot


Carrie gasped seeing she was indeed pouting and shouted, "No I don't!"


Vikings:

Her need for love



Is confirmed without a doubt


Everyone hugged Carrie and Danny had to smile at this scene.


So she's a bit of a fixer-upper,



But we know what to do


The Vikings then pushed Danny and Carrie towards each other before the girls pulled Carrie away and the boys with Danny.


The way to fix up this fixer-upper



Is to fix her up with you!


Carrie however had had enough and with her patience at an end, she screamed, "STOP IT! He's engaged to someone else! Get it through your heads!" She watched as her mother, Merida, Astrid, Rufftnut, and the other female Vikings blink before they all huddled together.


Merida:

So she's a bit of a fixer-upper



Astrid:

That's a minor thing



Merida:

His quote 'engagement' is a flex arrangement



Ruffnut:

And by the way I don't see any ring!


They then turned back to Carrie and got a few clothes to prepare for her. She tried to get away, but they managed to catch her. "Guys no! Mom! Stop!" she tried to say but they weren't listening.


Female Vikings:

So he's a bit of a fixer-upper,



His brain's a bit betwixt



Get the fiancé out of the way and



The whole thing will be fixed


Carrie groaned while placing her hand on her face. She was feeling a migraine coming on big time. In the meantime, Hiccup decided to talk to Danny,


We're not sayin' you can change her



'Cause people don't really change



We're only saying that love's a force



That's powerful and strange



Look, people make bad choices if they're mad,



Or scared, or stressed


"Believe me I know." Hiccup patted his chest to show he meant himself. Danny blinked in confusion before he watched Hiccup stand up straight.


Throw a little love their way.



Male Vikings:

Throw a little love their way.



And you'll bring out their best.


Hiccup had the others dress up Danny fashionably and he actually looked really good. When he walked outside, Carrie noticed and saw how handsome he looked. She whispered, "Wow…" she didn't even notice what her mom and the other female Vikings made her wear. Danny did and he laughed while pointing at her. Carrie glanced down and merely blushed in embarrassment. Stoick smiled to see this and hugged Valka next to him


Vikings:

True love brings out the best



Everyone's a bit of a fixer-upper



That's what it's all about



Stoick:

Father!



Rufftnut:

Sister!



Tuffnut:

Brother!



Vikings:

We need each other



To raise us up and round us out



Everyone's a bit of a fixer-upper



But when push comes to shove


The Vikings had Danny and Carrie stand next to each other and Emma suddenly came up while riding on Toothless's head,


Emma:

The only fixer-upper fixer



That can fix a fixer-upper is



Vikings:

True! true!



True, true, true!



Love (True love)



Love, love, love, love, love



Love! (True love!)


Without warning, the Vikings quickly set up an alter and Danny and Carrie found themselves standing next to each other with all the Vikings surrounding them.


True...



Fishlegs:

Do you, Danny, take Carrie to be your fullywedded-


Danny shook his head and asked, "Wait, what's going on?"

"You're getting married!" Fishlegs answered.


Vikings:

Love!


However, when the song ended, Danny started to feel faint and he fell forward. Carrie gasped and managed to catch him in time, "Danny?" she asked while the Vikings started to mumble in concern. Had they gone too far? But it wasn't the wedding that caused the boy to faint. Carrie could feel how cold he was and she managed to say, "He's as cold as ice. My gosh."

Before another word could be exchanged, a figure came walking through the crowd, "What's going here? I was taking a nap and I heard all this ruckus?" Carrie looked and was relieved to see it was Gobber, "What in Thor's name?"

"Gobber! Man, am I glad to see you!" Carrie said with a sigh.

"What's going on? What is…?" Gobber noticed Danny and glanced at Stoick, "This boy is slowly freezing to death! Why didn't you tell me about this?"

"Sorry Gobber. We should have called you but we had no idea. We thought Carrie was just bringing home a boy for us to meet."

"We tried to tell you." Hiccup said with a sigh and Valka glanced down looking rather guilty.

"We're so sorry." Merida whispered while Astrid and all the other Vikings nodded.

"Eh never mind, let me see him." Gobber hobbled over and started examining Danny. He had him look up and frowned to know what has happened, "Ah Daniel, your life is in danger. I can see it. There's ice in yer heart put there by yer brother Jackson. Yer not gonna like this but if ye don't find a way to remove that ice, you will be solid ice forever."

Hearing this caused Danny to gasp in shock, "What? No way…" he shook his head in disbelief.

"But can't you remove it, Gobber?" Carrie asked since she had seen him do it before.

Gobber only shook his head, "I can't. I'm really sorry, Carrie. If it was his head, that would be easy. But only an act of true love and thaw a frozen heart."

"An act of true love?" Danny whispered when he heard these words.

"Of course. Maybe even a true love's kiss." Valka said before she kissed Stoick. Hiccup did the same with Merida. Danny gasped and nearly fell again. Carrie was able to hold him up and took notice of yet another white streak appear in Danny's black hair. They were running out of time.

"Danny, your hair is nearly white. We need to get you back to Paulina." Carrie said urgently. Despite her saying the other girl's name, she felt her heart sink.

"Paulina…right…" Danny whispered and Carrie, with Hiccup helping her, had the boy get on back of Avalon.

"Good luck, Carrie. Hope this works out for Danny." Hiccup said with a frown.

"One can only hope. Let's go Emma!" Carrie called while she got in front of Danny. Astrid had the little girl plop behind Danny, "Go Avalon go!" she urged her horse and Avalon began to gallop back towards Caricatury.

"I don't think it's a good idea we go back to Paulina." Emma admitted while she hugged Danny, despite him being really cold.

>