

Chapter 1: New Again


Hey guys, fellow readers and what not.



I've decided to redo the fanfic but before you all get upset I will leave the other open but I will no longer work on it.



The reason for this is so that you guys can compare and contrast the two versions!



Now before we get to it I must say that I own nothing but my own O.C's



The stories Banner was made by your truly... monkeygonetoheaven.



Think of this as reboot you guys.



I appreciate the ones who will understand and chooses to read the new updated (and better) version of Stainless Stones which is now called Vindicated.



If you don't know what that word means I suggest you look it up!



The word serves a lot more than just being a beautiful unique title.



Also the music will be a tad bit different from the original.



You know the drill (*) when the song starts.

The songs are also listed in order that they play as well!



Songs:



My Chemical Romance - Teenagers



Dashboard Confessional - Belle Of The Boulevard (this song does play twice)



**"Just flash that lady killer smile of yours and you'll be fine!" Rickey Stones exclaimed as he playfully pinched Riley's cheek.

He was trying to build his younger brother's confidence: starting a new school was never easy.

But Riley wasn't enjoying Rickey's playful ways, with a groan he tore his eyes away from the passenger window and looked to his older brother."Can this please be our final move?"
Rickey could see the frustration in his younger brother's eyes, the boys have been practically all over the country on the run and Riley was growing tired of the constant moving.

Rickey drummed his fingers on the steering wheel as he checked out his reflection in mirror "I can't make any promises, let's talk about this later. For now I need to go look for a job or Anna won't allow me back in the house."

Riley couldn't help but to snicker at his brother's situation, he knew how stern Anna could be.

" Just flash that lady killer smile of yours and you'll be fine." Riley mocked his older brother's words as he got out of the car.
"Smart ass." Ricky mumbled under his breath.
Riley pulled the straps of his backpack over his shoulders as he looked at the large school, waiting for him.
Rickey pulled down the window for last second advice "If any of the teachers give you shit, just tell them who you're related to." Rickey gave his brother a quick wink and drove off, the sound of his laughter fading into the distance.

He remembered hearing stories from Anna about how terrible of a student Rickey use to be, in fact he was so bad that the teachers were crying tears of joy once he graduated.

Riley didn't want to live off of his older brother's reputation so he decided not to speak of his brother… to anyone.

After gazing at the large school for a few seconds and inhaling the fresh air he began to wonder what life would be like here back in Beacon Hills.

The last time he was in this small town was when he was just learning how to walk, he had moved with his step mother Abigail across the country.

For a while he was separated from his beloved older brother and couldn't remember much of his biological mother except the fact she had abandon him and left with his sister at a young age as well.

Riley never understood why Ricky wanted to come back here, was it for a new start? Was he that home sick? Or was he on a hunt for a pack.

It took all but a few seconds in the hallways until all eyes were on him, the new boy has arrived.

Holding his head high with a plastered smile Riley strutted down what seemed to be a never ending hall. But deep down the boy was nervous as ever, he hated starting over and most of all he hated being a new kid.

"Gotta' start somewhere." He murmured to himself.

After searching for a few minutes he found his locker, right next to a water fountain. As he was turning his combo he felt the hairs on his arms stand on meone was watching him.
With a sly glance to the right he noticed two boys watching him. One had a brown buzz cut and a lanky figure, his mouth slack jawed as he watched Riley with curious eyes. The other had dark brown hair and a tanner complexion, his hawk like stare made Riley feel uneasy.

Riley narrowed his eyes at the two, not scared to break eye contact.
"Oh my god, Scott… he's looking over here." Said the one with a buzz cut.

He tried whispering over to the boy next to him but was freaking out instead.

"Stiles…" the one named Scott whispered "I can see that."

Riley stared down the one named Scott, neither of them blinking, neither of them moving. In that moment they both understood, they both knew each other's secrets.
Rickey turned his head forward, breaking the stare down and continued his walk to the office.

"Is everything okay?" Stiles asked Scott.

Not once did Scott remove his cold gaze from the boy, even after he had walked off, watching him as he disappeared in the crowd of teenagers.

As the smiling boy continued his journey down the schools long halls he had noticed a certain girl who stood against a locker with olive green eyes, creamy skin and hair that was the color fall leaves.

She wasn't alone though, she had seemed to be talking to a boy with blonde hair and baby blue eyes.

The sight of the girl made the boy mouth hang open.

He could feel nothing but lust taking over his body and she was something he just had to have.

"That's Lydia Martin. Also known as the queen bitch of Beacon Hills High." Riley had sprung around to see yet another stunning girl with shockingly bright blue eyes that stuck out like no others.

She had warm dark chestnut wavy hair that rested well past her shoulders.

"And from the looks of it you must be Riley Stones: the new boy?" she said never letting go of her smile.

There were gorgeous girls all over the school, he had no clue where to start.

"Yeah, how'd you know?" he gave the girl a smug grin.

She snickered a bit before answering the boy "because you're new."

As she walked past the boy she took a glance back at him with a coy smile "are you coming?"

"I think I'm going to like it here." He thought aloud.

He had figured she was going to be the one who would show him around the school and escort him to all of his classes.

"Welcome to Beacon Hills High: home of the Beacon Hills Cyclones." She said.

"Cyclones? How intimidating" Riley said with a real lack of enthusiasm.
The girl turned around, her hair whipped against her cheek as her smiling eyes found Riley's "Ever been stuck in one? I'm sure it's far from fun."
Riley's eyebrow hitched up, he figured he might give it a shot. "And if I were to get caught in one, would you save me?"
Her eyes narrowed, but her smile remained "Highly unlikely." With that she turned around and continued to walk.
Like a dimly lit match he was put out.
Trying to regain himself from rejection he changed the subject "So where do I sign up to join the football team?"
She snorted with laughter as they continued their journey "Football? There is no football here, all the school's money goes into Lacrosse."

Riley was now even more confused, he had never gone to a school that focuses on Lacrosse.

His passion lied in several of things, be never once did lacrosse come across his mind.

He grew up playing soccer up until the age of ten then soon not to soon after when he slowly got into martial arts and kick boxing, of course he tried other sports in between but could never stay interested.

"It's the "football" of our school." She said with air quotes.

They came to a stop right next to a class room.
"This is where we part." She said as she slinked off in the opposite direction.
He watched her walk away, a little saddened he didn't get the chance to thank her.
Walking into his classroom he was greeted by a tall slender built pale man who wore thick rimmed glasses.

It was Riley's first day but the man gave him chills running down his spine just whenever he would make eye contact with him.

"You must be Riley Stones." He said in a monotone voice, devoid of all excitement.

"Y-yes sir." He said as his words began to stumble upon each other.

"I am your chemistry teacher, Mr. Harris."
Riley extended his hand to shake.

With a scowl on his face Mr. Harris looked down at Riley's hand, like it was covered in an unidentified exotic strain of bacteria.

He never shook Riley's hand, instead he crossed his arms "for the sake of every teacher here, I hope you're nothing like your brother…Mr. Stones."
Before Riley could open his mouth to defend himself, Mr. Harris shouted "Stilinski, raise your hand."

Just like that, the boy with the buzz cut had shot his arm up like a missile, nearly falling out of his seat.

The rest of the class watched as they tried suppressing their laughter.

"In front of Mr. Stilinski is where you'll be seated, until otherwise." He said with his stern voice and creepy smile

Riley didn't get a supernatural feeling from the man but it was his creepy vibe that caused Riley to stay alarmed around the guy.

He headed to his seat noticing that he sat right behind the strawberry blonde that he saw earlier, then to his left was the girl who had guided him to his class while on his right was the boy who he did give Riley a supernatural vibe.

Riley didn't say a word as he sat in front of Stiles, it was then he noticed the boy Scott was in the class room as well. He could feel Scott's eyes burning a hole in the back of his head "That's it, the battle for dominance has begun." He thought to himself.


**Rickey sat in his black 1969 Chevy black Camaro convertible, gazing in his mirror spiking his hair to his approval in a parking lot.

"Okay Rickey, you got this." He gave himself a pep talk.

"Walk in there and show'em how badass you are!" he said as he left the car, wearing his dark gray leather jacket and dark blue fitted Arizona jeans.

He covered his eyes with his favorite pair of sunglasses and began flashing his famous million dollar smile as he entered a local vintage style bar.

It was exactly how he remembered the place: dark, brooding, yet elegant.

"Hey Sidney, I'll take the reg." he greeted while wearing his smile proudly towards the older bartender.

"I see you're still wearing that devilish smirk." She greeted back to the boy.

"Don't complain lady, this "devilish smirk" won me the love of my life." He fired back at the bartender. The bartender smirked as she placed a small glass full of clear liquid.

"Maybe you should go and find a job instead of getting drunk… in the daytime." Sidney commented.

"Shush Sid, I'm miserable and besides I'm paying you to pour me drinks, not hand me down life lessons from your godly cloud of judgment." He smiled as he chugged the glass empty but before the liquid could hit the back of his throat he had quickly spat it back out all over the counter.

"What is this!? It tastes like piss." Ricky exclaimed as he wiped his mouth with the back of his sleeve.
The bartender leaned in close for a whisper "It's called water, you should try it some time."
Ricky rolled his eyes as he tried to grab a bottle over the counter, only to get his hand slapped away.
" Anna called me already, you're not allowed to have a drink till she says otherwise." Sidney said "I would say sorry, but you and I know I'm not."

Rickey quickly took down his sunglasses to glare the bartender in her dark brown eyes.

"How much is she paying you?" he hissed at the black haired girl "I'll pay double." He insisted as he fished in his pocket.

Sidney began to laugh " keep your money, did you forget we were best-friends in high school?"

"Of course not" The boy was lying, he really had forgotten how many friends Anna had back in high school, since she was once a well-known student during her high school days. Most of Anna's friends were preppy, yappy, and too perky, Sidney was the only one Ricky could stand to be around.

"This will be our little secret! I won't tell her you were here but you have to go now, love." She gave her old friend a warm pleasant smile.

Beautiful indeed she was, she had big bright blue eyes, black raven hair that went past her back, and a round youthful face. Most people wouldn't expect the number of tattoos covering her right arm.


At Beacon Hills High, it was lunch time for Riley and he stood in the school cafeteria like a lost puppy with his dark brown eyes scanning across the place in search for a table.

"Hey new boy!" he heard a familiar voice call out, it was just the girl from earlier.

She was inviting the lonesome boy over towards her table which seem to be crowded of teens who seemed to all be in the same clique: the popular ones.

"Everyone this is Riley, make him feel welcome." She smiled to the group but instead everyone exchanged an awkward glance amongst each other.

"I'm Allison." A girl with dark long hair and doe colored eyes greeted the boy first.

"This is Lydia," she pointed to a strawberry blonde Riley spotted earlier. Lydia paid no attention to the boy, instead she was picking through her salad and smiling towards a blonde blue eyed male.

"That's Jackson and over there is Danny." Allison smiled pointing over to two boys who sat close to each other snickering.

Riley was easily able to tell they were talking about him but wouldn't cause a scene… at least not on his first day.

"If you have any questions then feel free to come ask me!" the girl said with an extended smile.

Riley held his lunch tray in his hands glancing over towards the two boys from earlier.

The boy began to watch as the two dashed from their lunch table and exited the cafeteria, he had the feeling that something wrong.

"Actually I do have a question." Riley smirked as he turned towards the boys once more.

"Those two, who are they?" he asked without hesitation.

"I've never seen those boy's in my life." Lydia whispered.

"I have," Jackson started "those are the teams' benchwarmers!" the blonde jock then shot into laughter alongside his friend Danny.

"Don't mind him, he's an ass." Allison rolled her eyes.

"Figured." Riley thought to himself.

"And their names are Scott McCall and Stiles Stilinski." Said the blue eyed girl.

" Do I get to know your name now?" Riley asked in a honeyed tone.

She gave the boy a coy smile before answering, "Viola, your future class president."

A grin had spread across the boy face.


Rickey stood at the edge of suicide hill looking over Beacon Hills as the warmth of the air softly brushed his cheeks and blew his hair backwards.

He wore a smile that pierced through the wind.

He was actually there reminiscing on a conversation he and Anna had the day they met.


The air was cold that night and everything was in silence except for the late night crickets maybe some birds flapping their wings to get by.


** Rickey was jogging through the woods one late night when his instinct became alarmed, he could hear the rapid heartbeat of another not too far from his location.

He could also hear the soft sobs of a female.

Out of curiosity the boy silently headed towards the girls location: she stood facing the edge of the hill with her arms spread apart as if she was ready to take flight.

Her dark burgundy hair gently whipped about as the breeze picked up, her whole slim body shivering with fear.

The boy wasn't sure but she seemed to be a high school student who went to his school.

"Hey!" he called out to the girl.

"Go away!" the girl responded with a weary voice.

Even though her voice was weary and weak from the sobbing Rickey could tell just by her voice who she was: Anna Campbell. Part of Beacon Hills High's elite popular group, a group he would never be part of.

"Anna?" Rickey called out once more.

"I said leave!" she hissed at the boy but Rickey only smirked and began to walk closer.

"Don't tell me the stunning Anna is going jump off of Suicide Hill?" he said jokingly.

"What does it matter to you anyway?" she shouted at the boy.

Ricky tapped his chin "You know on second thought…I guess I don't" he replied nonchalantly with a grin.

Just then the burgundy colored hair girl had turned to face the boy with her bloodshot red eyes but the real color had stuck out so perfectly, her baby blues.

She indeed had the face of an angel, perfect untouched skin, and a smile that made him weak in the knees.

"It's a long way down and you might not survive." Rickey said jokingly, of course he knew she wouldn't survive but he was more interested in trying to get a broken girl to smile.

"And I don't think you want to go through with it." Rickey continued.

Anna's eyebrows pinched together "Oh yeah?" she turned around, facing the edge once more.

"You're Anna, you don't take easy ways out of life… Life is always hard for the belle of boulevard." The boy quoted.
"You don't know me." She snapped.
Ricky stood right next to her "You're right, I don't. Although I can tell you're a real stubborn girl."
She shot dagger like stares at him.
Rubbing his hands together eagerly he stepped closer to the edge " Guess if you can't beat 'em, join em."
"What are you doing?" she asked, eyes full of worry.
He grabbed her hand softly "On the count of three, we jump."
She swallowed hard as she shook her head.
"One." He looked into her baby blue eyes, the look of fear had escaped her.
"two" she squeezed his hand tighter as she bit the bottom of her lip.
"thr-"
"Wait!" she screamed as she pulled him back, away from the edge. The two of them stumbled backwards as her little fingers tightly clutched at his hoodie. They were chest to chest as she was trembling, breathing hard from the fear of almost jumping. She looked over the twinkling lights of the city below, as he looked to her with a smile.

"Who are you?" she asked the boy.

"Ask me tomorrow, in school." With that he left her there, leaving her for a reason to live for at least one more day.

Rickey threw his hoodie on as he began to jog back home, leaving Suicide Hill.



Thank you to my good friend who revised and helped me with reediting the first chapter.


>