

Chapter 22: Before the Dawn


This is it you guys, the final chapter of Vindicated.



I'am very proud to release this chapter, I tried to make it the best I could!



Please leave a review and comment to let me know what you all thought!



Also there will be a sequel that will pick up at the start of season 2



Until then, happy reading.



1 song for this epic chapter



Grow Old by The Naked Famous



Allison, alone sat on the edge of her queen size bed starring deep into a photo of her Scott. She was broken inside, not knowing what to believe anymore. One of her best friends were in the hospital, her boyfriend was a monster, and her parents were keeping a whole other hidden from her; the only person it seemed that she could trust was her aunt Kate and she wasn't sure if she could 100% trust her either. No one was telling her anything. How the hell was she to deal with any of this? Tonight had started off so well and then, with a blink of an eye, everything fell apart.

"They were going to tell you."

Allison head shot up towards her door way that lied as an entrance from their long corridor and into her sanctuary, just to find her shady Aunt Kate standing with her arms crossed.

A million questions entered her mind at that second but one that bugged her the most: "where's Scott?" Kate rolled her eyes in annoyance and took a step further inside her niece bedroom, making her way over to Allison where she gently took a seat right next to her. Her demeanor was now switched over to comfort the young huntress - or soon to be huntress. She used her very index finger to gently push back a strand of Allison hair that had found its way over her head. There was no doubt that Kate was evil, but she did love her family and would do just about anything to protect them and Allison was no exception. She would probably protect Allison over any of her family, which is why Kate decided to tell Allison everything.

"Scott and Riley both are werewolves. They're monsters Allison, they would soon kill you and everyone else you loved."

Those words sat heavy on Allison's mind, the word "
monsters"
shook her to the core but the word "
werewolves
" left her feeling devastated.

"Come with me Allison, help me catch them and I will tell you everything." Kate said, but, could Allison really trust her?

All she knew was that she couldn't trust her parents and if she couldn't trust them, then why would she be able to trust Kate? Her voice was warm and comforting, it lured her in but while every inch of her mind screamed to not trust her, she couldn't help to do the opposite. Kate's words were compelling and Allison was vulnerable.

"I can tell you everything that your parents kept from you."

And that was the deal breaker. Those were the exact words that Allison needed to hear to let herself go with Kate, she wanted answers and now she was desperate for them.

A blood curling grin appeared on Kate's face with the feeling of accomplishment, it was now or never.


Jackson, Stiles, and Riley were all taken to an ally where they were savagely beaten and interrogated; these were hunters, Riley knew if he tried anything then he would be putting both Jackson and Stiles in danger.

He looked over to Stiles, noticing that he showed the slightest bit of fear while Jackson seemed to be ready to cry out every little thing he knew if it meant that he could see another day. The three of them were on their knees and each of them had one guy who looked as if he ate weights for breakfast, holding them down.

"Stiles, if you have a plan I'd advise that you tell me right now." Riley whispered but the hunters heard them.

Chris went to crouch down just to meet eye level with the three, "let's try this one last time," he said, "Where is Scott McCall."

"I don't see why anyone would want Scott," Stiles quipped

Riley and Jackson both locked glances on Stiles, neither of them were sure where he was going with this but were also dying to find out. Ever Chris seemed interested for a second.

"I mean I'm so much more funny… right guys?" and that was the last straw for Stiles as Chris gripped the jokester by his collar of his shirt and ripped him off the ground just to slam him against a brick building. Stiles threw his hands in the air for defeat but Chris didn't care, he just wanted one small piece of information.

"Let me ask you something Stiles: Have you ever seen a rabid dog?" his words were seeping with aggression, his grip around Stiles collar grew tighter and tighter.

"No, but I can put that on my to-do-list if you let me go?"

"Well I have, and I was forced to put a bullet through a friend of mines head, do you want to know why?"

"Not really, no offenses to your story telling skills."

"He tried to kill me… on a full moon." The three boys' heart instantly dropped to the pit of their stomach.

Stiles then glanced over to Riley, he could see the pain on the omega as he tried to avoid eye contact. Riley felt like a monster. He knew if he ever tried killing any of his friends that he wouldn't be able to forgive himself. Is this why the Argents hunted to werewolves?

"We run by a code Stiles. A code that really hasn't allowed us to touch you yet Riley."

"Are you waiting to get him and his brother in a house so you can just burn it?" Stiles words were laced with venom, his friend was threaten and he would be damned if he didn't say anything.

"We didn't do that." Chris growled.

"You didn't but your psychotic sister did."

There was a lump that formed in the center of Chris throat, he knew his sister wasn't exactly the sweetest person on the planet but he found it hard to believe that she was capable of burning down an entire home of werewolves. As he began to line the pieces up he soon realized it was all along right in front of his face… he was just too blind to see it.


Scott was forced to carry both Derek and Rickey out of their prison, they both had one arm wrapped around the beta as he dragged them away; their next destination was the Hale House. After Scott broke them free and told them some startling information about Peter, on how he planned to become the alpha and how he lured Derek's older sister to Beacon Hill just to kill her and steal her powers. Derek was furious and if he wasn't feeling weak, he would have left Rickey and Scott behind and go after his uncle himself. He hated this feeling of being weak, he hated it more than anything.

The young beta dragged the two through the woods, he was glad that they were finally both on his side and more importantly that he would finally put an end to Peter's reign.

"I gotta' take a breather," Rickey uttered as he crawled over to a tree and slowly reached in his leather jacket, pulling out his silver flask.

He was beyond happy to finally be in possession of his flask, he pressed his cracked lips up against the side in appreciation before taking a quick swig.

"Are you serious!?" Scott threw his hands up in the air in disbelief.

The sight of Rickey stopping to take a drink was painful, he truly did not believe his own eyes.

"How about YOU try not going a week without a drink! Plus I'm a little dehydrated." Rickey replied

Scott couldn't help the twitch in his right eye, he wanted nothing more but to wring Rickey's neck for being so foolish in a time like this. Derek glared over to the two, watching as they bickered like idiots.

"Are you two done yet?" Derek asked.

"Have a seat Mr. Grumpy, there is enough whiskey to go around." He said with a smile on his face.

The omega even went so far to raising his flask into the air, offering a sip to Derek and Scott but the look on Derek's face was clear indication that he was declining the offer. He flared his nostrils, striking fear into Rickey. However, it wasn't enough. The omega took another sip from the flask.

"You're pathetic." Peter murmured under his breath as he began to walk away.

"I can hear you, dumbass." Rickey retorted.

As Derek wandered farther and farther away from Rickey, he came to a sudden pause once he caught a familiar scent. His head whipped from left to right as he tried to sniff the scent out before it was too late.

"Someone's here!" Derek shouted towards Rickey and Scott, causing the omega to jump to his feet.

Just as Rickey caught the scent he was hit with an arrow that came piercing through the wind behind him; into his back and out through the right side of his rib-cage.

"Not again…" he groaned in pain as he fell to his knees.

Scott stood in awe after witnessing Rickey being taken down, it was like déjà vu all over again except this time he was with Derek also.

Another arrow came piercing through with wind and this time, it penetrated Derek right in his thigh; the beta fell straight to the ground.

"Scott run!" Derek shouted as he gathered all his strength to rip the arrow out.

Scott dashed through the woods, running as fast as he could with no set place in mind but once he found the burned down home it was all he knew. Behind him Derek who carried Rickey to safety with one arm around his neck. The omega knew he wasn't strong enough to carry Rickey just yet, he found himself limping his way there.

A flash bang was shot their way, shooting off a blinding light once it hit a tree; Derek and Rickey collapsed.

"Scott run!" Derek hollered to the beta.

His feet pounding against the earth just to get to safety, just to get away. Running as fast as he could; as hard as he could. Scott knew in the back of his mind that if he didn't get away then everything they worked for would just fall down the drain and no one would be able to save them; no one would be able to stop Peter. An arrow pierced the back of his leg, causing the beta to tumble into the leaves. Despite the excruciating pain the beta felt, he still managed to roll to his back just to lay eyes on the culprit. There was no doubt in his mind that it was Kate Argent but it was the tag-along that shocked him the most, next to the wicked witch of the west was Allison Argent. She was dressed for the occasion, wearing combat boots that were knee high and in her hands was a bow, strapped to her back was a quiver filled with dozens of arrows. His wide brown eyes were filled with distraught as he watched his once beloved girlfriend approach him. Was she coming to kill him? She had to be if she was with Kate now.

"Allison, I can explain." He said but Allison wanted no parts in it, she was tired of the lying and tired of being in the dark.

She stood over the beta with emotionless olive green eyes, it was as if Scott was looking into the eyes of a stranger. She said nothing and there was no sign of remorse for putting an arrow in Rickey and Derek. Was this the end?

"We caught them Aunt Kate; now what?" Allison asked with her blank expression.

She received no answer at first, but as she went to turn around she heard a gun fire that caused her to jump. Out the shadows was Kate Argent holding her eagle desert pistol.

"Now we kill them." She said cold as she pulled her trigger once more, but this time over towards Rickey.

Allison stood speechless towards Kate's action. Her once role model was now telling her to kill. Scott could easily tell that Allison was just as afraid as him, he could watch as Kate took step by step towards; pointing her pistol right between the betas eyes.

"No. Kate don't…" Allison pleaded to her aunt, her family, but Kate pushed away and ignored the girl.

It was almost as if Allison was just another person to her.

"Kate please!" Allison cried out.

Just as the huntress slid her fingers straight towards the trigger she was startled by the loud sound of another gun firing. Her head shot up towards the direction from where the bullet came and to her surprise it was Chris Argent.

"I know what you did Kate and it was wrong." Said the hunter.

"I did what I had to do. No one else would do it." She justified.

"There were children in that house! Some were human!"

After everything Chris said, Kate still held her grounds with her gun pointed straight at Scott, she could care less what everyone thought of her at this point.

"We go by the code!" Chris exclaimed.

"There is no code!" Kate exclaimed as well.

For a brief moment, the siblings stared each other down with aggression in their eyes. Kate gripped her gun tighter than ever, she was ready to pull the trigger. Nothing but a haunting silence and the sound of wind brushing through the trees was heard. Chris held his gun pointed to his own sister, Kate pointed her gun straight to Scott, and Allison could only sit in awe just waiting to see what would happen next.

The silence was suddenly broken when they heard a short lived chuckle coming; they all turned their heads towards the front porch of the burned Hale home where their eyes met Peter Hale, clapping as if he just witnessed a play.

"Bravo everyone." He smirked.

Kate stood in fear as she slowly began to back away Scott and quickly switched her aim towards Peter.

"My, oh my Kate, you look as if just seen a ghost." Peter mocked the huntress, slowly taking a step closer and closer.

Kate threw both her shaky hands around her pistol and continued to back away. Chris quickly threw his aim on Peter just as Scott jumped to his feet and became a shield for Allison. With both Rickey and Derek down, he would have to protect everyone… even Kate.

"This is the moment we've all been waiting for Kate." Peter said as he dropped down to all fours and became nothing but a black flash that bolted all around the area, knocking everyone off their feet, one by one until Kate was the only standing.

He was saving her for last and so he did. He appeared behind the huntress, launching a kick in the back of her knee that caused her to become off balanced but before she could hit the ground, Peter caught her by the throat. His sharp nails wrapped around her soft skin, he waited for this moment, dreamt about it and now it was finally happening.

"Please don't!" Allison begged the alpha, she stood on her two feet.

Peter glanced over at the teenage girl, staring her dead in the eyes.

"You have such a lovely niece, Kate." Said Peter, "she looks a lot like you…beautiful."

"Please don't do this…" Allison murmured.

Tears began to form in the alphas eyes, "say you're sorry Kate. Say you're sorry for decimating my family. For leaving me crippled and broken for the last six years!"

Kate refused, "never…" she said just before Peter ripped his claws against the huntress throat, leaving blood to splatter against the leaves just as Kate's body fell limp to the cold hard ground as every bit of life left her body. The once glimmering light in the huntress eyes was now shunned out. Allison dropped to her knees in disbelief, it was almost as if some had just taken the life out of her as well.

"Whoops…" said the alpha as he took a step closer to the brunette.

However, Allison was stuck in a daze to even realize the danger she was just put in: Peter was going to kill her.

The alpha raised his claws into mid-air and as he got ready to bring them down, Rickey Stones had come from the side and knocked the alpha right off his feet.

At his side was Scott McCall and Derek Hale, together the three were ready to fight off Peter and stop him from causing any more bloodshed.

"Ready for round 2?" Rickey smirked.

Peter stood to his feet, he knew that taking them on would be nothing more than child's play. Each had a murderous look in their eye but it was still not enough to take Peter on.

Rickey was the first to make his move on Peter, however with ease Rickey flipped to his back. Derek was the next to charge in, he swung his fist once but Peter was able to counter the betas movement and also able to knock him on the ground as well.

Scott saw this an opportunity to grab Allison and take her to safety which was right next to her father and that's exactly what he did, "stay here," he demanded of the brunette.

When Allison finally snapped out of her daze, the first thing she noticed was the brawl between Peter and Scott. She noticed how Scott fought hard to take down Peter, from punching to kicking to even grappling, Scott tried every move in the book but it was like Peter had predicted everything. He was barely touchable.

Scott threw a single punch to the alpha just for him catch it like a ball to glove. Pain shot through every ounce of the betas body as Peter began to crush his fist, the pain was strong enough to bring Scott down to his knees. Rickey attempted to sneak upon the alpha from behind but only got a kick to his stomach. Derek jumped back to his feet and rushed over to Peter for Scott's aid but just as he made his way over towards the two, Peter flung the smaller beta over to Derek, stopping him in his track.

The alpha felt his body shifting until finally, he took on the form of the monstrous wolf he truly was; just on his two feet he towered over Rickey.

"Ah shit." Rickey murmured as Peter marched over to the omega and when he finally reached him, Peter shoved his razor sharp claws into Rickey's stomach and raised him into midair, just to be eye to eye.

A dark crimson liquid seeped from the omegas mouth and dripped off his lips, he knew right then and there that this was the end for him but he wasn't going to beg.

"Do your worse." He taunted the monstrous alpha, waiting for the next move but for now Peter could only release a loud ear-deafening roar into the omegas face.

As Allison began to fear the worse and lose hope for the three, she was blinded by a surprising light. To her amazement it was Jackson's Porsche and out jumped Riley Stones with a glass flask in his hands, "hey you ugly son of a bitch let go off my brother!" Riley shouted as he flung the flask straight toward the monstrous creature.

But in order for Peter to have caught the flask, he had to drop Rickey first and it was just what Riley was expecting.

"Allison now!" Rickey shouted to the brunette.

She wasn't sure what the omega was talking about but once she laid eyes on her bow it all came running towards, with quick speed drew an arrow from her quiver and plucked her bow straight off the ground and set aim at the flask; she shot the arrow directly at the flask, shattering it and igniting Peter's entire arm into flames from the tip of his fingers all the way to his shoulder.

"Jackson!" Riley called out to the jock who sat in the driver seat and out he came, followed by Stiles. The jock flung his flask right to Peter but this time, his engulfed his entire body into flames. A smirk of success appeared on the young omegas face after witnessing the fall of Peter. But the alpha didn't go down at that instant, instead he used every ounce of energy he had left to charge at Allison, it was his sole mission… he would surely kill her before he die.

Derek and Rickey caught on quickly, they both shared a grin before dashing to the alpha and leaped into the air, both sending a kick right into the center of the alpha chest. Their kick was strong enough to send Peter tumbling backwards until finally collapsing on his back.

The alpha, Peter Hale, was finally defeated and was slowly becoming nothing more but a burnt crisp of what he used to be.

"You gotta admit," Rickey smirked, "we were badass."

Derek, like always ignored the omega and watched as his psychotic uncle burned alive, hearing his cries reach the night sky.


Chris Argent had just woken up and looked to his daughter for help getting up, he could see his dead sister. It was heart breaking. Everyone else seemed okay and just at any moment, the sheriff and his squad would arrive. He looked over once again, noticing Scott wanted to see Allison. After everything that had happened, she could use some alone time with the beta. With nod of his head, he allowed Allison to see Scott, just for at least now.

**Seeing Allison and Scott together forced a soft smile on Rickey's, she had found out his secret and still accepted him. He wondered if Anna would do the same. Anna was the only thing on his mind, he had just realized that she was the only person who he hadn't seen yet and he had to see her. He needed to see her.

"Anna…" his smile fell apart to the thought of her.

The omega broke off into a mad dash, heading to his home.

If she was still there then there was a chance he could explain, he would tell her everything. He would tell her about her father, his secrets, and how she changed his life. She was the love of his life, the one who kept his demons locked away and the only one who keep them locked. If she was gone, then so was he. He the harsh burning bright light that blinded him, he wanted to be a better person because of her. If he didn't have her then he had no one. All he could think about when Kate held a gun to her head at point blank was tearing out her throat and could care less for the consequences. To him, Anna was everything trapped in one 120 something pound girl.

He forced himself run faster and even after the pain in his legs grew more unbearable, he continued running.

He ran through the woods, leaping over peoples gates and out their yards until finally reaching his home. He search through all the rooms but came to nothing, only a sheet a paper that rested on their kitchen countertop: a goodbye note.

When Riley later arrived home, he found his front door wide opened and up against the wall was his older brother who sat with his head in his hands.

"Well, Derek's an alpha now." Riley said

Rickey lifted his head up to reveal his red and puffy eyes, if Riley didn't know any better he would have to say that Rickey has been crying, but for how long and why?

"She's gone…" Rickey murmured.

Riley's brows knitted together in confusion. He had the slightest clue of what his brother meant…until it hit him. His brows separated themselves as his eyes grew to the size of saucers.

Anna was gone from their lives.



A heart breaking finale :(



Not gonna lie, I had a tiny tear moment writing the ending.



But I'd appreciate it if you guys left a comment or a review and let me know on your thoughts?



I have no set date for the sequel but you can expect it in about 3 weeks.



There will also be a one shot that I will be posting soon that will lead right into season 2!



Farewell until then :]


>