

There are stories. And then there are stories that are true. The Grimm fairytales are stories. The mythologies of Greece are not stories. The Grecian gods are in fact, very real. They are alive and they move along with the Western Civilization. First was Greece itself, then Rome, Germany, France, Spain, Great Britain and then, finally, The United States of America. As the flow of civilization changed, so did the gods. Zeus became Jupiter, Artemis became Diana, so on and so forth. But one stayed the same, this one goddess never changed. Unlike the other gods, her personality stayed the same throughout time. But she was no ordinary goddess. She had a small shrapnel of humanity. Not because she was so linked with her charges, the ones she was due to protect, but because she had been human for eighteen years before becoming a goddess. Not a half-blood, a full human.

Calais was the daughter of a king, one highly favored in the eyes of the gods. He was a good king who did everything for the good of his kingdom. He negotiated out of wars and gave money to the poor. He married a princess from another kingdom to stop a war and make peace. Nine months later, what was supposed to be a strong son, was a strong daughter. Hera, queen of the gods and goddess of family and marriage, saw how much the favored king adored and loved his daughter. She, along with all of the other gods, blessed the child with their favor. But, unbeknownst to them, they blessed her with their powers.

Calais was raised, for the next eighteen years, as a diplomatic, kind princess who was also an excellent swordsman. Her hand was sought in every kingdom of Greece, every prince wanted her to be his wife. She found one she fell in love with, Perseus and they became betrothed. He was granted a quest from his father, Zeus, to save the kingdom of Aethiopa from a sea serpent and went away. Calais got word not soon after, from the goddess of love, that Perseus had married Andromeda. Drunk with rage, Calais was taken to Aethiopa by the god of war and with his help, she destroyed the kingdom with fire. For some reason, Perseus, Andromeda and the other royals were spared, along with many commons.

But Calais was sentenced death immediately. Her people could do nothing. So she accepted her fate. The king had the Minotaur captured and brought to his kingdom to kill the foreign princess. But just as soon as the Minotaur charged at the princess, she vanished. She was not seen again for years.

She was transported to Olympus, home of the gods. Aphrodite claimed that her actions had been of heartbreak and were therefore, excused. Hera agreed, which made the others agree as well. Except Zeus. No one could sway the decision that the girl had to die. She was too powerful. No mortal should have the power of a god. Or tens of gods for that matter. Then, from the shadows, came Hades. He provided substantial proof that the girl should live, and live forever. She had been unknowingly blessed for a reason, so she should live to find it out. Hades hated mortals. Zeus, almost moved by his elder brother's speech, granted the princess immortality as a goddess among them. Her duty was to protect their legacy. Match them with mortals, create the demigod offspring that would ensure the survival of Greece. She accepted.

And that was how a mortal, a mere mortal princess, became the eternal goddess Calais, protector of mortals and demigods, owner of the Thrice-Blessed Blade and favorite of all the gods and goddesses around her. But this is not the story of how she lived and became of goddess. This is the story of how she was a goddess and how she died.

>