

Tantalus' punishment for Percy, Tyson and Annabeth was working kitchen patrol with the cleaning harpies. Not the best job but it could have been a lot worse.

The campfire wasn't as warm as usually and the campers were trying to be in good spirits after the bird tragedy of the afternoon. Callais hummed along during the sing-along portion of the campfire. The Apollo children tried to lift up the others campers spirits, but she could tell even they weren't feeling it.

The enchanted fire was barely five feet tall, a little cold, and greyish. Callais watched her elder brother get up and leave the campfire silently. He trailed off into the Big House a few moments later.

Tantalus stood up, a perfectly roasted marshmallow waiting to be eaten on the stick in his hand. Callais watched in amusement as he tried to take the marshmallow off the stick but instead, the marshmallow had other ideas. It jumped off the stick and landed in the fire. Callais sniggered to herself. Idiot.

He turned to the campers, a deadly smile on his face. "I have some announcements about tomorrow's activities." Percy cleared his throat loudly. Callais mentally prepared herself for an intervention. She was exhausted in every sense of the word and wasn't ready for any sort of confrontation. Not without some form of sleep first. "Does our kitchen boy have an announcement?" Tantalus asked snidely.

Percy stood up and Annabeth stood up with him. "We know how to save the camp, sir." He told Tantalus. The campfire rose, turning a bright yellow color. Callais leaned forward in interest. "We know where the Golden Fleece is." The fire turned a golden orange color.

The Golden Fleece. Callais hadn't heard that in a long time. Percy started rambling off about a dream he had where Grover was running from Polyphemus the Cyclops and something about Polyphemus' island in the Sea of Monsters. Annabeth took over after that, informing everyone about the power the Fleece had and how it could help the camp in healing Thalia's poisoned tree.

"Need I remind you that our camp doesn't need saving?" Tantalus said, voice bored and face slack with un-interest. The campers stared back at him, expressions of horror on their faces. "Anyways, the Sea of Monsters isn't an exact location. That could be anywhere."

Callais stood up. She was growing tired of him extremely quickly. "I know where it is." Percy spoke. Annabeth nudged him, whispering something in his ear. He spouted off a list of coordinates. Tantalus said the coordinates meant nothing. "They're sailing coordinates." Percy said spitefully. Tantalus asked how Percy would know anything about stuff like that.

Callais bit back a groan. "He's the son of Poseidon. I would be quite worried if he didn't know anything about sailing coordinates." She spat at Tantalus. His ignorance really baffled her.

Annabeth worked it out excitedly. "That's in the Atlantic somewhere. Off the coast of Florida." She said quickly. "We need a quest!" She told him.

The campfire's flames rose quickly as the campers began chanting about a quest. Callais crossed her arms over her chest. Tantalus looked at her, eyes wide. She nodded at him, a smirk painting her lips.

"Alright." Tantalus agreed. "I'll allow a champion to go on this quest to bring back the Golden Fleece to s
ave
the camp. Or die trying." Callais rolled her eyes. His drama was unnecessary, just like his presence. "The champion shall consult the Oracle for a prophecy and choose two companions for the quest. I believe we all know who our champion is." Tantalus grinned at Percy and Annabeth. "Our champion should be someone who has earned everyone's respect, a resourceful person in the face of peril and courageous. Our champion is
Clarisse
!"

Callais' arms fell to her sides. The fire began rapidly changing colors as the Ares campers began to chant Clarisse's name loudly. Clarisse scrambled to her feet and excitedly accepted her quest.

"Hold on!" Percy shouted. "Grover is
my
friend! The dream came to
me
!" The Ares campers yelled for him to sit down and shut up.

Soon enough, campers were taking sides between Clarisse and Percy. "Everyone shut up!" Tantalus shouted. The yelling died down until everyone was looking at him. "Sit down you brats and I'll tell you all a ghost story." All of the campers sat down in a stunned silence.

Callais didn't sit down. She continued to stand, watching Tantalus with reluctant and suspicious eyes. "Once upon a time there was a king who was beloved by all of the Gods. They even allowed him to feast on Mount Olympus with them!"

"Not. True." Callais said, her voice high in a sing-song tone. He shot her a dangerous look.

"When the king tried to take some of their nectar and ambrosia so he could learn how to make it, the gods punished him. They banned the king from Olympus and he was mocked by all his people. His children made fun of him, children who were just like all of you! And do you know what he did to all of his terrible children? He invited the Olympian gods down to his palace for a great feast and none of them noticed his children were missing. I bet you all know what was in the stew he served!"

"That part is true." Callais told the campers. "The gods punished him in the afterlife." She told them. "He's not allowed to eat or drink anything ever again, though I don't think that punishment is quite enough for his awful behavior." She glanced at Tantalus.

He narrowed his eyes at her. "Now, are there any questions before we send Clarisse off on her quest?" He asked the campers threateningly. He ordered Clarisse to go to the Oracle for her prophecy. "Now," Tantalus clapped his hands, "if anyone tries to leave the camp without my permission, they will be expelled forever! If you make it that far anyways! The harpies will be enforcing a curfew from now on!"

He waved his hand, dismissing the campers. Callais walked over to Percy, putting a hand on his shoulder. "Hey, chin up." She whispered. "You're still going. I'll tell you more tonight." She clapped his back and walked away.

Callais took her tablet off the nightstand and opened it up. It was late at night and she was doing what she always did when she couldn't sleep. She was making herself feel worse about everything. The tablet automatically opened to the camper it had been last left on.

Luke Castellan.

Son of Hermes and May Castellan. Twenty years old. Blue eyes, blond hair. A scar that ran from his eye to his chin.

Callais gnawed on her bottom lip, her fingers hovering over his face on the screen. "I'm sorry. I should have done better." She turned the tablet off, tossing it on the bed. She looked out the glass wall towards Cabin Three. If she had to, she'd kill a harpy.


I'm at the beach.
Percy's voice was in her head.

She slipped on some shoes and headed out the door. She found him on the surf, laying on a towel drinking a Coke. She sat down beside him, pulling her knees up to her chest. He handed her a Coke. She usually didn't drink sugary drinks or anything caffeinated but this was a special circumstance. She popped the tab and started drinking.

"What do we do? About Tantalus and the quest and everything?" He asked quietly. Small waves rolled into the shore.

"Yeah. We're going. Don't worry about it how. Whenever you're ready to leave, say it and we're gone." She told him.

Her ears prickled and she looked over to the other side of Percy. Standing beside him was a man in running shorts and a NYC Marathon shirt. "It's beautiful out tonight, isn't it?" The man asked. Percy jumped, nearly dropping his Coke can in the sand. "May I sit with the two of you? I would love to sit." He asked. Percy nodded slowly and watched the man sit down. "Coca-Cola? May I?" Percy nodded again. Callais watched the man take a can and open it. He took a drink and then nodded in satisfaction. "Your hospitality is much appreciated, young man. And hello, Callais. You look lovely. As always."

She narrowed her eyes as he phone began to ring. He groaned, taking a cell phone from his pocket. The phone glowed blue and the antenna grew to be two small snakes. "Gotta take this. Just a sec." He stood up and walked away, answering the call. He came back moments later, sitting back down. "Now, peace and quiet. Percy, do you have a favorite constellation?" He asked.

Percy shrugged, looking up at the sky. "I like Hercules." The man asked why. "He had worse luck than me."

The man raised his eyebrows. "You are interesting to say the least."

Callais' lips formed a thin line. "Go away." She hissed. "I don't want you here."

The man's eyes saddened at her statement. Her voice had been cold, unwelcoming. Not at all like the usual warm and inviting tone she almost always had. Her golden eyes seemed to darken, dangerous and malevolent.

Percy shifted uncomfortably at the change in the atmosphere. "Uh, who are you?" Percy asked the man quietly.

Callais stood up suddenly, sand flying off of her. "I said leave. Go now before I make you." She snarled at the man. "You've done enough damage."

The man looked down at his phone, whispering something to it. Callais and the man locked eyes, her arms crossed over her chest. She had a challenging look in her eyes, like she would fight him whether he provoked her or not. The man's phone grew into a full-sized staff, two snakes coiled together around the wooden staff and dove's wings at the top.

Callais swallowed deeply, eyes narrowed. "You're Hermes. L-." Percy was cut off by an icy voice that sent chills down his spine.

"Luke's father." Callais' voice bit, turning the summer air cool.

Hermes didn't look at her as she spoke. "That's me. Hermes, god of messengers, travelers and thieves." He gripped his caduceus tightly, like he was going to have to use it against Callais. "So Percy, what are you going to do about the quest?"

Callais pulled the god to his feet, and then shoved him forcefully. "No. Absolutely not. You are not allowed to talk to him about this! Leave!" She continued to shove him until he fell.

"Callais, enough!" He ordered her. "Before you hurt someone."

She was holding a small lightning bolt in her hand, body trembling with anger and power. "You want to talk about hurt, Hermes? And quests? The last time you showed any interest in a quest, your
son
almost died. And then he bottled up all of his resent towards you and that failed quest that had already been done once and that was enough for him to trust Kronos." Her knuckles were pale white and hot, like her anger. "So leave now or I'll make you the first god to die, I promise."

"Cal. I think he's trying to help." Percy's voice was quiet behind her. Her face softened. He was afraid of her. Speaking softly so she didn't incinerate him. The lightning bolt turned to sand in her hand, falling away to her feet. "Sir, I don't have permission to go on the quest. But Grover…he's my best friend."

Hermes' eyes twinkled with mischief. "Kid, sometimes young people do things they aren't supposed to and good things come from their disobedience." He still wasn't looking at Callais. Like this middle-aged god-man was afraid of an eternal eighteen year old. Well, that was the truth. She had the temper of her father. "Get what I'm saying?"

Percy's eyes drifted around. "You're telling me to go anyways." Hermes grinned and asked one of his snakes, Martha, for the first package. The snake spat out a black thermos, Ancient Greek scenes painted on the sides.

"How original.
Hercules Busts Heads
." Callais said dryly. Percy gave her a confused look. "A TV show. Used to air on Hephaestus TV. Everyone without a brain loved it." She looked pointedly at Hermes.

Percy took the thermos, inspecting it. "You've giving me a gift?" He asked Hermes. The god said he was giving him two gifts. Percy stared down at the thermos in his hand, turning it over and over quickly. "This is a compass." Percy observed.

Hermes shrugged. "Guess so. But if you unscrew the lid, it unleashes the winds of the four corners. Only undo it a little bit. The winds are a bit…rowdy. George, second one please."

The other snake coughed up a bottle of vitamins and Hermes handed them to Percy. "Be very careful. These are extremely potent. And fun shaped! These will get you feeling like yourself again."

Percy thanked him for both the items. "So, Lord Hermes, why are you helping me? Not that I don't appreciate it, because I do. It's great. But you guys aren't too keen on me."

This was when Hermes finally looked at Callais. His eyes were filled with a sort of melancholy look. Not one that was as ancient as he was. It was recent. And it looked very similar to the look Callais' eyes had been looking for that last while. "I'm hoping you can save more people than your friend Grover on this quest, Percy."

Callais' heart twisted. "You mean Luke, don't you?" Percy whispered. Not even the wind made noise in the silence. "Sir, I don't mean any disrespect but I don't think he can be saved. I mean, he kind of said he wanted to tear Olympus to the ground and he really hates you."

Hermes swallowed. "You can't give up on family. Right, Callais?" He asked her. "You think there's still hope, which means we should all have hope. You know them better than anyone." He knew he was treading on dangerous ground. She was highly upset with him and Luke was a sensitive subject to her, no matter who was talking.

She looked out to the ocean, eyeing the dock where she had sat with Luke so many times. "You would think so, wouldn't you?" She murmured.

Hermes frowned at her vague response. "You two have a short deadline. Your friends are coming now." As if on cue, Annabeth and Tyson's voices could be heard shouting from far away. Hermes snapped his fingers and four duffle bags appeared at Percy and Callais' feet. "I think I packed well enough for you all. They're waterproof. And I'm assuming that old Kelp-head can help you reach your ship." He pointed out on the water to a cruise ship. "You've got about five minutes before the harpies come out and eat you." He jogged off down the beach, finally disappearing in a shimmer.

Percy looked at Callais just as Annabeth and Tyson showed up. "What's going on?" Annabeth asked. "We heard you shouting for our help." Hermes' work, of course.

Hurriedly, Percy told them what had just happened. The faint screech of the harpies could be heard from the camp. "Percy, I can give you a quest. I'm allowed to do that." Callais told him. "Tantalus won't like it but he isn't in charge, not really. It's going to be dangerous and you could get expelled, maybe, but it's worth a try." She told him.

His eyes widened as the harpy screeches came closer. "Tyson can stay and tell Mr. D where we went." Annabeth told Percy.

Tyson protested, saying he wanted to go. Annabeth's hands shook. She had a grudge against the young Cyclops. Percy thought on this for a few moments, judging whether Tyson would help them stay alive or help kill them. "He has to go. Tantalus will torture him for us leaving." Percy decided.

Annabeth shook her head. "You know where we're going. Polyphemus…He's a…A you know…" She stuttered.

"Enough. We're all four going." Callais decided. "Now, to get to the ship." She whispered. "Ask your father." She told Percy.

Percy stepped into the water, head searching the night sky. "Dad, we kind of need your help. We have to get to that cruise ship or the harpies are gonna eat us." He called out.

Nothing happened for a few moments. Callais' body shook anxiously as she felt the harpies get closer to them. And then, four white stallions burst out of the water and onto the sand. No, not full stallions. Half stallion and half silvery fish.

"Hippocampi. Nice." Callais whispered.

"Fish ponies!" Tyson named them happily.

The harpies were crossing over the sand dunes. They weren't particularly quick creatures, but they had a nasty bite if they did happen to catch you. The two demigods, cyclops and the goddess all grabbed their duffle bags and hopped onto their rides. More than happy, the hippocampi plunged into the waves, taking off at full speed.

Callais let out a silent breath. Getting to the Sea of Monsters was going to be hard. Getting out would be harder.

Her blood turned cold at the sight of the ship. Printed largely and boldly on the side of the ship was its name.


PRINCESS ANDROMEDA


Callais cursed Hermes a thousand times over. His humor was ill and only made her hate him more. She felt two sets of eyes on her. Percy and Annabeth were both staring at her.

Andromeda was a touchy spot for Callais. Back when she had been mortal, Callais was supposed to marry the original Perseus and then he went off to save Aethiopa from a sea monster that Poseidon had sent to punish Andromeda's mother, Cassiopeia. Perseus fell in love with Andromeda and they got married, breaking the pact he had with Callais. And then she destroyed Aethiopa, got sentenced to death by Minotaur and ended up saved by the gods and turned into a goddess.

"She wasn't that pretty, you know." Callais told them. Percy looked away. She always assumed he felt awkward around her. After all, he was named after Perseus.

The hippocampi took them around the ship until they reached a service ladder that would get them on the ship. Annabeth went first, then Percy after her, then Tyson after a little coaxing and then finally Callais started up the ladder.

The ladder took them to maintenance deck where the lifeboats were kept. They walked for a while, never running into anyone. They had passed at least fifty cabin doors and heard nothing to indicate there were people.

Callais' nose tickled and Tyson shuddered. "Smells bad." Tyson mumbled. Callais nodded. She didn't like the smell or the feeling this ship was giving her. And it wasn't because this ship was named after the first person she had ever hated.

They passed the swimming pool, the water looked creepy, and sloshing around as the ship went over wave after wave. "We need a place to sleep. Where people won't see." Percy said.

Annabeth nodded in agreement. It took them a while but they found a suite on the ninth floor that was completely empty of life. Annabeth and Callais shared half the suite and Percy and Tyson shared the other half. Callais advised the boys to keep the doors locked and not to eat or drink anything.

She tore open her duffle bag, examining its contents. Hermes had packed everything that could be needed. Extra clothes, toiletries, drachmas. Her mouth watered at the sight of ambrosia and nectar. She zipped the bag back up, promising that she wouldn't eat anything unless it was absolutely necessary.

"Do you want to talk? About Hermes?" Annabeth whispered.

Annabeth wasn't exactly a girl who liked to talk about boys or problems so it struck Callais as weird that she was offering to listen to the goddess' problems. Especially since Callais was sure Annabeth was frightened to death of her. "I've never really gotten along with Hermes. He just always wanted so much…too many children. Children he didn't care about. I did appreciate that he took in the unclaimed ones but still. If he would have only been a more caring father…we wouldn't be in this mess."

Annabeth laid back on the bed. "You know, if all the Olympians were like you, the world would be a better place."

Callais smiled sincerely. "Thank you. That means a lot. It's only because I was actually human once. I know what it's like, to have all those emotions inside. To really be alive." She sighed. "You should go to sleep. It's been a long night."

Annabeth nodded, rolling over to fall asleep.

Callais' legs shook. This ship wasn't good. She wanted to walk around, to find something that would explain why her nerves were on edge. But she couldn't leave the kids alone.

Before she could do anything, she was dragged into a dream straight from the Underworld.

>