


Young Justice Aftermath



Season 3



Episode 1



Author James the Lesser



I do not own any characters DC does.



Of course a show as awesome as YJ was canceled. We gotta have moar Ben and Ash and other horrible shows instead of some thing awesome.



A/N After being snowed in I had a YJ marathon. Pissed they canceled the show and I wanted to know what happened next. So I'll make it happen. Sorry if I jump around too much but there are so many different characters it is hard to get them all in here.



Watchtower



July 6

th

, 12:30 UTC


Artemis stands near a Zeta Tube. Her heart was still beating like she had just run a marathon. She takes a couple of deep breaths trying to calm her heart.

She had been getting ready to leave with the Beta team when she started seeing blood. Blood on the walls, ceiling, and the others. She started to scream when she passed out.

A few minutes later she woke up and realized she wasn't fit for the team. Not yet. She had to take some time and find a way to work through what was really troubling her.

She is about to leave when a voice stops her. "Are you going back?"

"I have to."

Nightwing walks over to her. "I know. I thought you might like some company."

"I don't think so. Sorry."

"You will. The first time I went back to Gotham after Robin, Jason, was killed I thought I didn't need any one. I was Nightwing, second in command of the team, what did I need some one else for?"

"And?"

Nightwing looks at the floor trying to hide the pained look on his face. "If it weren't for Alfred I might not have come back."

Artemis looks at the Zeta Tube. "Give me five minutes alone."

"Got it." Nightwing watches Artemis enter the Zeta Tube.


B07 Artemis


"Tigress."


B07 Tigress


She disappeared.

Nightwing remember what it was like the first time he went back to Wayne Manor. "I'll give her three minutes."


Central City



July 6

th

, 12:46 UTC


Artemis opens the door to her and Wally's apartment. She goes over to a picture of the two they took on their first day of college. "We should have staid retired." She sets the picture face down on the table.

She goes to their room. "I'll need to pack some things." She was going to stay on the Watchtower and wasn't sure what to do. She wanted to help as Tigress but... It would be hard.

She opens up a drawer and dumps out the shirts inside. "Which ones do I take?" She picks one up that was Wally's. She takes a deep breath. It still had Wally's aftershave and body wash smell.

She keeps going through the shirt pile when she finds a small black box. She picks it up and opens it seeing a small ½ carat diamond ring. "Fighting crime didn't pay very well." Tears roll down her cheeks as she holds the box.

Nightwing knocks on the door. When Artemis doesn't answer it he opens it himself. "Artemis?"

He goes through the apartment and finds her sitting on the bed with the ring box in her hand. "Are you ok?"

She holds up the ring box. "He told me he was going to surprise me at the end of the school year. I didn't know. I missed all those classes because of the mission. I didn't even realize the school year had ended when it did."

"I'm so sorry." Nightwing sits down next to her. "We weren't sure how long it would take."

"I know and I didn't expect to be gone for a week or two. I knew I'd be setting myself back a semester or two. But when I came back Wally would help me and I'd just take night classes. I'd go back to class."

"You still can. You want to retire again you still can. You've earned it."

"No. I thought I was going to retire and go to school so I could escape the life the rest of my family lived. Make my mom happy that I was going to leave the super hero life."

"You can do that."

She shakes her head. "No I can't. When you came to me I jumped at the chance to get back in to it. I missed it too much." She sets the box down.

"We'd all understand. You know who I've lost."

"I know. You refused to talk to him for a couple months after he told me who you really were."

Nightwing puts a hand on hers. "Two months I'll never get back."

"I missed even more months with him." She hugs Nightwing and cries on his chest as he hugs her back.

"I'll make sure I visit. I will."

"You could stay here."

"Bruce has me set up in Bludhaven."

"I don't want to be alone."

"You won't be alone on the Watchtower."

Artemis pulls away. "I'm not going back there."

"Why?"

"Wally is still here." She grabs the shirt she smelled earlier. "I can't leave him here."

"Then I'll visit you here." Nightwing hugs her again as she continues to cry.


UN Headquarters



July 7

th

13:00 UTC


Lex Luthor meets with several UN Ambassadors. "Congratulations on your appointment!" He shakes hands with the Ambassadors.

"Thank you. I was more than happy to replace Tseng after the fiasco he pulled."

"Weren't you one of the Reach's partners?" He turns around and sees Black Canary.

"I never trusted them. Why I planted an inhibitor in the drinks. Also why I've been working to form a new team of heroes. Real heroes."

Black Canary smirks at Lex. "Except one of those heroes joined us and the others quit."

Lex smirks back. "Oh they weren't it. I was simply helping those poor kids leave the labs at Star."

Black Canary narrows her eyes as she glares at Lex. "Those poor kids had been kidnapped and tortured by the Reach. Your partners."

"The Reach kidnapped them. The Reach lied to me as much as they to you and the rest of the world."

"Now, now, this is a joyous occasion." One US Ambassador gets between the two feuding members of the UN.

"Congratulations on your promotion Black Canary. I was looking forward to working with Captain Atom but I'm sure you can fill his role as talking head for the Justice League." Lex walks away as Black Canary holds back her retort trying to be the good face of the Justice League.


Mars



July 7

th

, 15:22 UTC


Miss Martian lands her Bio Ship in a hanger. "And you're sure we can breathe the air?"

"Yes Gar we'll be fine." The three step off and in to the hanger.

"Hello!" B'arzz welcomes the three. "I'm glad you could make it here so quickly."

"What is the problem?" Miss Martian looks around at her old home world.

"When War World left they dumped cargo on Mars."

"So?" Garfield jumps up and down a little disappointed he didn't look like an astronaut on the moon.

"It wasn't just garbage. War World also held prisoners."

"What kind of prisoners?" Superboy's muscles twitch as he thinks of being captured. He knew what it was like.

"Many of them were happy to be freed but there were a few who became violent. We were able to corner them in one room and locked them in."

Superboy raises an eyebrow. "And a whole world of Martians couldn't stop them?"

"One is covered in flames and shoots them out. You know we are weak to fire."

"
I don't know of any animals immune to fire."


"
Don't worry Beast Boy we have Superboy."


"
So I'll tackle the living flame while you two take care of the others."


"As soon as you three are done talking with each other let me know. There are four very powerful beings in one room."

The others realize that B'arzz recognized a psychic conversation being a Martian. "Sorry. Take us to the room and we'll see if we can't subdue them."

"Thank you." B'arzz leads the three through a hallway to the room.

A slamming noise rings out every time one of the four beings inside slam in to the door. "They may escape if we open the door."

"Why not try talking to them?"

"We did. Two we could connect with telepathically but there were two we couldn't. We asked if the first two could stop the other two but one is extremely powerful and the other is a living flame."

Miss Martian closes her eyes and focuses on the beings inside the room. She connects with two of them and can translate mentally. "
Hello?"


"
Hello? You are a new voice."


"
Can you free us? We're sorry we attacked at first. I have been in stasis for what appears to be centuries. I can feel the time internally and if it is correct then I fear my family may be dead."


Miss Martian and the others could feel the sadness come from the second person she connected with. "
Who is slamming against the door?"


"
A female alien I do not know what kind."


"
Can you try and calm her down? We do not mean her harm."


The first being replies.
"I tried already and she nearly broke me in half. She is very angry and very strong."


"Telekinesis should stop her which just leaves us with the flame alien."

B'arzz walks over to a panel. "I'll open the door when you are ready."

Miss Martian focuses on one of the beings she had connected with. She opens her eyes and sees what they see. "Whoa." They did not see like a Martian did. Every thing was bright and glowed. "I can see her now. I'm ready."

Superboy raises his fists. "I'm ready."

"Then be careful." B'arzz opens the door and Miss Martian grabs the female alien with her telekinesis.

The female alien struggles for a few seconds before going limp.

The flame being starts to fly through the open door when Superboy tackles it to the ground. His clothes burn around him as he keeps the flame being pinned to the floor. "Stop!" The flame being becomes hotter.

B'arzz and Miss Martian feel weak from the heat.

Miss Martian starts to fall to the floor when Beast Boy catches her.

Unfortunately Miss Martian is too weak to contain the other alien.

The other alien flies through the open door and down the hall. Several Martians try and stop her but are knocked out of the way easily.

"Let her go. As long as she doesn't attack let her go." B'arzz struggles to the panel and hits a button.

The door closes with Superboy and the three other aliens behind it.

"
Superboy! Are you ok?"


"
It is trying to suffocate us by burning all of the oxygen in the room!"


"
I can have more oxygen pumped in."
B'arzz had joined the connection.

"
Wouldn't his flames go out if there was no oxygen to burn?"


"
Yes! Garfield you're a genius. Superboy it must be a trick."


"
It sure doesn't feel like a trick."
Superboy was surrounded by flames. His Kryptonian skin pouring sweat out of his pores.

"
He'll stop before you pass out."
Miss Martian goes to the door and puts a hand on it. She can feel the heat from the other side.

"
Actually if we sucked the oxygen out it would put out the flames."


"
But the others would die B'arzz!"


"
No. We tell them to take a deep breath first. Once the oxygen is out of the room we open the door and put restraints on the alien."


"
Hear that every one?"


"
Yes."
The other three inside take deep breaths.

B'arzz enters in a code and the oxygen is sucked out of the room. "
Did it work?"


"
Yes! But hurry he is still fighting me."


B'arzz has two restraining shackles ready. "I am opening the door now." As soon as it starts to open he and the other two rush in.

The flame being feels the rush of air and oxygen and starts to reignite when B'arzz gets the restraints on his wrists and ankles.

The flame being tries to burn through the restraints but can't. "Will you please calm down? We mean you no harm." B'arzz keeps his distance because of the heat.

The flame being response was little more than a high pitched screech. Superboy covers his ears exposing... "M'gann!" Beast Boy turns in to an octopus and wraps himself around Miss Martians eyes.

"Oh calm down it isn't like I'm seeing any thing I didn't, uh, never mind."

Superboy's clothes had been burnt off by the being. "Since Martians can just morph clothes I'm guessing you don't have any spare pants laying around."

"We do have cloth which we can make clothing for you." B'arzz closes his eyes and connects with a fellow Martian.

A minute later Superboy wraps a towel around himself and Beast Boy turns back to normal.


Lex Corp



July 8

th

2:20 UTC


Bumblebee flies in through an air duct on the roof of the building. "I'm in."

"Be careful girl we don't know how paranoid Lex Luthor is."

"I don't see any sarin nerve gas canisters Guardian." She flies out of another vent and in to the office of Lex Luthor.

"This is so crash! My first mission as Kid Flash." He touches the symbol on his chest turning his uniform from stealth mode to bright yellow and back again.

"Is he touching himself again? He does know we're on a stealth mission right?"

"Sorry." Kid Flash goes back to stealth mode.

Bumblebee turns on Lex Luthor's computer and waits for it to load. She taps on the side of her head and a small device pops out. "Can you see what I see?"

"Yes." Kid Flash smiles as he sees the password screen. "You people were so trustworthy." He tells Bumblebee how to get around it.

She connects a cord to an USB port. The cord runs to a small external hard drive connected to her belt. "How long do you think this will take?"

"It depends on the size of the hard drive. My future tech can be reverse engineered but it can't make your stuff faster."

Bumblebee sees a timer appear on the screen. "Eleven minutes? More than enough time."

The three had been scouting the building for several days. Tigress was supposed to help but after a breakdown they decided to let her take a long break.

They knew the cleaning crew started at two in the morning and worked their way up. They didn't reach Luthor's office until four in the morning.

"Does it say the size of the copy?"

"Forty gigs."

"Only one hard drive and it is forty gigs? You might want to check that."

"Uh, one second." Bumblebee uses the mouse to click on a button that says
Details
. "Oh, crap."

"What?"

"That is copy one of four. I don't know how big the other copies will be."

"Check the My Computer and see."

"There isn't one on here. Lex is using some weird operating system I haven't seen before."

Guardian finally interrupts the two. "We might have a problem."

"What?"

While Kid Flash was looking through the device on Bumblebee, Guardian had been keeping an eye out for any interference. "I see two flashlights shining through the window one floor below you. It might be security."

"I can turn the monitor off and shrink." Bumblebee takes the external hard drive off and sets it down next to Lex's computer and shrinks.

A few minutes later the office door opens and two men in black sneak in. "I don't think they're security."

The two men go to a painting and take it off of the wall. Behind it is a safe. One of the men places a device on the safe and a few seconds later it pops open. "They're robbing Luthor."

"Should we stop them?"

"No. Kid Flash we are here to copy the hard drives on his computer not keep people from taking what ever jewelry or money he keeps in his safe. Just stay hidden babe."

"I've never seen Kryptonite but I think they're taking some from the safe."

"Who would take it? If they hate Superman then they would be working with Luthor."

"We'll report it back to the others when we go back."

"If we make it back." The first copy had finished and now the next one was starting. "This next one is going to take an hour. If the other two do I'll be here when the cleaning crew get here."

"Stay hidden and they might not see you."

"They might notice the safe."

"Then wait for who ever is there to leave and put it back if they don't."

Kid Flash starts tapping his foot after an hour. "Is it done yet? It probably would have been faster for me to invent another time machine to go back to the future and find out what happened because of the Reach Drink he's making."

"If you could do that why haven't you?"

"Because I can't. I had help making it."

"Stop tapping your foot it is annoying."

"I thought we'd be doing some thing Guardian."

"We are."

"We sit here and wait for Bumblebee to copy some files."

"If Luthor or that cyborg secretary comes in to work early we'll make a distraction for her."

"Hey Mr. Luthor fancy meeting you outside of your office. Nothing suspicious here."

"I'm sure you could run down and set off a fire hydrant or some thing. Unlike you I've been thinking out a strategy in case some one else comes in."

"And we might need it." Copy two had finished and she saw that copy three would take half an hour. "Luthor doesn't come in until seven so we still have time."

"As long as the cleaning crew doesn't notice the computer is on."

"Cross your fingers for me then."


July 8

th



Central City 4:02 UTC


Two men with guns hold up a convenience store.
"
Just put the money in the bag and no one gets hurt. Capiche?"

"Yes, here, don't hurt me I'm just a cashier I don't care if you take the money." The cashier hands the bag over to the two men.

"Thanks for cooperating. I'd hate to have to waste a bullet."

The two men run out of the convenience store.

"Not so fast." One of the men is hit in the left knee by an arrow.

"Aaaa!" He drops the bag of money as he falls.

"Real stupid bringing an arrow to a gun fight." Before the second man can raise his gun he is shot through the right knee. The pain causes him to drop his gun.

"I'm sorry. It looks like you used to be a criminal until you took an arrow to the knee." The mysterious person picks up the bag of money. "I'll be taking this back where it belongs."

"Please, call 911, we need help!"

"Do I look like some one who cares?" The mysterious person walks back to the convenience store with the bag of money leaving the two crippled criminals laying in the middle of the street.


July 8

th



Watchtower 9:30 UTC


Aqualad meets with Bumblebee, Guardian, and Kid Flash. "Any hiccups?"

"Two guys broke in and stole when we believe was Kryptonite."

"Copy video from your headset and I'll have some one look at it. Did you get the information?"

Bumblebee hands the external hard drive to Aqualad. "Got all four internals on there. Took a lot longer than we thought but there was plenty of space on here to hold it."

"Good job team."

Kid Flash high fives Guardian. "Our first mission was a success! If a little boring."

"Your mission may be the most important one right now. If we can't figure out what Luthor is doing with the Reach technology it could harm not just us but the entire planet."

"We'll make sure his plans don't go on mode." Kid Flash pulls out a candy bar from one of the wrist containers. "So who is up for sleep?"

Guardian yawns. "I have a term paper to work on."

Bumblebee yawns as well. "I have work at the lab."

"Sucks to be you guys." Kid Flash finishes his candy bar before running to another room of the Watchtower.


July 8

th



Central City 12:00


Nightwing is sitting on Artemis' couch when the news comes on. "Two young men were taken to the hospital early this morning after they were both shot in the knees by an arrow. The police say the two had just robbed a convenience store when they were stopped. There are no leads as to who the person who shot them is as the pictures taken from the store security camera is blurry at best."

A picture comes up of some one in a sleek dark blue body suit with full hood. Nightwing leans in closer trying to see any identifying marks on the person but can't. "I can't even see a weapon."

"Huh?" Artemis comes out from the kitchen with two plates of food.

"Some one shot two criminals in the knee with arrows but I don't see where they'd keep a weapon on their suit."

Artemis looks at the screen. "It might be a built in wrist launcher. I thought of adding one to my Tigress costume but they weigh the arm down and can make you slower if you have to punch or block some one."

"Maybe. I'll go to the hospital and see if I can't get one of the arrows."

"You can do that after lunch." She hands him a plate.

"Thanks."

She sits down next to him. "Thanks for staying Dick."

"Don't thank me. I've been through what you're going through. I had nightmares after my parent's were killed."

"You were a lot younger than I am and they weren't heroes. I, I mean we all know, especially after what happened with Jason, that we could die. We could lose some one we love." She puts her plate on the coffee table and leans against Dick.

"It doesn't make it hurt any less." He puts an arm around her trying to comfort her.

Bludhaven


July 8th 23:24 UTC


Nightwing is sneaking in to his apartment with two arrows in his left hand. He hadn't seen a style like them before but was going to compare them to other arrows past and present.

He is about to go in to his bedroom when a light turns on. "Hello stranger."

He turns around and sees Zatanna. "Hey."

She gets up and kisses him lightly on the lips. "Where have you been all day?"

"In Central City. With Artemis."

"How is she?"

"She has nightmares."

"Spent the night there huh?"

"Yes." She gives him a knowing look. "Not like that."

"No need to lie to me. People have found comfort in each other before. Isn't that why Tim and Cassie started dating?"

Nightwing decides to change the subject. "If you're here you have information."

"Kind of." She puts a hand on his arm. "I looked for Wally but couldn't find him."

"So he isn't dead."

"No. It might mean that or it might mean some thing else. Just because I can't find his spirit doesn't mean it isn't there. The spirit world is a massive place."

"But you would have found it."

"I would hope so."

"Then it confirms my theory. Bart said Wally just disappeared. He wasn't incinerated or vaporized he just disappeared. One step he was there and the next he wasn't."

"Which doesn't mean he isn't dead. We don't know what the Reach technology is capable of." She sees the look on his face. "But I think it means he is alive. Some where."

"Thank you. I know you didn't have to help me when I asked. I could have asked Dr. Fate."

She smiles and pokes him on the nose. "You know I'd do just about any thing for you. It is almost magical how I just can't find it in me to hate you for what you did."

"If any one knew magic it would be you."

"Oh the magic we made together. But that was between Robin and I. You made magic with Barbara as Dick."

"I lived two lives. Like Batman."

"And yet you say you don't want to end up like him. You shouldn't act like him if that's really what you want."

"Some times I don't know what I want. Right now I do know what I want. I want to show you how magical I can still be." He smiles at her and winks.

"Not tonight I have League business. Maybe next week." She walks to the door and opens it. "If you aren't busy at Artemis' place." She closes the door behind her.


Watchtower



July 9

th

10:00 UTC


Batgirl takes the lead of Team Gamma. "We went through every house of Vandal Savage we could access. We know he has others under different names but so far we've found nothing."

"He may have a base hidden away."

"I know Aqualad but we couldn't find any sign of that either. What ever he is planning with War World he is keeping it close to his chest."

"Keep looking. The War World could have devastated the Earth even with all of the Justice League and Earth's nations combined. If the Reach hadn't intervened hundreds of millions could have died."

"We'll keep trying but if he didn't keep any plans on Earth what do we do? Shouldn't we be weaponizing the Watchtower? Or put weapons on the Moon hidden away to take War World by surprise?"

"The Watchtower is a peaceful part of the Justice League."

"And when Earth is destroyed I'm sure the few humans left will be thankful for that. Atlantis may be deep underwater and spared so I guess you won't worry about it."

"Atlantis is part of Earth."

"Underwater. Safe from most if not all space attacks."

"Batgirl I will not argue with you about this. I am not a member of the Justice League if you have a problem with the Watchtower bring it up with one of them. Dismissed!" The other Gamma team members flinch except for Batgirl.


Outer Space



July 9

th

13:49 UTC


Miss Martian flies the Bioship back to Earth. Her fellow Martians finally found a way to connect with the flame being.

He had been captured decades ago. His last memory was fighting and when he was released from stasis he thought he still had to fight. Once they communicated with him he calmed down and kept his flames extinguished.

"
Hey M'gann he's sleeping."
She looks over and sees Beast Boy was slumped backwards on his chair.

"
Yes, yes he is."


"
So can we talk now? You were in such a rush to go back to Mars we didn't get a chance to."


"
I guess. What, what do you think we should talk about?"


"
You know what. You hurt me in a way few others could. Being part Kryptonian I am nearly invincible. But you found a way to wound me worse than Lex Luthor ever could."


"
I'm sorry. I've told you that before."


"
Yes but you seemed sorry that you were caught not because of what you did."


"
I am sorry!"


"
I know. Now you are. After what you did to Kaldur you finally realized just how powerful and dangerous what you can do is."


"
Remember when Mister Twister attacked? What did you all say? It was ok to do it to the bad guys."


"
Reading their mind and obliterating what makes them exist are two different things. You got lucky you could fix what you did to Kaldur."


"
I know, now. I'm sorry Conner. I shouldn't have done what I did to you. I should have listened to you instead of making you forget."


"
And I accept. I still have feeling for you M'gann. If I didn't then I could have just shrugged off what you did. But my feelings for you just make me feel even more hurt."


"
If I still didn't have feelings for you I wouldn't care if you accepted my apology."


"
When we get back maybe we could go some where?"


"
Sure. I'd like that."


The two look at each other sharing a peaceful moment that was soon shattered.

"
You guys woke me up! I'm glad to hear you're gonna get back together but be quieter next time!"


"Beast Boy!" Miss Martian and Conner are horrified Beast Boy had heard any of their conversation.


Apokolips



July 9

th

16:25 UTC


Vandal Savage walks toward a small ship. "I have given you War World Darkseid. You will bring me the technology that will make the Light the only force in our half of the Universe."

"I will keep my end of the deal. With the War World the Tomorrow People will have no choice but to surrender." Darkseid starts to laugh. "I shall conquer my half of the Universe after I crush them."

"The Universe is a very large place. I'm sure splitting it in half will be more than enough between us." Both smile at each other as they both plotted ways to betray the other.


A/N As I wrote this I thought about the new Kid Flash and how he is from the future. He has to have some tech knowledge that could help the team. Like an external hard drive with terabytes of space the size of a thumb drive. Or about computers and security, maybe. Guy did build a time machine. From the brief few seconds you see it in his time it looks like he built it either alone or with help from the radiation guy.



And Tigress was supposed to be on the group with him, Guardian, and Bumblebee. Right after her long time boyfriend had died. We know consequences affect people in this world. It isn't like some shows where Episode 6 the love of his life dies and in Episode 7 he has a new girlfriend and the other girlfriend is never mentioned again. If Nightwing has to take time off then one would think she would too. So I had the "She tried but had a breakdown so took a break" in there.



As for the Mars thing it was the only thing I could think of. Why on a planet of Miss Martians and Martian Manhunters did they need these three to come help? They were weak to flames and there was an alien version of the Human Torch along with others dumped off by Vandal Savage who was immune to psychic attacks. Other than that what else could it be? This is an entire planet of people who can use the same powers as Miss Martian/Martian Manhunter. I'm sure the creators of the show could have come up with some thing better but it is what I came up with.



Also as some may know I wrote a very, very, long Teen Titans series before so I do have experience in DC Universe. I want to get members of TT and the enemies from there in to here eventually. Deathstroke is a major player so where are his various kids? Cyborg? Raven? Starfire? Or where was Gizmo or Jynx? I'll hopefully get them or/and others in here eventually!



Now I just have to ask myself do I let Justice League/Unlimited plus the movies bleed in to here? Or pick select episodes/movies from those series to influence here? Luthor is a major villain and one of the few not busted by the team and he had several major plot points in the JL series. He had several major plots in the JL/JLU show. One of my favorite is when he switched bodies with Flash and takes the mask off to learn who Flash is. "I have absolutely no idea who you are." If he had switched with Batman or Superman... Wouldn't have been as funny.



Anyways I hope any one who reads this likes it and if they have the time review! IDK when the next episode will be put up.


>