

Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. Wish I did but. :)



THANKS FOR READING: Please comment &amp; review.



"So what do you want to do for your birthday?"

Harry looked at Sirius and pondered the question at length before replying, "Something that will not end in an assassination attempt or disaster."

Nym giggled, "Awe it's your sexy seventeenth, we got to have a blast."

Cringing at the mention of the word 'blast', he turned and looked at her sharply, "Even more reason to remain indoors and away from the outside world."

"Shut in." Sirius commented, sipping his coffee while buttering up a slice of toast.

"Wotcher!" Nym exclaimed snapping her fingers, "How about you, me, Daphne and Tracy go party in Prague for your birthday, we are your future wives so it would do us good to get to know each other better away from school and family."

Harry looked at her suspiciously, "What is in Prague?"

Nym stood and twirled around the kitchen table, "Prague has an old magic quarter that has been updated to keep with the times making it this mix of new and old. We could stay at the Ritz Magic, it is one of the biggest and best magic friendly hotels in Europe."

Harry contemplated the idea, "It would be nice to just get away from all this muck that has been happening of late."

Nym jumped with joy, "For centuries, Prague has been a centre of culture, architecture and enlightenment. We could go see the museums and the churches during the day, have a rest in the afternoon like the locals do then hit the night life later on. Darling Cabaret is wicked cool for a muggle establishment."

Sirius chocked on his toast and took several heavy breaths to steady himself, "When did you go to Prague and the Darling Cabaret?"

Nym grinned, "Oh a pureblood took me on winter break in my fifth year. It was an educational experience."

"I'm sure it was." Sirius nodded causing Harry to look between the two.

"Am I missing something?"

"Always." Nym and Sirius said in unison.

"But your hyperactive betrothed has a good point." Sirius continued, "Going away will do you all a bit of good and Prague is a pretty nice place to go."

Harry nodded, "Let's do it then."


With the decision made it was only a matter of organizing the security for the trip.

Goblins were out as the Germanic Ministry of Magic forbade the creatures entry into their territory. Dwarves and elves were the main races that stood behind the scene and they did not take too kindly to armed goblins trancing about even if they were in the employ of a human.

It was ultimately reasoned, much to Mad-Eye's dismay, that smaller groups would draw less attention than a large armed escort. Harry and Nym would travel with Sere while Daphne and Tracy would be accompanied by Helga. The two groups would travel separately via long range portkey but arrive at the same time.

A contingent of local human mercenaries would be on standby should the need arise. But due to the suddenness of the travel plan it was very doubtful there would be any trouble in transit or even during the week away.

"You looking forward to this?" Harry asked Daphne as she stepped out of the Donjon visitor fireplace.

"Yeah, Tracy has not stopped yammering on about how great this is going to be, it is the first time she will be leaving Britain she hasn't even stepped across the pond to France."

Tracy appeared out of the fireplace next and ran to give Harry a bear hug. Her hefty naturally formed cleavage pressed into his chest causing him to blush. She had grown considerably since the Yule ball.

"No need to be shy fiancée-in-waiting. You get bigger melons on a farm." She whispered teasingly into his ear while squeezing his firm buttocks, "And judging by what I've been hearing you've been ploughing a new field of late."

She giggled and let him go dashing over to kiss Daphne full on the lips.

"Well…" he huffed and looked over to where Sere and Nym were watching on, "shall we make a move."

"Just waiting on Helga." Nym noted, "She is saying goodbye to Scythe."

"Saying goodbye…?" He cocked his head.

Nym winked and inserted the finger of her right hand into a circle made with her left forefinger and thumb.

"You're shitting me!" He exclaimed, "When did that happen and where was I when it did?"

Nym just shrugged and pointed to the door where Helga had just rushed in.

Her hair was mussed and the muggle clothes she had chosen to wear looked jostled as if they had been hurriedly put on. He could see a heavy bead of sweat upon her forehead as if she had just come from training.

"Sorry for being a bit tardy." Helga bowed curtly.

"Still getting used to the idea of skirts." Nym giggled, causing Helga to turn her back to Harry.

As she did so harry could see where she had tucked the material of the skirt into her panties. He moved forward and pulled the skirt free but not before copping a clear view of her shaply rear and the scent of sex that lingered about her person.

She hissed something in orcish before thanking Harry for preserving her modesty.

The assembled divided into their three person groups and took hold of a specially crafted long range portkeys that would randomly deposited them either in Frankfurt or Munich where another portkey was waiting to get them to Prague.

Harry could not stop watching Helga as she rushed about with final preparations and checks. She looked better, happier than he had seen her in weeks. And if Nym was correct and the familiar sweet scent was correct, the situation with Scythe was well and truly resolved.


A sudden lurch and the room disappeared, moments later he found himself standing in Munich's Marienplatz, a central town square containing landmarks such as the Gothic Neues Rathaus the city's Town Hall. He then looked to Nym who reached down and picked up a coin laying on the ground. She signalled for everyone to touch and Harry was subjected to another massive lurch.

"We have arrive!" Nym shouted to no one in particular before turning to Harry, "Welcome to the city of spires… and sex."

Harry groaned realising he had been tricked.

"So everything you said was a lie?" He asked softly as the other group appeared.

"No." Nym smirked, "I really wanted to go see the museums, especially the sex machine exhibition that's currently running."

"Is this like Amsterdam?" He hissed, recalling Remus's and Sirius's trip.

"No, this is way better." Nym chortled, "Amsterdam is sex and drugs, Prague is sex, sex and more sex!"

Harry looked at those assembled.

"You all knew?"

Tracy nodded, as did Daphne.

"This is my first time coming here." Sere advised, "But I am very familiar with it's history. The Germanic Ministry with its mountains and dark forests have never had the need of my services so this may be a once in a lifetime opportunity for me."

"And I guess having me along is a bonus." He posed to which everyone laughed.

>