


Thanks to CiaoFromItaly, Angeldonut, Lovesbugsalot and madders10 for reviewing. 550 reviews.



Disclaimer: I don't own Hetalia.



Chapter 110: One Year Later


"Dammit, Tomato Bastard!" Lovino shouted.

Antonio giggled, throwing the food around. Lovino glared at the year-old Spaniard.

Lovino and Rosa alternated between each other in looking after Antonio. Miguel had also alternated in the beginning, but he already had his hands full with Roberto, and Antonio seemed to have too much energy, which was why neither Lovino nor Rosa wanted to take him full time.

"Fratello," Feliciano said, walking into the kitchen, "don't swear in front of the bambino."

"I'll swear in front of whoever the hell I want," Lovino said.

It had taken a while, but Will had
finally
found a way for Feliciano to remain female while Luciano returned to being male. And the two of them had little reason to interact anymore, but since they still saw each other through the mirrors, it was a little awkward.

Like the time Luciano went to brush his teeth while Feliciano was taking a shower. Luciano was a little upset by that. Afterwards, the two worked on a schedule for dressing and showering, promising to avoid looking into mirrors during those times.

Because looking at your own body is one thing. Looking at your body that's an opposite gender is severely awkward, especially since they were two different people.

"Remember, we have to go to the meeting tomorrow," Feliciano said.

"Fantastic," Lovino muttered. "That means flying with
this
brat."

Marcello walked into the kitchen, looking with amusement at his brother.

"Glad I don't have to go along," Marcello commented.

"Says who?" Lovino challenged. "After the Copenhagen incident, these little brats aren't allowed in the meetings. So we'll need a babysitter. So guess who's going to Berlin with us."

Antonio giggled as Marcello pouted.

…

Ludwig was making preparations for the meeting the next day, his brother strapped to his chest in one of those baby slings for if you keep busy. Gilbert was fast asleep.

At first he and Lutz thought that they had switched brothers because of the eye colours, but Alistair had explained that one of the features switched colour, most commonly eye or hair colour. And it had taken them two days to establish that they had the correct brothers.

Gilen was far more subdued than Gilbert.

Ludwig ignored the strange looks from the humans. No one needed to tell him that it was strange, seeing the intimidating man with a sleeping baby. And the fact that the baby seemed to be completely unaffected if he barked orders, merely snuggling closer.

Ludwig didn't really mind Gilbert like this. At least the other had an excuse now for being lazy. And he was actually pretty used to cleaning up after Gilbert.

But whenever Roderich was around, Ludwig was more than happy to dump the baby on him for a few hours.

…

Vash was sitting on the couch, reading the paper when he felt something tugging on his pantleg. He sighed, looking down at the baby pulling himself up using the Swiss' trousers.

Vash
still
couldn't understand why they chose
him
to be Francis's babysitter, or why Francis seemed to like him so much. He just knew that he was stuck with the Frenchman for an indefinite amount of time.

Once Francis was upright, he reached out for Vash, falling down on his bottom. Vash watched blankly as Francis tried again.

"You're definitely France," Vash said, picking up the baby and placing him on his lap. "You keep looking for affection."

As though to prove his point, Francis moved forward to wrap his arms around Vash, who merely sighed.

"Aw, so cute."

Vash looked over to see Lili standing in the doorway, and he blushed when she went to get her camera.

Oh, how fun.

…

"Who's got the baby food?" Alistair asked.

"That would be me," Patrick said.

Patrick brought a tray with four bowls of baby food into the dining room. He put down the tray and placed the bowls on each of the four high chairs.

Arthur, Matthew, Fletcher and Jett were placed into the chairs, and they immediately noticed the food.

Of course, Jett immediately threw the food to the side, while Arthur dipped his hands into the food, while Fletcher seemed to be looking around for something, and Matthew waited patiently.

Seamus sighed, glaring at Jett.

"You just
have
to make things difficult for me, don't you?" Seamus muttered.

"There's an extra bowl in the kitchen," Patrick said offhandedly as he brought the spoon laden with food to Matthew's mouth, who opened obediently.

"If Mattie wasn't the sweet one, I'd take the American bastard up on his offer," Alistair said, trying to feed Arthur, who wanted nothing to do with
eating
the food.

Will lightly smacked his brother upside the head for swearing in front of the babies while he tried to get Fletcher to eat as well.

Alfred had offered to take Matthew, but the Kirkland brothers didn't really trust the American. Strangely, Alfred had made no offer to take Arthur. And since Matthew was the best-behaved one, none of the Kirkland brothers wanted to subject the Canadian to what they perceived would be torture.

And they noticed that
no one
made an offer to take Arthur or Jett. It was too bad, because those two they were willing to negotiate.

Seamus returned with the bowl, and then came the strenuous task of trying to get the Australian to eat the food.

"You think we can trade with Duncan and the others?" Alistair asked. "At least Oliver is agreeable, and at least Oliver is only
one
."

"For the hundredth time," Will sighed, "they're our responsibilities, so
we
have to take care of them."

"You know there's a meeting to go to, right?" Patrick asked.

"Can you imagine getting on a plane with
four
babies?" Alistair asked incredulously.

"Only one of us could go," Seamus pointed out.

"Or only one of us can stay with the little devils," Alistair countered.

"Alistair, that's cruel," Will said.

"So what should we do, hire a babysitter?" Alistair asked.

They paused when they heard someone knocking on the door, and Patrick ran to answer it. When he saw Jack, Sheila and Peter on the other side, he smirked.

"Come in," Patrick said.

"Why do I get the feeling we arrived at a bad time?" Sheila asked.

"Please don't tell me you want me to be babysitter
again
," Jack said in exasperation.

…

Emil sighed, taking the spoon to Lukas's mouth, who opened obediently. It was his turn to feed the baby.

"I can't wait until you feed yourself," Emil said.

Lukas stared at him for a moment, his eyes not as dull as they used to be. He opened his mouth.

"Buh- Big Bwodew."

Emil stared in surprise. Did… Did Lukas just…?

"Big Bwodew," Lukas repeated.

"Out of all the things you could choose for your first words," Emil said, "you had to pick
that
. Well, at least I know you're Lukas."

"What's going on?" Tino asked, stepping into the kitchen.

"Lukas said his first words," Emil said disinterestedly.

"Ooh, baby's first words," Tino cooed. "What were they?"

Emil looked towards Tino with an annoyed expression.

"'Big brother'."

…

Natalia watched as Katyusha tried to get a squirming Vlad to take his medicine. Out of all the times for the two babies to be sick.

Vlad was fussy, while Alexandru was easily dealt with and was sleeping. Natalia sometimes thought about offering to help her sister, but then she saw how Katyusha struggled and decided not to.

She watched as Ivan entered the room and took Vlad from Katyusha. The Romanian instantly stilled.

"You need to be a good boy and take your medicine, da?" Ivan said.

Ivan took the spoon from Katyusha, and Vlad obediently opened.

Natalia rolled her eyes. While Ivan believed that he was good with children and that they liked him, she and Katyusha knew that they were afraid of him.

…

Yao was already on a plane, on his way to Berlin for the meeting. Raj was asleep on his lap.

It was strange how often baby Raj slept on planes. While most babies didn't like flying, Raj was actually soothed by it. Yao was thankful for that, since it meant that he didn't have to deal with disgruntled passengers.

"Aw, what a cute baby," one of the women nearby cooed. "Whose is it?"

"A friend of mine's," Yao said. "He and his wife passed away, leaving me in charge of him."

"What's his name?"

"Rajesh. Raj for short."

Of course, Yao was aware of the fact that people never assumed that Raj was his baby. They were different races, after all. So Yao came up with the story of a friend who died.

Well, it wasn't far from the truth.

"How old is he?" another woman asked.

"He turned one about a week ago," Yao said.

At that moment Raj yawned, snuggling closer to Yao. All the women and Yao cooed at the sight.

…

"Broer?" Bella called out, before she opened the Dutchman's front door. "Have you packed? We need to…"

She stopped when she saw Lars, lying on the couch with Anika sprawled out on his chest. Both were asleep. Lars's one hand was dangling off the couch while the other was holding the baby protectively.

Bella smiled, taking a picture with her phone before quietly sneaking out. Germany wasn't that far away. They had plenty of time for the meeting.

…

Elizabeta cooed, watching Feliks sleep. She had volunteered to take care of him, and has never regretted it.

And she knew that the old Feliks was still in there whenever she would buy new baby clothes and he immediately took a shining to the pink clothes, while he threw a tantrum at the blue clothes.

…

Gupta sighed, watching Sadiq and Heracles fight again. He was holding Dimitri, and Cyprus was standing next to him.

There was no way for them to get Gupta's voice back, and only those that really knew him saw the difference. The ones that didn't know him so well thought he had always been quiet.

"Maybe old Ottoman territories coming to live together in order to take care of Bulgaria wasn't such a good idea," Cyprus sighed. "Hungary's the smart one."

Gupta shrugged, eyes narrowing as he watched the two fighting Nations.


It could have been worse
.

"I guess you're right," Cyprus sighed. "We could have sent him with Russia instead."

…

Eduard and Raivis were in their hotel room, eating some lunch when they heard Toris start to wail. The two sighed, playing rock-paper-scissors.

"You go," Eduard said, having won the round.

The Latvian sighed, before he went to see what was bothering the Lithuanian infant.

They were lucky that Toris still cried every time he saw Ivan, otherwise the two would have had to move in with the Russian so that 'all the former Soviet Nations could look after the babies'. Not going to happen.

…

Miguel was on a plane heading to Berlin, reading a book as he held onto the sleeping Roberto. Forging a new bond with the new Roberto was sometimes hard work, but it was rewarding, and he couldn't help but think about the Deathplayer that wanted to ruin it.

Miguel couldn't imagine life without the Brazilian, and he indeed felt like a proud father. Now he just needed to get some of his other former colonies back.

…

Luciano glared at the baby while Flavio was trying to soothe him.

"I swear, if he doesn't stop soon…" Luciano muttered.

"Remember, France took care of us, never hurting us," Flavio said. "So we can't hurt him."

"Why did you agree to that again?" Luciano asked.

"Because I was asked, and I never get asked to do anything serious. No one takes me seriously to begin with, so this opportunity…"

"I get it," Luciano interrupted. "You wanted to be taken seriously. But you do know that there are
other
ways to achieve that, right?"

"You do it your way and I'll do it mine."

Luciano sighed, but he perked up when he saw Francesco peeking his head into the room.

"I'm going out," Francesco said.

"Okay, be careful," Flavio said.

One thing Luciano was grateful for was their counterparts' efforts to help Francesco with his fear of women. While he still had his moments of shyness, he was doing better, and wasn't even afraid to go outside anymore, in case he ever encountered a woman outside.

Yes, Luciano was grateful for that.

…

Jeng Soo watched idly as Gan was trying to get Mahesh to eat his puree. After having tasted some of it himself, the North Korean didn't blame the Indian for not wanting to partake in it.

Jeng Soo had been invited to live with the Southern Asians, ever since his status as a Northern spy had been revealed. There were quite a few Northern Nations that wanted his head, and the South were just happy to have a new Nation to increase their numbers.

The Oceanic Nations were looking after Bruce and James, while the Africans were looking after Alida and Nicolai and the South Americans had Matt and Ricardo to look after.

Camille lived with the South Americans, and the Southern Asians had also opted to looking after Andrei. Gabriel and Eva stayed in Greenland as they looked after Sigurd, keeping him away from the other Nordics and also staying away from the Nordics. They would have joined the Southern Asians, but none of them wanted the Norwegian in their midst.

Jeng Soo smirked when he saw the puree thrown in the Thai's face, and Mahesh giggled as the Thai stormed away, most likely to get Hien to help.

Jeng Soo and Hyo Soo had divided their country, just like their counterparts. So now, North and South Korea were two separate countries, with North Korea falling under the Southern Sphere and South Korea under the Northern Sphere.

Yeah, sometimes it didn't make sense to them either, but they appreciated the irony.

…

"Sometimes, I really hate you," Eva said, glaring at Gabriel.

The Icelander shrugged as he tried to comfort the crying infant.

"Why couldn't we have left him with the other Nordics and be done with it?" the Greenlander asked.

"Do you want him to be the same Sigurd he was before?" Gabriel asked.

Eva glared at him, not willing to admit that he had a point.

…

Marco glared at everyone that he passed, Alejandro wrapped in a blanket and strapped to his back. He tried to ignore the fact that the baby kept pulling his hair, but every now and again he would wince at a particularly harsh tug.

"I can't wait for you to be older again," Marco muttered.

…

"Do these brats ever shut up?" Davis asked.

Kristofer sighed, looking blankly towards the Latvian, who was trying to soothe a wailing Lithuanian. The Estonian was working on a certain Pol.

"I think someone wanted to punish us," Kristofer said.

"Who?" Davis asked. "Tell me so that I can make them pay."

"I don't know, but I want to make them pay as well."

…

Reka smiled as she looked down into the crib, where the baby Marius was apparently playing with his foot.

"Don't you worry, Marius," Reka said. "In a few years, you'll be back to your old self, and everything will be the way it was before."

…

Duncan laughed as he went away from the mirror, enjoying the fact that his counterpart was having trouble with their Arthur, as well as their other charges. Perhaps it was a good thing their own former colonies didn't like them.

Duncan went towards Finn, who was cooking in the kitchen with Oliver in his high chair.

"Looks like we lucked out," Duncan said, looking at Oliver.

"The others having problems again?" Finn asked.

"You have no idea."

…

Lutz sang a lullaby to Gilen, and the Prussian was sucking his thumb as he fell asleep. One wouldn't expect it from him, but Gilen had done a lot for him when he was small, and he supposed it was time for him to return the favour.

…

Ludwig sighed, staring at the Nations gathered in front of him at the meeting. Things had changed during the last year, and there were a few empty spaces, but things were becoming more and more normal with every meeting.

Ludwig sighed when he felt Feliciano tugging on his sleeve, and he looked towards the Italian.

"What is it?" he asked.

"Ve, Columbia called," Feliciano said. "She said she has to miss the meeting because of shark week."

Ludwig flinched, before making a note. Ever since his own experience with it, he had the utmost sympathy with the female Nations, and even accepted it as a valid excuse to miss meetings. Feliciano had also tried it a few times, but Ludwig was aware of Feliciano's cycles, and Lovino was usually grumpier during those times, so Ludwig always knew when Feliciano was on her period.

"Is everyone here then?" Ludwig asked.

After receiving a few confirmations, Ludwig turned to the large mirror on the side of the meeting room, where Luciano looked back.

"We're ready on this side too," Luciano said.

Ludwig nodded. The two worlds had a truce and held meetings simultaneously, and it was still ironic that the less violent world had the most chaotic meetings.

"Then let's begin," Ludwig said. "Any news on the Deathplayers' next game?"

"Nothing yet," Ferdinand said. "They're still trying to decide which medium the game will take. I don't think they'll go with chess again."

"No, they wouldn't," Luciano agreed. "It's too predictable."

"They also won't use the same Nations again," Lobsang said. "They'd want new victims."

"But we still need to keep their old pieces safe," Alfred said. "I mean, they'd want revenge."

"I can't believe I'm saying it," Alistair said, "but I agree with the American."

"Sim," Miguel said. "Believe me, they'll try to punish them. And anyone else they think interfered with their fun. Like me."

"Then I think there's nothing else to discuss on the subject of the Deathplayers," Ludwig said. "But as usual, if anyone suspects that they might be active again, let us know. Now, let's go on with the meeting."


And, it's finished. I wanted to show the 2P babies as well in more detail, but then the chapter would have been a lot longer. But yeah, it's easier if an entire empire takes care of the babies, so not a lot of drama.



And it's finished. Longest fanfic I've ever worked on (so far). Thanks to everyone who has reviewed, followed and favorited, and I hope you enjoy my other works.


>