

"Come on!"

Julia grit her teeth and twisted on the ball of her right foot, her left leg coming up and the side of her calf hit the side of Pluto's arm. He pushed her back easily and she grinned, bare feet sliding through the gravel. She was dripping with sweat, bangs sticking to her forehead and her suit top was bunched around her waist. Her boots were set firmly beside the old swing set, where Ruby was swaying back and forth, watching the peculiar spectacle in front of her.

Julia grunted and charged at him again, pushing against the ground and she pulled both feet up, hitting him square in the chest. She flipped away from him sloppily, landing on the ground painfully but she grinned in triumph as Pluto stumbled back.

"Finally!"

She had been trying to get his feet to move for the past hour and this was the first time she had succeeded. It wasn't much, but it was enough to make her feel accomplished. Julia groaned as she pushed herself to her feet, swaying as she gained a head rush. She was caught on the elbow by Ruby, who was smiling at her crookedly. Julia pat her hand that was firm on her elbow and then looked over at Pluto. He was staring up at the sky, face blank and jaw slack on a buzzard circling them. Julia grimaced, staring at the circling bird as well, and then she sniffed her shirt.

She smelt horrible.

Her face twisted in a strange way and she looked back towards what was the matriarch's home. Lizard was scowling on the porch and Goggle was nowhere to be seen. Julia had figured he left in the middle of her and Pluto's sparring session.

If you want to call it that.

"How about we go back inside," Julia looked down at Ruby and then over to Pluto. "Thanks for that, Pluto. I haven't had that much fun in awhile."

It took him a moment, but he finally grinned at her and Julia had to fight a twinge of sickness in her gut at the sight of his teeth. It was horrible, but he couldn't help it so she ignored it for the most part. They started back towards the house, Julia trying to keep her eyes down as they passed Lizard. But it didn't work. He caught her by the elbow, Ruby not even pausing in fear of her older brother's cruel hand and Pluto…well, he was just Pluto. Julia looked down at him with a squared jaw, ready to fight if she had to. His cobalt eyes flickered around her face, his marred face making Julia feel something strange in her gut but she ignored it, fists clenched at his harsh touch.

"We fight tomorra," he stated, letting her go and standing.

Julia watched in stunned silence as he began to wander into the desert. When she finally came back from her thoughts she kicked off the porch, huffing towards him. He had gotten far in her momentary lapse of attention. She tackled him to the ground, grunting as his elbow jabbed into her side but she made sure he wouldn't get up. Her hair fell from a shaggy bun over her shoulder, hands braced flatly against his shoulder blades and she took in a few breaths, trying to catch her bearings. A beat of sweat dripped from the tip of her nose into his hair.

"What the hell are you talkin' about?"

He huffed, sand flying up around his face. "Wha' th' fuck ya think? We fightin, wanna see if ya really worth a shit."

"So what," she pushed her hair back, haphazardly tying it back into a bun before she finally scrambled off of him. He jumped up with a sour look on his face, but he wasn't attacking her so she took that as a test of good faith. "Didn' ya get enough lookin when I was messing with Pluto?"

"Plu'o didn' move," he made a valid point. "Wanna see if ya fast."

Julia stared at him for a long time, chest heaving thickly, and then she smiled at him. "Alright, I'm up for it. As long as you don't try to fuck me."

He shrugged and started out into the desert again. "Can' make any promises."


Julia stepped into the house with a tired expression on her face, her bare feet wet with sweat that was coming from under her jumpsuit. She set her boots, which she had to walk to the other end of the village for, beside a small table with brown fake flowers on it. Beside that was a pile of keys and she just avoided that. Ruby and Big Mama were in the kitchen, muttering over a pot of something and their attention went to Julia when she sat down in a chair in the corner.

Big Mama smiled and Ruby left the room, still muttering something under her breath. "Heard you knock' Pluto back," she hummed.

Julia smiled a wavy smile. "Yeah, barely though. My legs are killing me."

"Well, leas' you knocked 'im back."

Julia nodded though Big Mama wasn't focused on her and looked to the door. Val came in with a bouncing baby on her hip. The cleft lip drew Julia's attention and she jumped to her feet. Her sudden appearance made the babies face go blank. Julia had never seen a baby look so serious. Her eyes looked to Val, who had a guilty yet happy smile on her face.

"Her name is Cookie, of course I shouldn't have let Lizard name her."

"How the hell…I mean, I know where she came from, but…how?"

Val laughed at Julia's curiosity. "Let's go sit down first, my back hurts."

Julia nodded fiercely and let Val sit, Cookie in her lap, and Julia sat across from her. Val stretched her back a little, a grimace coming across her thin lips and then she sighed. "Guess it's been four months since my lil baby was born. Lizard is her daddy," Val sighed, smiling down at her child. "Believe it or not, he's so cute with her. It's really funny. And adorable."

Julia smiled. "I would love to see that."

"Well don' get yer hopes up," Big Mama chuckled, spooning some food onto a few plates that were set up on the table. "Lizar' don't let anyone see him with his baby."

Val nodded. "Mama is right, he doesn't let just anyone see him even
look
at his daughter."

Julia chuckled. "That's funny," she chewed on her lip a little. "Can I um…can I hold her?"

Val blinked and then smiled, nodding. "Yeah, here, you know how to hold her?"

Julia stood, wiping her hands on her pants. "Yes ma'am, I do. I have three younger cousins."

Val handed Cookie off to Julia, her lips twitching as she watched Julia cradle the young child to her chest, a look of calm passing over her face. Val folded her hands in her lap, listening to Julia coo to her daughter.

"Your daddy is a crazy person," Julia muttered. "He tried to kill me the day I met him."

Val chuckled and they all looked to the doorway when they heard the front door snap shut. It took a moment, but Goggle walked in, pausing when he noticed all eyes on him. "Wha'?"

All three women chuckled and Julia beamed, bouncing and swaying slightly. "I'm holding the baby, Goggle!"

He nodded, hesitating, eyes lingering on her for a moment before he hurried to Big Mama's side. Julia watched him from the corner of her eye, watching his lips move in a rapid pace against his mother's ear. What was he telling her about? He seemed horribly serious, but it wasn't like he was always happy or anything. Actually, Julia couldn't comment on his behavior because she didn't really know him. She wanted to get to know him. Was that weird? Yes, yes it was. But the gurgling baby in her arms was a pretty good distraction.

"Julia," she looked over to Big Mama as she called her name. The older bald mutant looked incredibly worried.

"Yes?"

Big Mama was wringing her hand in front of herself and Goggle was suddenly behind Julia. "Goggle is going to take you home, alright?"

Julia's brow furrowed and she tightened her arms around Cookie. "What? Why? It isn't even sun down yet."

Val stood, her worried look matching Big Mama's. "It can't be that time, can it?"

"It is, she needs to get out of here."

Julia looked between them. "I feel like I'm in a cheesey movie, what the hell is going on?"

Everyone looked over at her, Val looking exasperated, like she didn't want to be dealing with whatever was going on. Big Mama was just aggravated and worried. And Goggle was…well, Goggle. He was almost hiding behind Julia, shrugged in a corner. Julia looked back at him, a lost look on her face. She wanted to know what was going on, if everything was ok, what was happening to make everyone seem so edgy.

Big Mama sighed. "Is a family problem," she shook her head, gesturing towards Val. "Take Cookie inta you and Lizar's room. Now."

Val nodded and moved to stand in front of Julia, taking Cookie from her arms. "Sorry this had to ruin your moment," her smile was sad. "We'll do this again later, alright?"

Julia didn't have time to respond before Val was rushing out of the room. Julia's outstretched hand trembled for a moment and then she let it drop to her side, swaying for a moment. She sighed and looked over to Big Mama. "I guess this is the part where I go home?"

"No," Lizard walked into the room, brow deep in anger. "He here."

Did it suddenly get colder in here or what?

Julia took a step back. "I'm actually scared now."

"Should be," Lizard grunted, turning back to the foyer. "Papa want er'one outsi' now."

Big Mama stopped him. "Wait a minu', wha' about Julia?"

Lizard looked back at her, raising an eyebrow before he turned back to the door. "Bring 'er."

As the door clicked shut Goggle stepped to Julia's side, startling the young woman; she had forgotten he was there. "She can' go out there," he said firmly.

Big Mama shook her head. "Everyon' goin, jus keep 'er close to ya."

Julia's jaw went slightly slack as Big Mama hurried from the room; Val was right behind her, coming from behind the stair case. Julia stood still for a moment, fingers twitching at her sides, before she looked over at Goggle. He didn't look too happy either. She swallowed thickly and lifted her left hand up, placing it against his shoulder. He looked over at her, seeing her smile, and then nodded. He lead her to the door and she did as Big Mama said, keeping close to Goggle as they stepped out onto the porch. It was like a gathering of village people, like an old western. The whole little mutant family, minus Ruby and Big Brain, Julia didn't see Pluto either but she doubted he was far away.

And there, standing on the porch of the house opposite of the porch the family was on, was a rather large figure. Julia was instantly reminded of Pluto but the sick grin on his drool coated, puss shiny, lips was not one of ignorant splendor. It was just sick and twisted, ready for blood.

And he was looking at Julia dead on.

Papa Jupiter, she had met him as soon as she entered the village earlier that day, spoke first. His voice was gravely and thick, a hint of husk that gave Julia the heeby-jeebies. "Have company, Hades," he ground out painfully slow. "No business here."

Julia could feel the territorial tension in the air, the testosterone was almost breathable, and Julia moved closer to Goggle. Lizard was too far, Val not even standing close to him. She looked just as venomous. The hulking figure swayed for a moment, his tongue coming from his mouth and he licked his lips.

"Look feisty," Julia bit her tongue at the bile coming to her throat. "She claime'?"

"She is no one's ta claim, Hades," Papa Jupiter quipped. "Wha' ya want today?"

Hades' eyes flickered back to Jupiter, anger bubbling in his thick chest. "Need more grounds," he bit. "Hi' Pluto las' night, almos' chopped ma boy Letch in half."

Jupiter's steel eyes narrowed. "Big Brain."

Hades nodded slowly, watching Jupiter's slow walk towards Big Brain's home before he flicked his tongue at Julia. She watched him walk away before she hurried to the side of the porch and bent at the waist, vomiting into the sand. She felt smooth fingers pull her hair back and recognized Val's bare, scuffed, feet near her own. It took Julia a good fifteen minutes to stop vomiting, afterwards she felt tired and week. She had barfed up three days worth of food and drinks. The heat wasn't helping either. Val and Big Mama helped her into the house, to a couch in the living room, and lowered her down onto it with steady hands.

Val perched on the very edge of the couch, pushing back Julia's bangs while they waited for Big Mama to get a wet cloth. "That was Hades," Val muttered, though Julia didn't ask; she didn't want to talk about him, but Val would do it anyway. "He and his family live in the mines, the mountains. Usually only come out at night but it's there night to hunt so I guess Hades wanted to get this out of the way."

"'ere sweety," Big Mama came in, passing Val the rag. She looked down at Julia with sad eyes. "Sorry abou' that dear."

Julia listened to her shuffle out of the room while Val wiped at the corner of her mouth; it felt good to be babied for a minute. "He seems…"

"More vicious," Val shrugged. "It's cus they solely eat human flesh, at least here in the village they mix it up with some rabbit or something everyone once in awhile."

"Really," Julia muttered.

Val nodded, setting the rag to the side. "I'm gonna let you nap, you're staying here tonight alright? If you wake up before I go to sleep, I'll help you up to a room. If not, I'll set out a pillow and some blankets for you."

Julia nodded slowly, eyes closing. "Thank you Val…"

"No problem sweetheart."

>