


Update 1-17-2014: While none of the first chapter has been altered I do wish to make a note for new or returning readers. This story was written primarily with the Tera playerbase in mind, even so many of the regions, races, and events mentioned will not be familiar to everyone. The next entry is composed entirely of a very basic reference that those not versed in Tera lore may find useful.


xxxxxxx

Cold.

The lands north of Kaiator's dark steel could easily be described in that single word. A journey beginning at Zulfikar's gates would take one through valleys ravaged by mechanical occupation, looming hulks of the Argon war machine still littering the landscape. Further beyond were the plains that had once supported the churning heart of that blue menace, though in the years since the death of the Queen it had fallen into nature's grasp once more.

Nature remembered the land no more kindly than any of the war's survivors. Where once had been an invasion there was now only tundra; bleak, desolate...

And very, very cold.

In that frigid wasteland six figures trudged steadily north, their cloaked forms bent against the stinging wind. For the most part their eyes were fixed at the ground right in front of them, shoulders hunched and heads down to ward off as much of the biting chill as they could. A man at the front, however, kept his gaze high and forward. Something was out there, a fluttering haze of green that occasionally cut through the eternal white, a teasing promise of power, fame, or riches. Perhaps today would be more than a regular patrol.

"Noctenium?" One figure at the rear shouted above the wail of the tundra, his pale human features coming into view for a brief moment as a gust of the eternal winds tugged at his hood.

"This far north? Unusual, but it could be," a female Amani beside him affirmed.

"If you have a better idea of what that is," the man at the front cut in, jabbing a finger towards the green light before them, "I would love to hear it."

"We aren't exactly equipped to haul any of it back, you sure its a good idea to try and lay claim ourselves? We report its location to the Order and we'll still get a cut!"

"A cut isn't enou-" the lead man crested a small rise, his scarred features snapping from an eager grin to confusion under the eerie green glow that lighted his face. What had met his eyes was not the expected fragmented clumps of crystalline Noctenium scattered about the ground but rather something much larger. A single enormous smooth faced slab jutted upwards out of the ground only a stones throw from where he now stood. The piece was large enough that an Amani would have struggled to encircle it with their arms and it towered high above any of the explorers now crossing the rise, gawking all the way. The detail that most readily caught the eye though was in its center, the vague outline of a small humanoid form curled up within the core of the slab.

"Tha hell?"

"What...is that an Elin?"

The crystal pulsed almost imperceptibly, tiny traces of energy filtering across its emerald shaded face.

"Right size, but I'm not sure I see any ears, a child?"

"A child out here? And why would it be in-"

xxxxxxx

Far to the south the village of Tria lay slumbering within its native jungles. It was a hushed place, the population still reeled from the infestation and plagues that had scorched the land in years prior. Traces of the blight continued to contaminate the jungle even if the last mortal victim had died long before, ensuring that any progress made to revive the land was painstakingly slow. On that particular day a dank fog clung to the ground, though it was not quite dense enough to shroud the nearly clear skies far above.

"Test forty-nine B," a masculine voice whispered softly from within the dark confines of an old home on Tria's north edge, "Delayed reaction Noctenium sample infused into the last known effective vaccine," a few fingers reached forward into the feeble candlelight that illuminated an old and worn oak table, carefully drawing a metal prong across the wilted leaf of a small bush laid there, "Flora subject. Medicine will be administered and thirty seconds after injection a mana surge will follow to trigger the Noctenium," following the hands into the light came the face of a Castanic man, his pale features canting to one side before he added, "Gods be with me."

The fingers withdrew, settling upon and wrapping about a nearby syringe before they lifted it to the soggy stalk. A brief press of the plunger later and a faint glow spread throughout the stem, the cure lacing its way into the veins of the plant.

"One, two, three..."


You're distracting.



Will you please cease your inane blabbering?



I know what the procedure is, is it quite necessary for you to go repeating it? Again?



I do not wish to be paired with that man.


Genius was never understood in its time.

Just outside a voice of an entirely different disposition sounded in utter spite.

"What the hell does she know anyway," clenched teeth hissed out the words as a rasp of unsheathed steel filled the air. A human woman stomped her way through the hard packed dirt of an outdoor training ring, greatsword locking into a ready position at her side. Her features twisted into a vicious snarl as she squared off against a wooden dummy several meters away, right leg cocking back in preparation to strike.

"Not a damn thing, that's what..."

Pale blue eyes drilled into the manikin, imposing the features of another onto it. Bob cut blond hair, long pointed elven ears, over inflated breasts, a perpetual half-sneer about her narrow, upturned nose.


We regret to inform you that the Union has no need of your services...


xxxxxxx

"hmmnnn."

The girl looked down, feet flicking this way and that in playful splashes. The white ground was cold, but the red water was nice and warm. That was one problem solved, but there were still others. It was boring here, the six big things had ceased to be interesting almost immediately, as such she now had little intention to linger.

That and it was cold! Cold, cold, cold! Her little arms wrapped around her form as she spun on the spot, red splashing about as she looked around. More white, white in every direction, what a hassle! She would just have to find someplace else-

For a moment the white became blinding, its image searing into her eyes as the girl stopped in her dance to shield her face. Well that hurt! What had done that? As abruptly as it had come the blinding light receded, allowing her a look around. Within moments her gaze was drawn upwards, spotting the source.

Ah, there it was, a big shiny thing was looking at her through the clouds. It was bright and made everything else bright, bothersome.

She knew just what to do about that.

The ground trembled faintly, falling snow halting in the air as the endless wail of the tundra suddenly ceased save for one small voice.

"mmmmMMM no! Go AWAY!"

xxxxxxx

"Smug-"

The greatsword lashed out in a swing at the training dummy, and though the human was still meters away a shadow of the blade spun out to smite into the manikin.

"-top heavy-"

A second swing and a second shadow, this one slicing cleanly through the tender wood of the target. Splinters shattered into the air to the sound of a single great snap.

"-BITCH!"

The sword made a third swing, mana lacing its edge as a third and final blow was prepared. A high pitched whine shook the air, but as the arc reached its apex no shadow was cast forward. Instead both blade and wielder clattered to the ground, the latter gasping and gagging as she clutched her midriff.

Barely a heartbeat later a wave of agony overcame her. Her form twitched and arched as a faint blue smoke lifted from every inch of exposed skin. Somewhere in the dim of her pained mind logic recognized the sensation. She knew it, knew the feeling of magic energy leaving her body, but for it to occur of a will other than her own sent a second wave of revulsion wracking her frame. Teeth clenched and eyes squeezed shut to fight the surge, a guttural growl following as the woman rolled onto her back and forced her eyes to open. As her dark hair fell to the side she was greeted with the familiar sight of Balder's Eye, shining as it ever did through the wisps of cloud and the fog hanging over the jungle.

Her eyes grew wider as for a moment the rune-shrouded light shuddered, then dimmed. A ring of symbols appeared about its circumference before the top and bottom portions split, working their ways respectively down and upwards from their places at the edges of the eye.

Where one moment the Eye of Balder shone brightly now there was only twilight as two lids sealed it shut, the whole of Arborea plunging into darkness.

xxxxxxx

"There, much better!" The girl settled back to admire her handiwork. The big bright thing was nice and glowy now, one could look straight at it without even so much as squinting. That didn't even speak of the colors that now surrounded it, brilliant pinks and deep golden oranges adorned the clouds that drew near, a pleasant display compared to the blinding light from moments ago, "Much, much better!"

One more problem that she had now solved! Unfortunately, in the time spent remedying the issue of brightness, the original trouble of the cold feet had come back. The red water wasn't warm anymore; in fact it was downright frigid! The edges were getting hard, hard like the white ground, so she stepped out of the pool and started to walk. She could sense something hot and toasty to the south, a big warm mass that would make sure she was never cold again. Now to just go and find it!

xxxxxxx

A hand gripped the edge of the table before him as the Castanic male bent, his form trembling as a wave of nausea drew a gag from his gaunt frame. Beads of sweat almost immediately began their descent down his flushed skin, but there was precious little time for him to entertain the moment of weakness. Even as a bit of bile flew from his parted lips the sorcerer's disk that lay on the table nearby was reacting to the same power that had overtaken him.

The circle of exotic metal twirled, buzzed, and spun erratically, heedless of his call for it to settle. A finger of lighting lanced out from one edge, drawing a short 'eep!' from the man as he immediately ducked beneath the table.

Not a moment too soon. The disk sliced through the cloud of blue mist that had seeped out of his form moments ago, snarling angrily at him as it passed. As it struck the wooden floor the circle barely slowed, cutting a furrow as deep as its radius before it swerved back towards its master.

Once more he tried to contain the power of the disk, to reach out to it and calm the embodiment of magic, though again it was to no avail. If anything the artifact simply arched in towards his hiding spot with more fury.

Thinking as fast as his sickened and confused mind could the man leaped out from his impromptu hiding place, scrambling with uneven steps towards one of the thick support beams of the home. Wood cracked and splintered as the disk tore through the table, the air filling with shards of glass and burnt plant matter as his experiment was scattered. A few fragments found his face, biting into him as they flew past or burrowed into his skin.

Attempts to quell the device failed consistently, each tremor of magic that he afforded himself simply seemed to cause his implement to target him. Perhaps if he gave it something larger and harder to chew on it would stop? At the very least it would buy him more time to think.

Some vile siphoning effect had nearly depleted him entirely only moments before, but he still had enough power for one last trick. One pale hand reached out, slapping the support beam as he scurried past and sending an infusion of mana surging from his body into the wood. The iron bracings at its foot and head sparked in response, and as he had hoped the disk once more came buzzing his way. Instead of targeting his own form though it focused on the new and large source of magic energy, twirling in flight a single time before it slammed into the beam.

Metal screeched and oakwood groaned as the disk burrowed in, the whole beam shuddering for a few moments before it consumed the momentum of the disk and locked the circle within its confines.

The smell of wood smoke filled his nostrils as the Castanic slumped against the beam, his eyes slipping closed in the blessed silence that followed. Close, far too close. For a brief moment he entertained the idea of attempting to retrieve the disk now that it appeared to have calmed, but shoved the notion aside.

His reverie was cut short as noise rose again, this time beyond the front door. A woman's voice rang out alongside a cacophony of steel against stone, "Tarin!"

"...Islidi?"

xxxxxxx

Islidi was barely aware of the racket that the krymetal training sword made as she dragged it along behind her dashing form. Terrified cries and confused calls from the rest of the townsfolk reached her ears, though she was deaf to their pleas for now. As soon as she had found her voice she was calling for the mage, ready to either blame or consult him for what had just happened.

The door flew open before she had even arrived, the Castanic mans gaunt features coming into view framed by the darkness of the residence he had taken. Thin lines of red dotted his features, a few trickling fresh blood.

"Tarin! Did you do this?!" She jabbed a finger at the sky, feeling her own features flush hotly. To say that what had befallen the Eye was an indignity would not do the situation justice. This was a violation of the natural order, of the very essence of the Dream itself, and if the Castanic had somehow tainted Balder's gift then he would feel the same wrath as if Tarin had committed that crime against her own body.

Confusion and anger tightened his face, color darkening the sheet-like visage for a moment, "Excuse me? Miss, you may wish to rephrase, I have done nothing that would..." the last few words trailed off as his eyes turned skyward, finally noting the affliction to the Eye.

"Yes, you just happen to be handling Noctenium at the exact moment that-"

"Shush."

"What did you just say to me?" The woman advanced a pace as the Castanic man turned his gaze back into the house for a moment. His eyes snapped forward once more, looking past her towards the south as the stench of flame hit her nostrils, "...and is something burning in there?!"

"Run."

"What?"

"No, running won't do, hide."

"What are you talking about-"

"Cover, hide, quick!" Tarin snapped a hand out, clutching her by the collar and dragging her inside.

It was that moment that she felt it, a sparking tingle in her fingertips and a vague tremor through her feet from the ground. With those sensations came a dead weight in her chest, a sudden pressure that left her cold and gasping for breath as what little remained of her innate mana suddenly clenched at her essence.

Something was wrong, very, very wrong.

She knew in the deepest corners of her being that danger was about to befall them but did not know what shape it would take. Tarin felt the effects as well, or at least she could assume he did. The strength of his hold vanished in an instant, the man falling to a knee as his free arm stretched forward. She followed the line of his fingers, noting immediately the cellar door below the stairwell that was only a few meters away.

Good enough for her.

A roar spilled past Islidi's lips as she yanked the Castanic up by the scruff of his neck, barreling them both forward until they collapsed within reach of the cellar. With a final surge of adrenaline fueled strength she yanked the wooden hatch open, shoving Tarin down into the hole before she rolled in behind him. Gravity was left to handle the matter of closing the hatch, a task it performed faithfully and promptly. Two pained oof's and one faint clunk later the pair were plunged into the dank black of the cellar.

She landed half on him, rolling away due to the momentum of her drop before coming to rest sprawled out on her back. In the dark she glanced over, barely making out Tarin's form as he flopped onto his side and clutched hands about his ears. Without needing further reason as to why she followed suit.

The sound that came to them was primal, gargantuan, an explosion like a thread of the Dream itself had been snapped in two. At first there was a mighty clap, one that shattered the very air enough that Islidi's body arched once more in pain, her mouth opening in a scream of agony that would go unheard. The din became a thundering rumble a moment later, her form beginning to bounce on the cold stone of the cellar as the lands shook under the force of whatever catastrophe had created the noise. Though the beams of the house above rattled the sturdy old building did not come down, the two suffering only through the uneasy groans of the wood during the short quake.

As quickly as it had started it was over, utter silence following in the wake of the blast and quake. The woman uncurled her limbs, ears ringing as she turned her eyes upwards. A few cracks had appeared between the boards of the floor above them, faint light flickering through to illuminate the tiny speckles of dust forming a haze in the air. Without even comprehending what she was doing, Islidi was helping Tarin to his feet and shakily climbed up the ladder and back into the house proper.

Once up the woman paused, her breathing heavy as the ringing in her ears slowly subsided. Her eyes took in the wreckage of the small home, the tables overturned and the small fire beginning on the floor from a dropped candle. Still with only a vague idea of the reason behind her own actions Islidi raised a booted foot, bringing the leather down hard on the small fire and snuffing both her and the Castanic back into darkness.

A few moments passed before she realized he was speaking to her, "-need to go. West, no, east then south, have to see, have to make sure..."

"W-why south?" A few steps took her to the lopsided doorframe, one hand resting on the splintered wood as she looked out over the remainder of Tria. Other heads poked their way up from where they had sought their own cover, the sounds of a woman weeping and the screeches of a frightened baby rising into the air.

"It came from there, from Allemantheia. I...don't know whats happened, but it affected my magic, and now the city...we need to make sure."

Islidi let her eyes wander the wreckage, watching as the town guard started to disperse. Uniforms of emerald scattered to aid the survivors, Union soldiers performing their oath promised duty. A duty she had been denied. Once more the blond visage flitted through her mind, sneered words of disdain filtering into her consciousness. They didn't need her, didn't want her help, they could handle this themselves. Her lot would be thrown with whatever course she saw fit, and for now that path lay with the one of discovering what had happened.

"South it is."

>