

Well... -Buffy breathed in the smell of baklava, grape leaves, and rich blood that mixed into the salty air- it wasn't Brazil.

Suddenly she was sliding through a puddle of that blood staining the white tile as Spike scooped her up against the wall for another round of 'proving himself'. She couldn't say she minded. She'd take being fucked up a wall over lusty daydreams any day. And without a soul blocking her path to happiness, she had to admit, he was good.

He ran a hand through her luscious curls and she wondered if it was time to cut it again. She missed the edgy bob but she would miss the way Spike yanked it back more -throwing her neck out so he could take a tiny taste from a shallow gash on her smooth skin. She moaned as the adrenaline jumped in her system and pulled him closer by digging her heels of her boots sharply into his back.

These were the moments she wanted. Moments where she could feel her power thrive and her demon hum. Moments of absolute freedom.

She'd had many of these fleeting moments since leaving that Sunnydale desert. The hellmouths were closed and the demons that lived were letting their own hell loose but she didn't have to deal with it and she didn't care.

Sure, she missed being queen. It was nice to have that many people listening to her, scared of her, and it was heaven to leave her frienemies a quaking mess. But world domination seemed a bit much after the ordeal she went through. She had the power, she could do anything she wanted. Maybe not lead an army, not just yet. Her plans were much more reserved now. Practical and delicious.

Just like her blood dripping down Spike's chin. She flicked out her tongue and groaned as Spike's hips picked up the pace, bucking her against the nearest picture, sending it to the ground with a glass-shattering smash. She gasped and scraped her claws across his back, drawing blood in an instant. She could hear him groan too and she knew he came. With a lick of her lips, she did too.

They moaned and kissed as they slid back to the ground to fix their ruffled clothes and lick the evidence away. Spike felt inclined to lick more than just the blood, taking his time between her thighs until she came again.

Yup. These were the moments.

She sighed and filled another cup up with ouzo before slipping out onto the terrace and looking out over the Mediterranean sunset. Spike filled a glass of his own and stepped over the dead bodies blocking his path to get to her. He circled her from behind and she leaned into him, enjoying feel of his strong arms.

She took that moment for what it was and promptly smashed it into bits.

"I found this note in your pocket," she said as she pulled the note out from under her new black lace bra. She unfolded the paper to show him the message written in scrawling letters.


Dawn,



I have received your payment. You owe me no debt.



Do not contact me again.



Ever.


"Putting your hands where they don't belong?" Spike teased and stole it from her, pushing it into the back of his jeans.

"It's addressed to Dawn so why do you have it? What's the payment this mystery person received?"

"You ask too many questions," Spike tried to distract her with another kiss but she smashed his face against her palm and pushed him away.

"And you never answer me." He kissed her palm–another distraction but she let him do it anyway. "I know it's about the soul. Should I be worried?" He hummed in disagreement against her wrist. "You and Dawn are all I have left. You can't be lying to me. I've had enough of liars."

"We're not lying. We're just not telling."

"That makes me feel so much better."

He smirked and swept her up onto the railing, his hips already grinding into her thigh in an attempt to start round…was it four or five... five and a half? "C'mon, pet. It's done now. No need to worry your pretty head over it."

"My pretty head is going to bash yours in pretty soon."

"Feisty," he snarled and scraped his human teeth across her neck.

She couldn't help the sigh that escaped her and pulled him closer. "Nothing's going to happen to you or Dawn. Especially not because of me."

"I promise. Cross my demon heart, nothing's gonna happen to either of us."

She gave him a weak smile that he promptly scooped between his lips. "Not like more can," she murmured into his mouth. "Should we wake Dawn up? Go out for a midnight snack?"

"I'm already up," Dawn huffed from their bedroom door. "Your pounding, of what I can only hope was a new picture frame, woke me."

"Sor-" Buffy giggled as Spike bit her neck again before he left to find his shirt. She forgot where she tossed that. But, oh, those scratch marks looked yummy. A few of them were still bleeding. Well, she could save that treat for later. "Sorry, Dawnie."

"Shut up, patches."

Buffy frowned at the nickname Dawn would not let die. "How're you feeling?"

"The same."

"We'll hit up the demon bar. That warlock is supposed to be there tonight. We'll talk to him and-"

"And what? There's no point. Everyone's answer is the same."

"We'll find someone with a different answer."

"Face it. I'm stuck like this Buffy. I'm human. I'll be human till the day I die."

"You are not going to die."

The spell. It had been completed and unlike Spike, Dawn never turned around from her de-demonizing. She was a soulless human. Thumping heart and all.

The wait for her to come around from her glowy, orange, fire state was painfully long and the wait for her to turn back was even longer. For weeks they looked for a cure –scoured the spell book for a reversal. They came up with nothing. So they took to scouring the globe instead –jumping from coven to coven and lead to lead in an attempt to find someone who could help them. All while looking over their shoulder, expecting to see one of the Scoobies coming after them. They never did.

The conclusion was that magic had to be the answer. No one seemed to have one other than that. The magic was too dark and lasted too long. But there was always a way to reverse things. Always.

Buffy was hopeful, Dawn…not so much.

"I'm not good!" Dawn argued. "I can barely lift a pencil."

In their many night of hunting for the cure, Dawn had started practicing magic. It seemed to give her something to do and they needed a witch when it came time to do the spell anyway. Whether that spell be for her demon or too keep her immortal.

Buffy didn't really trust witches now.

"That's how Willow started, and look at what she became."

"Dead."

"Before that."

"I can't do it. We'd need a gypsy and-"

"No."

"How many times do I have to say it?! I don't want my soul, but we need their help. We know one. Even if she doesn't like us. I mean-"

"No gypsies. I won't argue over this again."

Buffy always won this anyway. Dawn knew it was pointless and pouted, "You two go out. I'm going to … oh who cares."

She loudly slammed the door on her way out. Teenagers.

Spike came back into the picture, pet her tense shoulders, and asked, "Should I go after her?"

"No. Let her sulk. She's right."

"You'll find a way to fix her."

Buffy had tried so many things. The last spell they tried had Dawn in a coma for a week and the time before that she lost feeling in her legs and couldn't walk –just as she had before changing. Luckily, neither spell lasted. It made her nervous to try more.

They even tried to change her. The vampire blood didn't take. Not even the Slayer blood could do it. They had to rush Dawn to an ER in order to get blood back into her body in time.

Dawn very well could die. And it made Buffy furious.

She shoved off Spike and started to pace, "All of this power and I can do nothing. I can't help her! Why did they have to hurt Dawn? Why can't they just leave us alone?!" Buffy screamed and kicked a whole into the wall closest to her. "If we don't get anything with this lead, we're going back."

"Back?

"I can't have them think they won. They broke our family with that spell. If they want what's left of their feeble little lives, they will find a way to change her back."

"Always back to Sunnydale. Alright," he downed his drink and shrugged. "Hell and back and all that."

Buffy nodded quick but spun away when she heard the small cries of the whimpering human in the corner of the room. "You're not dead yet?" Buffy had wrapped her headband around that guy's throat an hour ago. The knot must have come undone. She sighed, stomped over to him and ripped it off his body, jamming the heel of her boot towards his heart in the process –killing him almost instantly.


Tara gasped as the world started to come back into view. She was blinking up at a blue sky, not a dark one. Her chest was no longer bleeding out. She was on the ground, outside the airport, breathing quick and hurried –completely unharmed. They had just gotten back from London. They were in LA, not Greece, and on their way to Sunnydale to visit Willow's grave for the first time since her burial.

These were the facts but they came shaky -not helped by the headache that started pounding away.

"Tara?" Xander was quickly there, holding her up from the ground and checking her aching head. He looked fine. That was good.

"What happened?" Oz asked. Right, Oz was there too, holding a scarred hand over a scarred face in order to block out the light.

"She alright?" Faith was there too, pressing her good leg against the ground and leaning over her wheelchair in an attempt to get a better look.

"Buffy," Tara gasped and tried to understand the vision she had seen. It was fragmented and she couldn't really make sense of the memories. They thought Buffy was ashes, dead with the rest of them in the explosion. "She's with Spike and Dawn and…and they're coming home."



THE END


>