

The wind brushed slowly against my face. I closed my eyes, listening to the calming sound of cicadas.

"Hana!" my mother shouted up the stairs, startling me. "come downstairs, your father's here!"

Sighing, I climbed down from my perch at the window, shutting my music off on the way down the stairs. I came to a quick stop while my mother looked up at me expectantly.

"We have something to speak to you about." My mother sighed, patting the spot next to her.

I sit next to her with a plop.


Crap
. I thought to myself.
They're probably gonna talk about what happened at school...
My thoughts trailed off as I shuttered at the memory from earlier that afternoon.


FlashBack



My pace sped up quickly as I noticed the boys walking after me.



"Shit" I mumbled to myself, realizing that no one else was here to help me again..



"Hey, Hana!" one boy yelled as I groaned internally. "you still got that money we asked for?"I stood there in silence, for i was cornered near the bike racks.



"Well?" another boy pestered



"N-no." I stuttered, my voice barely over a whisper.



"Come again?" the first boy growled, walking around me, as if to inspect me. Sighing once more, I spoke up, making sure that they were able to hear me.



"No. I don't have any money." I stated.



Another boy walked up to me and grabbed me by the collar of my uniform.



"Well then it looks like we get to have fun today" He chuckled.



My eyes widened as I thought of a strategy. Sadly, the only pathetic strategy I came up with was to spit in the boys face and make a run for it. I am not a fast runner. When they caught up to me they started hitting me and threw me onto the they were done kicking me they told that I better have money at the end of Summer break.



End of Flash Back


"Well you're looking...well." My father said sarcasticly while looking at my bruises and scratches.

"Again? Hana this is the ninth time this week!" My mother scolded, a tinge of annoyance in her voice. "And it's the thirteenth time this month." She continued.

"B-but mother, you know what's happening! they come looking for
me
, it's not my fault!" I complained back.

"Alright then," my father spoke. "let me contact the school."

My eyes widen. "No!" I start "that will only make things worse! You know those boys are going to the private high school next year, so I'll just deal with it until summer's over-"

My mother spoke this time, cutting me off. "I don't think so." she said sternly. "I will not have you endure another moment of this bullying. I'm going to make arrangements with an old family friend, you'll stay with them while you're father and I work here. They're having an enourmas family gathering anyways" my other finally finished, smiling.

"That sounds great" father says."and there's supposed to have a kid there you're age anyways, so you'll be fine." He finished, smiling

"What?! Don't
I
get a say in this?!" I raised my voice. "Where exactly is this place anyways? And it doesn't matter if there's a kid 'my age', I still don't know the person regardless!"

"Hana! Calm down!" my mother reasoned with me. "To answer your questions, one, no, you obviously
don't
get a say in this. Two, the family house that you're visiting is in rural Ueda, and three, Kazuma is very nice kid." she glared at me. "Or at least he seems to be." My mother mumbled

"
HE?"
My father and I questioned.

"Yes, Kazuma is a male name after all..." my mother said matter-of-factly

I got up from my seat and walked into the kitchen, grabbing a glass from the cupboard. "Great. The only friend I have is going to be a boy." I mumble, pouring apple juice into my cup. "And since he's my age, he'll probably only care about something stupid, like sports or something!" I finished, taking a long, agressive gulp from my drink.

"Hana, don't be so judgemental." My mother started as my father walked upstairs. "he's practically a closed off kid, and he rarely comes out of his room-like you!"

I roll my eyes as my mother got up to get the phone book and the home phone. I made my way upstairs as she started to talk to a woman she had called Kiyomi. I know my mother is only trying to help, but sending me away for the whole summer? That just sounds like she's trying to get rid of me, to be honest.

I plop down at my desk and start up on my summer homework. About twenty minutes later I finish half of my homework, just in time for my stomach to growl. I go downstairs in haste, looking for food.

"Oh Hana, just in time!" My mother smiles, dishing soup out into bowls. "Dinner's ready."

"'Kay" I say bluntly as I sit down at the table. I look down at the food and tie my long, caramel hair up, to avoid gross messes.

"So Hana," My mother began sitting down at the table, along with father,"I've spoken to an old, great friend of mine, Kiyomi, and she said, because she's leaving in two days to the house, she would be more than happy to take you to the house. Sadly, her husband won't be there, but she, her son, Kazuma, and her newborn daughter, Sakura, will be there to keep you company." Mother finished by slurping her soup.

"T-two days? I only get
two days
?" I questioned.

"Yes, I know, but make sure you're packed by then and finish up your summer homework." My father chimed in.

"Whatever." I mumbled, getting up from my seat and putting the rest of my soup into the pot. "Good night." I said as I ran upstairs to my room, flinging myself onto my bed. Snuggling under the covers, I finally drifted off into a dreamless sleep.

>