

When we got to the beach, the family put down towels and unpcked umbrellas and food baskets. The younger kids instantly ran towards the water, splashing around and shooting their water guns at each other, including Sakura. The older groups and couples either sat underneath the shade, which was wise, or walking along the shoreline.

My feet stung as soon as they touched the sand. I squealed and waddled towards the grass nearby, my feet aching every step. I heard accessive laughing to my right, near the water. I snapped my eyes over to see Kazuma laughing at my actions.

I squinted my eyes at him and picked up a good amount of sand, flinging it at his legs, making him stop laughing instantly. I smirked as he looked at me with a poker face. My eyes soon widened as he ran towards me. I turned to run but was too late as he grabbed me by the waist and flung me over his shoulder, taking off towards the water. I squealed and squirmed until I was hauled into the salty, blue sea. The water engulfed me ito a cooling embrace. I shoot through the surface with a gasp for air. I wipe the remaining water out of my eyes. I looked over at Kazuma irritatingly and splash water in his direction as I made my way out of the water. I heard his laugh from behind, making a smirk form across my face.

I walked up to the umbrellas and grabbed my towel. I stripped of my huge, yellow shirt, which was plastered to my body due to the water. I untied my hair and layed the towel upon my head in hopes of drying it. I sighed plopped down next to Yumi as she grinned at me and gave me a nudge, Kazuma joining me soon after. I looked over at him, expecting him to be mad about me splashing him, only to find a very wet and shirtless Kazuma. My cheeks were highlighted in red and I looked to my right, avoiding eyecontact.

"Hey kiddo." Yumi smiled at me. "Are you up for smashing watermelons?" I looked at her and raised my eyebrow, cocking my head to the side.

"What for?" I questioned and as soon as I said that, her eyes widened.

"Oh, don't tell me you've never smashed a watermelon before, Hana?" Kazuma sighed next to me. I simply shook my head. Kazuma and Yumi stood up in sync, soundlessly. the made eye contact and nodded their heads towards eachother.

Yumi rolled the watermelon out into the sand while Kazuma grabbed my hand and lead me to the center of the beach. I looked at them with confused eyes and tried to ask a question, but was interrupted when Yumi cupped her hands around her mouth.

"Alright you guys!" She announced to the family. "Let's watch the birthday girl smash her first watermelon!" She shouted triumphetly as the Jinnouchi family began to cheer and gather around. Kazuma came up to me with a blindfold and I began to get nervous, my hands sweating.
What kind of game is this?
I thought accussingly as Nana handed me a short, wooden bat with an encouraging smile. Kazuma fastened the blindfold to my head so I couldn't see.

"Alright, the goal is to smash the watermelon without looking" He said in my ear, his hands on my shoulders. I shivered at his closeness, gulping and nodded at his words. He gave me a reassuring squeeze and directed me into a direction, which I was assuming was where the watermelon was, letting me go and stepped away.

I took a deep breath in and swung down hard. A loud
Thwack!
was heard, followed by hearty laughter.

"Give it another go, Hana!" I heard Mansaku cheer. I pursed my lips into a frown, realising that I had probably missed the watermelon. Pulling the bat up steadily, I took a step forward. I bit my lip, and once more swung down with all of my strength. I heard a pleasing
Crack!
and heard cheering. I quickly removed the cloth from my eyes, and blinked twice. Looking down, I found the watermelon split messily in half. I looked up, smiling along with everyone.

"Y'know! The way you struck that watermelon reminds me of how strong the Jinnouchi clan was, and still is, when the invaded the Ueda area!" Mansuke exclaimed excitedly. "I think the Jinnouchi clan could use a strong woman like you!" He nudged Kazuma suggestively. " Good thing she's a real cutie, Kazuma." he said, maing us blush in unison and the family burst out laughing.

We had all gathered under a pavillion and sang happy birthday to me as I blushed a furious red. The cake was a mix of chocolate and vanilla and had pink and white frosting. It was eaten almost instantly.

My mother, father and brother had all taken time to call me, wishing me a happy birthday. When my mother had called, she spent at least an hour talking to Kiyomi on my phone while I played with Sakura, Shingo and Kana in the water.

I sighed and leaned back, my hands in the sand and feet in the water, growing tired as I watched the sun set. I felt a hand embrace mine and I glance over to see Kazuma with his dry shirt on. He looked over at me and gave me his signature half smile that seemed to always melt my heart. I smiled back and leaned my head on his shoulder.

"Happy birthday, Hana." He said seriously as he gazed across the sea. I smiled and blushed a bit.
I've got to work on the blushing thing.
I thought.

"Thanks, Kazuma." I said.

"Come on lovebirds! We're going home!" Kiyomi hollared at us from the hill leading to the road.

"I'll race you" I challanged quickly to Kazuma, getting up.

"You're on." He accepted. With that, we ran, laughing the whole way. We collapsed at the top of the hill at the same time. Kiyomi shook her head, Sakura fast asleep on her back, and she turned to walk with the rest. I jumped to my feet quicly, helping Kazuma up.

"I win." He stated.

"No, I did!" I shot back, refusing to the thought of loosing.

"Fine, it was a tie. Deal?" He offered.

"Alright...deal." I agreed reluctanly. Smiling, he slipped his hand into mine and lead us towards the rest of the group.

When we got back, we ate dinner and I crashed immediately after changing, sighing at the comfort of being able to relax. My eyes started to flutter shut when I heard azuma slightly slide open the door to wish me goodnight.

"Gnight." I muttered back. He smiled and quietly shut the door. I waited until I heard his door slide shut, until I let myself relax.


Happy Birthday to me.
I thought as I drifted off with a smile on my face.



Hey lovelys! So here's chapter seven! I wanted to get the concept of Hana's birthday out of the way before I figured out what i should do for the next chapter~~ I hope you enjoyed this! Than you for reading! I love you!





xoxo- Natsumi



>