

A/N: Hi guys. So, I've been bit with the Stony big pretty hard and after voraciously consuming everything I could find, I decided to write my own. This will be mostly angst/fluff with a little bit of humor and no real action, just little snapshots of their relationship with undefinable time jumps in between chapters.

Disclaimer: Huh. I don't think I even own any Avengers stuff. This is pretty sad.

"Aw, fuck. Am I late?"

Tony studied his watch. No, he was right on time. Well, five minutes early. But Steve was in the middle of a movie. How had that happened?

"You're not late," Steve assured him. "I just remembered this part with the Silver City so I had to watch it again."

Tony settled onto the couch. If Steve was going to take an interest in some of the movies Tony insisted he watch, he wasn't going to be upset about that. As long as he still got to show Steve a new movie every Friday night

"Oh,
The Neverending Story II
." Tony wrinkled his nose. Why had he introduced Steve to that movie anyway? It was pretty dumb, not nearly as good as the first one. Although the first one wasn't without its flaws either. It was such an 80s movie.

And then the sorceress Xayide walked on screen and Tony remembered the only reason he had liked the movie. Xayide was pretty hot. Evil, but hot.

Steve shuddered and hid his face behind his hands. "Oh no, I hate this part. Bastian, not the belt. Why would you trust her?"

"Steve, seriously? We've seen this movie before. You know how it ends."

"I know. " Steve squirmed. "But I can't stand to see the poor guy embarrass himself."

Tony stared at him, openly incredulous. "Steve. We go to battle almost every day and kid movies are your one weakness. What the hell?"

Steve turned pink. He reached for the remote and clicked off the television. "Well, I've seen all I needed to," he said. "So, uh, what movie are we watching this week?"

Tony had fully planned on teasing Steve about his squeamishness the next Friday night. He had even brought a selection of Disney movies just so he could watch Steve squirm some more. But his plans changed as soon as he walked into the mansion.

Everyone was sitting in the den. His den. The one he used for nothing else but watching movies with Steve.

"What the hell are you all doing here?" Tony demanded.

Natasha held up a handful of discs. "We're watching old mission footage for debriefing purposes. And since I know you won't come to Shield HQ willingly, we all came here."

Tony groaned. "Does it have to be tonight? Fridays are date nights with Steve."

"Date night?" Clint snorted. "As far as I know, all you guys do on Friday evening is watch shitty movies. And I'm pretty sure I would know if that had changed." He arched an eyebrow at Tony.

Tony sighed. Clint was right. Damnit.

"I can clear at least two hours from my schedule tomorrow," Steve said quietly.

Tony sighed again. "This is not going to be a regular thing, okay?" Tony didn't think he could stand it more than one night.

"Fury's orders," Bruce said. "At least three tapes a week until we get through the whole pile."

Tony ground his teeth. The mission footage had all come from the Iron Man suit. What right did Fury have to force him to give up date nights to watch his own footage?

Steve put a gentle hand on his shoulder. "It won't always be on Friday," he said. "It just worked out this week that everybody was home today."

"Alright, alright," Tony grumbled. He settled onto the couch beside Steve. Well, it wasn't going to be as fun as a real movie, but at least Steve was still curled up beside him.

Natasha put in the first tape and the date April 17th flashed briefly on the screen followed by the name of the minor villain they had been fighting at the time. And then the words Rural Virginia.

Uh-oh.

Tony recognized the long row of pine trees and the farmhouse in the distance. If Steve's suddenly stiff posture was any indication, he had recognized it too.

This was the mission where Steve had been trying to have a private conversation with Clint about how he thought Tony was attractive and had accidentally left the comm setting on public. And Tony had been the idiot to interrupt the rare glimpse into Cap's private thoughts with a "You really think I'm hot?"

Steve hadn't spoken to him for two weeks after that, avoiding him in the hallways, and staying far out of his way in missions. Tony finally had to make Jarvis lock Steve into his room to actually get a chance to talk things over with him.

And now things with Steve were good. They were actually kind of dating, if cuddling up on the couch watching movies together every Friday night counted as dating. But this thing with Steve was still so new, so fragile. Tony wasn't about to let it be spoiled by watching Steve feel ashamed and self-conscious.

Tony stood. "I'm out of here," he said. "I can't stand to see the poor guy embarrass himself."

"Sit, Stark. Nobody leaves until we finish at least three tapes."

"What guy?" Clint said. "You? Wait, is this the mission where you crashed into that tree?"

"No," Tony said curtly. "That was two weeks ago. This one is from way back sometime last month."

"What a coincidence," Natasha said dryly. "The next in the pile is dated two weeks ago."

"Oh hell yes," Clint said. "We're watching that one right now." He stood up and fiddled with the television. The April 17th mission log was tossed into the Finished pile.

Steve shot Tony a proud look, a look that said Tony had just done a Very Good Thing. Tony allowed himself to bask in the warmth of that look for a moment. He didn't get to see too many of those looks, much less be on the receiving end of one. Steve's hand rested on his knee and Tony felt a surge of optimism run through him, the feeling that he could do no wrong.

Until the video started.

Tony winced as he heard his own voice loudly proclaiming, "Captain, my captain! I-whoa, what the hell is this?"

He couldn't look. He didn't want to see what stupid shit he had been up to. He settled for looking at Steve instead. Steve was watching the video through the cracks in his fingers. Good old Steve.

And now Steve was giving orders. Tony remembered that instead of listening to Steve at first, he had spouted off some truly terrible pick-up lines. And of course Steve remembered that was coming up, because he had his hands over his ears and his eyes squeezed shut.

Any moment now, they would be in the middle of battle. And then Tony would suddenly notice how glorious Steve looked kicking ass and then-

A loud thunk and cursing from Video Tony.

Yep, there was that goddamn tree.

Clint burst out laughing. "Oh my god. You were totally staring at Steve's ass."

"Was not."

"Yes. You crashed because you were staring at Steve's ass." He doubled over in a fit of laughter.

Natasha crossed her arms over her chest and rolled her eyes. "You realize we still have two more mission videos to get through, right?"

Steve smiled and patted Tony's knee. "It's okay. We can make it."

>