

A/N: Welcome to the end of the story. Yaaay...finally finished something for once. Although...I'm having urges to write more things in this storyverse. Anyone up for that? XD

Disclaimer: So, we're all aware I own nothing, right? Right.

Tony wasn't exactly upset when Clint and Natasha returned at the end of the month. Sure, that meant less time alone with Steve, but having mind-blowing sex with Steve wasn't quite as fun when there was no one he could brag to afterwards. And Bruce had made it very clear that he was putting his fist through Tony's head the next time he told him about their sex life.

Tony was smart enough not to push it. He valued his life and he valued getting to do science things with Bruce. At least Bruce was still cool about betting. Tony would never get tired of betting with him about what would make Natasha lose her composure.

He was, truth be told, a little excited to see them back. Especially Clint.

"Hey, guys," Tony greeted them at the door. "I taught Steve a new trick."

Natasha folded her arms over her chest and leveled Tony with a look that said that even though she wasn't the Hulk, she still planned on killing him if she had to hear about sex.

"It's not a sex thing," Tony said, noting the disappointment on Clint's face. "But you guys will really want to see this. Yes, both of you. Come on." He ushered them into the den.

Steve was sprawled out on the couch, snoring softly as a Mexican soap opera blared on the television.

Natasha's look of annoyance faded. "You've been teaching him Spanish? Not a bad idea, Stark."

"Yeah, sure," Tony said. "I get Steve alone for a month and all I can think to do is play Rosetta Stone. But, seriously, guys, watch this." He put his hand into the open compartment on the side of the couch and pulled out the bottle of ice cold water. Perfect. He unscrewed the cap and took a small sip, then poured the rest of the bottle directly over Steve's crotch.

Steve jerked upright and let out a string of obscenities that seemed to shock even Natasha. Tony felt elated. Bruce totally owed him twenty bucks now.

He grinned down at Steve. "Morning, darling. Sorry to wake you, but our friends have returned."

Steve sighed heavily and sank back into the cough. "Goddamnit, Tony. There are other ways, nicer ways, to get me up." He grabbed at the towel Tony held out to him and began uselessly blotting the huge wet spot on his pants.

"It looks like we got back just in time," Natasha said, her voice sounding slightly shaky.

Tony rubbed his hands together with fiendish glee. Oh, this was golden. Thank god for Jarvis or Bruce would never believe it.

"Man, you are good," Clint said in an awed voice. "It's a little scary how good."

"I told you I would make it happen."

"Oh, right." Clint fished around in his pockets and pulled out a crumpled twenty dollar bill. "Here, Tony. Totally worth it."

"What the hell is going on?" Steve demanded, looking from Tony to Clint to Natasha and back to Tony.

Clint let out a whoop of delight. "I love the new Steve," he said. "Ten thousand percent more badass."

Steve frowned. "Is someone going to explain to me what's going on?" His eyes travelled back to Clint. "Did you pay him to dump water on me?"

Clint took a step back, his hands held up in surrender. "No idea he was going to do that," he assured Steve. "We just had a bet on whether Tony really could get you to be one of the guys."

Steve's forehead creased. "What's that supposed to mean?"

"You're kind of a mouthy bitch," Tony said. "But only when no one's looking."

Steve scowled. "Fuck y-oh." His eyes widened and his face went pale. "Oh. Oh sh-I mean, oh my god." Steve clapped a hand over his mouth. After a moment of silence, Steve took a deep breath and his expression went neutral. "I apologize for my language," he said.

"No way," Tony said. "I didn't go through all that effort making you watch Quentin Tarantino movies just to see you get all bashful again because people are watching."

"You can't go back to normal," Clint said. "I can already hear you saying 'Fuck yeah, let's do this!'"

Tony eyed Steve slyly. "Won't Fury be impressed? Or maybe he'll have a heart attack. Either way, I am really looking forward to this."

Steve groaned and dropped his head back against the couch. "Tony, you're going to be the death of me."

>