


Note: I don't own RWBY, which is intellectual property of Monty Oum
Also this is my first fic, so criticism is welcome.




Intro




Teams RWBY and JNPR were sent out to kill a powerful Grimm and most were wounded in the attempt, and are recuperating at their base camp. Weiss and Ruby were the only ones capable and set off together since the beast had been severely wounded and they couldn't risk it getting away. They managed to slay it, though Weiss was poisoned by this foul Grimm.




"Weiss, come on you have to stay strong. You have to stay awake until we can meet up with the others. I know you used up a lot of Aura, but you can't let this stuff get to you. As soon as we reach the others I can get you the anti-venom and you can rest." I tried to keep my voice strong for her, I know she would need it now more than ever. Half supporting her half dragging her along, I moved us along as quickly as I could, hoping against hope I was right and the rest of Team RWBY and Team JNPR were close.

"Ruby... you know as well as I do, I wont make it there." Her voice was weak, but she was talking, she was conscious, she was still with me. But she was fading fast, I could tell. I fear she is …

No, I can't think like that, she has to make it. Weiss Schnee wouldn't just die, I won't allow it.

"I am NOT going to let you die," my voice cracked on the last word.

"We've been partner's for ten years, we've made it through thick and thin, we're best friends, and as your team leader I order you not to die on me. I wont' loose you Weiss, you're too important to me."

"You dunce... I'm not..." It was a whisper I had to strain to hear. She was barely moving now.

"Weiss, Weiss, you're not what?" I've had to stop, she can't support herself at all anymore without my help. "Weiss, wake up, you can't sleep now," I'm frantic now, she's almost unconscious, barely here with me. "You have to keep talking, you have to stay with me."

I can't keep the tears back anymore, as I pull out the last signal flare we have and fire it off, hoping someone will see, someone will come.

Just as the flare goes off, she collapses, and I with her, holding on to the most important person in my life.

My best friend since Beacon

Since we became a Huntresses.

The one and only love of my life.

I'm losing her.

And I've never told her I love her.

"Please don't die." It was a feeble plea. "I can't loose you Weiss, I love you." Slowly her eyes opened. Desperately clinging to this last hope, I let it all out. "Ever since Beacon, our first year as partners. You were so beautiful, so talented. I always just wanted you to like me. I was so happy when we became friends. Our first few weeks were rocky and strained, but you were so kind, you tried so hard to be a good teammate and a good friend. Without you I would never have made it through Beacon. You had my back through everything, you saved me so many times. And even when we weren't in danger, when we were just studying, or doing our nails or trying on clothes or talking about cute boys, and even when we had our fights, I counted every day with you precious and dear to my heart. Every day I've loved you more and more. Every day in Beacon, every day of the last six years as huntresses, I've wanted to tell you this, hoping that you would feel the same. So you can't leave me here without you, I love you too much, so please, you can't die."

"Ruby..." she breathed, reaching up to cup my face. "I know... I've always known."

"Weiss," I gasped, " why did you never say anything? If you knew how I felt, then you knew I was to scared to ever say anything to ruin our friendship. Why didn't you ask me?"

The look of sadness on her face broke my heart to see.

"Ruby... you... were my first... and truest friend. The only person... to ever be close to me. You mean more to me... then everything in the world. And because of that... you've always... deserved better than me."

"Weiss, I-I don't understand, you mean everything to me. You're the only person I've ever loved, the only person I could ever love this much." My hands are shaking, and I can barely see her through the tears.

"That's precisely... why you … deserve so much more... than me. Ruby... you are the one person... I would give up everything... to make happy. Daddy's money... the company... my family... my name... Myrtenaster... being a huntress... even my life, I … would give it all up... in a second... if I could …

return the love you have for me. I tried... so hard... so many times... I tried to love you... but I just couldn't do it... it's the only thing... I've ever truly wanted... to be able... to love you...and... I failed you. I've... never said anything... all these years... because...I can't... live with myself... for... hurting you... like this. So please... let me go... so I can... never hurt you... like this again."

"WEISSSS. Please don't go" I am shrieking now, "I don't care about that Weiss," trying to make her understand. Pleading with her.

"I can't go on without you! Please don't go. That's enough for me. Please don't leave me, please."

"I'm sorry Ruby... for everything"

I can hear an emergency airship's engines heading our way.

Through my tears, I can see she has closed her eyes again. I can't tell if she's breathing.



Author's Note:



I decided to leave it ambiguous as to what happens to Weiss in the end so you can determine for yourself if she decided to live or die for Ruby's sake.



Thanks for Reading. Again criticism and reviews are welcome.


>