


Again, I own nothing, RWBY is all Monty's.



I decided after writing the first one, that it needed some closure, and have decided to write this ending to Desperation.



Also, if you don't like heartbreak or sadness, it hasn't gone away. Discontinue reading here if that is the case for you.



A soft kiss on my lips is what woke me. Slowly opening my eyes to see her's. Perfect silver, framed by dark red. My heart hurt so much seeing the sad smile on her face.

"Ruby...?"

"Hey Weiss."

"Whe- where " she put a finger over my mouth, quietly cutting me off.

"Don't worry, you're safe now. Everything is going to be alright."

"Ruby... Ruby you shouldn't have saved me. Not after that, … not after what I did to you. You should have left me there."

"No Weiss, you know I couldn't do that, I could never let you die. Just like I know you wouldn't let me."

The tears in my eyes were too hard to hold back any longer.

"Ruby... I'm so, so sorry. I never wanted to hurt you, I couldn't have lived with myself, I still can't."

"Weiss, it's okay, just .." I cut her off.

"No Ruby, please don't. I tried so hard, all I wanted was to love you. I tried everything, I just, …

I couldn't do it. I'm so sorry."

"Weiss, stop.." My heart was aching.

"I still can't. As much as I want to, as much as it hurts, I still can't. Please, please just let me go Ruby."

"I'm sorry Weiss, but I just can't. I can never let you go. I love you too much for that." I couldn't look at her anymore. It hurt too much. I turned away.

"Ruby please, just go, after what I did..."

"Weiss,..." she turned my head back, once again silencing me with her fingers. "I forgive you. I know you love me just as much as I love you. You wouldn't have tried so hard if you didn't love me back. Whatever the reason you can't admit it, whatever is holding you back, I don't care. I will wait for you for as long as it takes. I've loved you for so long, and I've worked to hard to save you, I just... I can't give you up. So please, forgive yourself."

She didn't understand, and it hurts so much.

"Ruby, … I can't. I've tried, but ever since I was a little girl, ever since my mother died,... something inside me has been broken. I can't fix it, it won't heal. I've tried, for you, I tried so hard. I just can't do it." Clutching her close, and sobbing into her, "I'm sorry."

"Then let me help. Let me heal your broken heart and share mine with you. Let me help Weiss."

"I-I..."

Something inside my aching heart shifted. Just a little. And it hurt just a little less. Maybe I can. For her.

"I'll try."

"Thank you Weiss. Get some rest. I'll watch over you."

That sad smile was still there, as I closed my eyes, and I see a small tear trailing down. Maybe one day I can make it happier for her.

I dreamed. I dreamed of Ruby. Her smile, her laugh, how beautiful she has always been to me. How many times she has saved my life. How much I really do love her. She was right. I really do love her. I love her so much it still hurts, even in my dreams.

When I wake up, hearing the heart monitor. It's beeping strongly along with my heart. Before I've even opened my eyes I resolve to tell her she was right. I'm going to tell her that I love her. Maybe then my heart will stop aching so.

Maybe then I can stop her crying over me, like now.

"Ruby..." my voice was less than a whisper. I couldn't make it any louder. My throat sore, and raspy. Opening my eyes I try to look around hoping to find her. The room was unfamiliar. But Yang and Blake were on the side. On a small couch. Both looked tired, and pale. Yang was clutching a piece of paper to her chest, trembling, a few tears running down her face. Blake, was trying to console her, a tear rolling down her cheek as well.

I tried to call out to them, but my voice wasn't working still, and they weren't looking at me. Looking around I saw a small glass of water on a table beside my bed. Trying to reach for it, my arm felt numb.

I only succeeded at knocking it off the table. Blake turned to see me, her face a mixture of surprise, relief, and sorrow.

She patted Yang once, and got up. Retrieving the cup from the floor, she filled it at the small sink in the room.

"Here" Accepting the small glass, I sipped the water. It was slightly warm, and soothed my throat enough to speak.

"Thank you Blake." She only nodded, looking unwilling to speak. Looking around the room I couldn't see the one person I was looking for.

"Blake... where's...Ruby. I have something to tell her. I have to tell her she was right. I have to tell her I love her."

As pain flashed across Blake's face, Yang started sobbing. Stepping quickly over to her, Blake sat down next her, holding her tightly. Looking back up at me she continued.

"When we found you two, you were almost gone. We got you the anti-venom and rushed here as fast as we could. You were barely with us. The doctors did everything they could, but they said that the damage had been done. The venom had attacked your heart, and they said it would give out in a few days You needed a transplant, but there weren't any donors available. Ruby was devastated. She couldn't let you go. She said that if your heart was broken, she'd give you hers. That was four days ago, and the day after she left. She told Yang she was going to see Summer."

Ruby wasn't here. She was at her mother's grave. She shouldn't have gone. The area around there was dangerous, and with her in such a state she might get hurt.

"Why haven't you gone and gotten her. She could get hurt out there." Even Blake was crying now.

"We did Weiss. But she was in bad shape when we got there. When we got her back, she had lost a lot of blood. The doctors said she probably wasn't going to make it either. She was conscious for a little bit though. She said... she said she..."

Yang had gotten, and now she was making her way to my side, still sobbing.

Between the sobs,

"She said,... she wasn't... going... to let you... die... no matter what."

She handed me the paper she had been clutching so tightly.

Weiss,

I'm sorry for putting you through this. I'm sorry for hurting you so much, for putting so much pressure on you. I love you so much, and I can't let you die. I'll never let you die. Since I broke your heart, I'll give you mine so you can heal. I'll leave you Crescent Rose, so she can protect you. Please take care of Blake and Yang for me. Farewell my angel, I'm with you always.


Ruby Rose



Thus Lovingly I Scatter


I'm never going to get to tell her I love her.

Yang clutched at me tightly.

"She's gone Weiss."



I am still not to proud to say I cried writing this too. I'm not sure if it's just what I wanted, but it'll do.



Again, thanks for reading. I hope you enjoyed it. Leave a review or PM me to let me know what else you'd like me to write or if you have any questions you'd like answered about the story.



>