


Random Rizzles Phonecalls




Jelly Beans




Rating:
K


A/N:
This is an AU featuring 6-year-old Maura &amp; Jane during their first year at school. It's quite short and way too fluffy for its own good ;)


"Dashing through the snow
In a one horse open sleigh
O'er the fields we go
Laughing all the way
The bells on bob-tail ring
They make our spirits bright
What fun it is to ride and sing
A sleighing song tonight

Everyone! - Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way
Oh what fun it is to ride
In a one horse open sleigh
Hey! Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way
Oh what fun it is to ride in a one horse open sleigh!"


"Okay kids, school's out for Christmas-" The music teacher's next sentence ("Have a merry Christmas and a happy New Year") went almost unheard over the noise of 25 first-year students wanting to get out of the classroom as fast as possible.

Outside the school building, Jane Rizzoli was kicking snow into the air while waiting for her desk neighbor Maura, who would spend the afternoon at the Rizzoli home until her parents returned from work. After what felt like two hours to her (in reality it was just under ten minutes, but Jane Rizzoli was a very impatient little girl), she finally spotted a pair of blonde pigtails and made her way over to them. "Hey."

"Hello Jane. Is your Mom picking us up by car?"

"Yeah, she should be there soon." Jane refused to look at her classmate, instead focusing on kicking more snow into the air.

"Jane, what's wrong?"

Another kick. "Nothin'."

"Did Casey or Joey bully you again?"

"Nope." More snow flew through the air.

"Then what is it?"

"Yesterday I heard my Ma talking to my Pop on the phone. She said she's preg... preggy..."

"Pregnant?"

"Yeah, that's the one. I'm gonna have another little brother or sister." Jane finally looked at the other girl. "I don't want that. I've got Frankie already, I don't want another baby in my family."

"I don't have any brothers or sisters," Maura said half to herself, admiring the way the snow on the ground sparkled in the afternoon sun.

"Well, lucky you. Frankie annoys the hell outta me most of the time."


Their conversation was interrupted by the arrival of Angela Rizzoli's car. Once the two girls were seated and buckled up in the backseat, she drove off and looked at her daughter and Maura in the rearview mirror. "So what did you do on your last day at school?"

"Our music teacher made us sing 'Jingle Bells' together in the last period," Jane grumbled. "I almost got kicked out when I started singin' different lyrics."

"Something about jelly beans and skiing," Maura supplied helpfully. "But I didn't understand all of it since the boy on my other side was singing the correct lyrics really loud."

"Dashin' through the snow
On a pair of broken skis-"

Angela's eyebrows went up. "Come again?"

"That's the different lyrics. O'er the hills we go,
Crashin' into trees
The snow is turning red
I think I'm nearly dead
Now I am in the hospital
With stitches in my head

Eatin' jelly beans, jelly beans, jelly beans all day
Sugar level's through the roof,
They don't know what to say
Hey! Jelly beans, jelly beans,
I know I'm not okay
So I'll keep eatin' jelly beans till my releasement day!"


Deciding not to comment on this (for now), Angela pointed to the rearview mirror. "You know what that is?"

"Uhm... a mirror?"

"I think your mother's talking about the mistletoe that's hanging from the mirror."

"That's right, sweetie. D'you know what it means?"

"If a boy and a girl meet under a mistletoe, they gotta kiss each other. But Maura and I are both girls, so we don't have to kiss." Jane grinned triumphantly.

"You don't have to, but feel free to do it anyway."

"Eww, no!" Jane wiggled away from Maura as far as her seatbelt would allow, which wasn't very far. "Unless... Maura, d'you wanna kiss?"

"Well, it's tradition and supposed to bring good luck..."

Jane took a deep breath. "Fine." Wiggling back to her previous postion, she turned her head to look at her classmate. "On three? One - two - thr-"

"Awwwww!"

Pulling away from the kiss, Jane glared at the back of the driver's seat. "Really Ma?"

"Sorry. You two just looked so cute, I really wished I'd had a camera to capture the moment."

Jane simply buried her face in her hands and groaned.

END



A/N:
Happy [whatever holiday you celebrate in late December - I didn't want anyone to feel left out by just writing 'Merry Christmas']. Oh, and a happy New Year 2015 :)

>