



Story Bio: The following is Rated-M for Language, Violence, Gore, and Possible Sexual Content.





Disclaimer: I don't own Resident Evil. That belongs to Capcom and S.D. Perry.




A/N: Hello all, I've been a big fan of Resident Evil for a long time and I've been meaning to write my own for some time now. And now is my chance to do that.



This

story is based off of both the game series, and the book series by S.D. Perry. But with the addition of my Original Character (OC) to really change things up. After reading this, leave any and all reviews to let me know whether or not I should continue.



Chapter 1:



When you reach a certain point in your life, you start to wonder what your place in the world is. In our earlier years were constantly asked by our parents, teachers and friends what we want to be when we grow up. Some say a police officer, others a fire fighter, a few will even say a soldier fighting for their country.



But in the end, we're always far too young to truly grasp the importance of that question and how it can ultimately map our future.



I was asked that question more times than I can hope to grasp while growing up. Of course, with the way I grew up it was always difficult to come up with a good answer. But I guess to understand what this is and why its important is to understand a little more about who
I
am.



The name's Ethan Mercer, and my story is a bit less mundane than what many would expect.



My past has always been a mystery to me, my parents gave me up when I was a baby and I was raised in an orphanage until I was 5 where I was adopted by Jacob and Miranda Mercer. They were great parents, Miranda was barren and couldn't have children which led them to me.



They loved me the moment they first saw me, and I couldn't be happier than to finally be part of a family. Living with them had been a godsend and every moment was a blessing.



But after a couple of years, my adopted parents started to notice that I had been excelling in academics much quicker than other kids in school. My teachers bringing them into conferences saying that I was very intelligent for my age and said I should have an IQ test done.



The biggest shock came when the test was done and the results came back. As it turned out, I had an IQ score of 152 placing me in the 'Intellectually Gifted' category.



With a lot of discussion, it was agreed upon that I would be bumped up a few grades in order to be challenged academically. In the end, I walked in on my first day of highschool at the age of 10. And graduated by the time I was 13.



It was amazing to everyone in our community, my parents were very proud as were my teachers. Though with all of the good there was also the bad.



Being as young and smart as I was put a rather large target on my back for bullying. Thankfully, a lot of the assholes that came after me didn't count on my speed or my ability to outwit them with both my smarts and smaller stature.



My adopted dad was a cop, and didn't take the other kids coming after me laying down. He dealt with the parents of the bullys but also took me to the local gym to learn self-defense. I took to it like a fish to water, surpassing expectations left and right that left the instructor teaching me and my 'dad' speechless.



It turned out that it wasn't just my intellect, but also my strength that was a bit advanced for my age. I was able to bench press twice my body weight with little difficulty, and the older I got the stronger I became.



By the time I left highschool with my diploma no one wanted to mess with me. I had taken down the captain of the football team and two other jocks at the same time when they cornered me in front of the whole school.



It actually pretty great to have honest respect and knowing that I didn't have to worry about those bastards ever again.



I waited a year before attending college. It was difficult with so many different schools throwing scholarships every time I turned around. Though 'mom' agreed with me in saying that I should enjoy my life being so young before throwing myself into a higher form of education.



So after spending some time traveling with my family and seeing more of the world, I chose to go after a degree in liberal studies and decided to go to college close to home here in Atlanta. The folks were happy as long as I was, and supported my choice since I couldn't decide on a profession just yet.



Many expected me to be some kind of scientist, mathematician or even a part of a government organization with my skills. But none of that interested me, it wasn't who I was and didn't seem to settle with me which caused me to avoid such job opportunities.



Throughout college I continued my defense training, bumping up to Mixed Martial Arts and sticking with it like a hobby in between classes. I had also developed a strong knowledge of firearms curtosy of 'dad', in fact we went to the shooting range twice a week allowing me to become a rather successful marksmen.



'Mom' was a little put off about it, but she was just happy to see us bonding over something we had in common.



Time passed, and life felt good. Nothing could be better...until
that day
came. The day where everything I had known and come to understand was turned on its head and left me asking myself who I really was.



Making that question I mentioned at the beginning of all this seem obsolete entirely while taking away any kind of future I thought I would have in this life.



And it all started with a phone call.


X

It was eight o'clock in the evening when 19-year-old Ethan Mercer entered his apartment building after getting off of work half an hour prior. His 5'11'' frame resembling that of an olympic runner thanks to all the physical conditioning he had done since he was 10.

His dark-brown hair cut down with a buzz-cut thanks to the warm Georgia air since it was June and the beginning of the summer. A small plastic bag hanging from his wrist, smart-phone to his ear as he crossed the building's lobby and pushed the button for the elevator.

"Yeah I just picked it up after I got off." he said into the device looking down at the bag while waiting for the lift to arrive.


"Awesome man, you coming out with us tonight?"
asked his friend Matt on the other end of the phone.

"Nah, I'm probably going to sit in and relax. It's been a long week." Ethan replied as the doors before him opened with a soft 'ding' He stepped inside and hit his floor number causing them to slide closed again before ascending.


"Christ Ethan, you do know there's something more than just school and work out there right?"
said Matt with a scoff.
"Jessica's gonna be with us."
he went on with obvious meaning in his voice.

Ethan rolled his eyes. Jessica Tanner was a friend of Matt's girlfriend. She'd shown a lot of interest in Ethan after they had first met and made it very apparent that she wanted to date him. But he just didn't feel as strong a connection with her other than friendship.

"She's not my type, Matt." he said after a few moments.


"Dude, she's hot and AVAILABLE! What else would someone want to look for?"
he friend asked affronted.
"Not all the girls are gonna be up there in your level of smarts, Braniac. You should really consider lowering your standards."


It had been a running joke between the two of them with Ethan's high IQ. At 24, Matt was still struggling in several courses and continued coming to the younger male for help in certain classes. "Well I'm sorry I don't jump into bed with every pair of legs and tits that walk by like you use to, manwhore." Ethan said back with a smirk.

He could feel Matt roll his eyes over the phone,
"Yuck it up, Mercer. But you should really consider coming out more often. It's summer time now, classes are over, and we should PARTY MY BROTHA!"


Ethan chuckled, "What the hell, I've built up a lot of vacation time. How about we plan something for next weekend? Three straight days of just doing whatever the hell we feel like." he said as the elevator stopped on his floor and the doors slid open.


"Now that's what I'm talking about! You better be ready, cuz I can guarantee that it won't be one you'll forget!"
Matt talked with someone in the background a moment before coming back on. "
I gotta let you go man, the others are waiting on me."


"Have fun tonight, tell the others not to get too wasted." Ethan replied slipping the key into his apartment door and unlocking it. "I don't want to get a call at three in the morning because you dumbasses drank too much...again."

The other male chuckled over the phone,
"Try not to get sores on your ass from sitting on it all night."
the call ended as Ethan stepped into his apartment.

It was a decent sized one bedroom, one bath. The kitchen was right next to the front door and was separated from the living room by a high counter top. All furnished with the right amount of personal touch thrown in to make it match the one that lived there.

Heading into the kitchen, Ethan tossed the small bag and his phone on the table as he went to the fridge and took out a bottle of soda and popped it open.

After he had started college, his adopted parents had found him a place and had gotten it for him with the first and last months rent payed up along with the deposit. They both had said that it was a going away gift for when he started college as long as he got a job to cover the rent.

He was greatful, and he had found a stable job at a local gaming store right after his first week of school where he still worked now as one of the managers. The pay was good, and the people that worked under him was a good group to be around which was how he had met Matt and a few other of his friends.

Despite being the smartest in their group, Ethan had a strong love for video games. Mostly survival horror based because it allowed him to strategically find ways to bring down the enemies his characters faced.

The older teen loved challenges, puzzle or otherwise. Which made games like Silent Hill, Dead Space and Resident Evil perfect for him.

Finishing his drink and throwing the empty bottle into the nearby bin, his grey-blue eyes locked on to the bag on the table a moment before he reached in and pulled out a game box.

Resident Evil 6 had come out the day before and the store had made a killing on the first day. Thankfully with him being management he was able to reserve a copy for himself once the masses had their shot and there were a handful left.

Taking the game, he headed into the living room and flopped down on the couch. Looking over the latest addition to his game collection and reaching to open it when he heard his phone going off back in the kitchen.

Cursing silently, he tossed the game on to the coffee table and headed back into the kitchen to see who it was. It wasn't his 'parents', they went on a second honeymoon in the Caribbean two days ago and wouldn't be back for another month. So it must have been Matt calling again to try and convince him to come out again.

Picking up the phone, Ethan looked at the ID and furrowed his eyebrows when he saw it read back

Unknown Caller

. Hitting the accept button, he put the device to his ear. "Hello?" he asked wondering who it could have been.


"Is this Ethan Mercer?"
asked a rough sounding voice on the other end.

"Yes...who is this?" Ethan asked confused.


"Who I am is unimportant, but what is important is what I'm going to tell you."
said the unknown man.
"It regards your parents."


That caused the older teen to perk up, "What about them? Are they hurt? Did something happen on their trip?" he asked now very anxious and worried.


"Not your adopted parents...your real parents."
came the reply.

Ethan paused, his earlier feelings of anxiety fading quickly. "My
real
parents?" he said sounding more than a bit frustrated. "Who the fuck is this? And don't bullshit me either, I want a straight answer." he demanded.

The other end of the line was silent, not even the sound of breathing making the teen feel like the caller had hung up. That's when he spoke again.
"Let's just say that I'm a good
friend
of your parents. And someone that you would very much like to hear after everything I'm going to tell you."


"Right, like that sounds convincing enough." Ethan said shaking his head. "Look, whoever you are, I don't give a shit about anything you have to-"


"You possess a birthmark shaped like an X on the base of your neck."


Ethan felt the air freeze in his lungs, his heart nearly stopping on the spot at the same time after the man had spoken. His free hand slowly reached over and touched the spot where his neck met his shoulders, where he knew there was a dark-purple mark he'd had since birth was located.

Only a select few knew about his birthmark, just his folks and a friend or two. And none of them sounded like the one he was talking to.
"Do I have your attention now?"
the man asked sounding sure of himself.

"Who are you?" Ethan asked quietly, contemplating on whether or not to go into the bedroom and get the 9mm Beretta he kept in a gun box in his nightstand.


"As I said, a friend of your parents. Are you ready to listen to what I have to say?"
asked the caller.

Gritting his teeth, Ethan headed back to the living room with the phone to his ear as he sat on the couch again. "I'm listening." he said realizing that if he wanted to get answers to who had contacted him and why he'd have to play along for the time being.


"You already must know that you were placed in an orphanage when you were young. Most likely believing that your parents abandoned you for one reason or another. This is false. Believe it or not, your were placed there for a reason."
said the caller.

"And what reason could that be?" the teen asked heatedly. His memories of that time were sketchy at best. But he held a hidden anger for the fact whoever birthed him just left him at the orphanage for whatever reason.


"In time, you'll understand. But for now you'll just have to settle for a few packets of knowledge. Of course, someone of your intellect won't find it that difficult to piece together everything that you need."
replied the man.

"How do you know all this about me, have we met?" he asked trying to get what information that he could. His mind whirling over the ideas of who this was and how they knew about him as much as he did. 'Just gotta keep him talking until I have something concrete to find out what I need to' he thought to himself.

The caller breathed out slowly,
"We have met, but you were far to young to remember anything solid. As for how I know so much about you, I've been keeping a close eye on you throughout most of your life."
This caused the teen's back to straighten, his eyes scanning the room for any hidden cameras or devices that could have been kept in plain sight.


"But more to the point of this call. What if I told you that you had a greater purpose than you could possibly comprehend? That everything about you has a reason behind it?"


Ethan shook his head and laughed humorlessly, "I'd say that you're bat-shit crazy. 'Greater purpose'? What does that even mean?"

The caller chuckled as well, and it unsettled the younger male more than a bit.
"You'll find out soon enough, Ethan. But I assure you, once you discover the answers everything will become very clear. To sum this up, you don't belong here. You never did. And it's time to go back where you belong."


"You're not making any sense! Get to the fucking point or I'm hanging up!" the teen said having enough of the caller's cryptic words. But deep down they stirred something in him. Like a memory that had been locked away that he didn't quite understand.


"No need to get upset, my friend. Transportation has already been set up and my associate will assist you with the details."
Ethan looked down at his phone. Associate? What the hell did he mean by-

The hair on the back of his neck stood straight up, his senses now on high alert like an animal in the tall grass sensing a predator. He wasn't alone in the apartment. And his back had been to the darkened hallway the entire time he had been on the phone.

He barely had all of two seconds to realize this when he felt a painful prick on the side of his neck.

Leaping from the couch, Ethan pulled a small metal cylinder from his neck. Glaring at the one that had stuck him from behind as he prepared to fight them.

In the darkened apartment, he could make out a female shaped form half hidden in the shadows. He could barely make out her outfit which was comprised of a red shirt and skinny jeans. But his vision already started to blur when he tried to focus on their face.

"Try to relax. It'll all be over soon." said a woman's voice as he struggled to stay upright.

The cylinder in his hand fell between his now limp fingers and clattered to the floor as his senses began to dull. Joints feeling like they were tied down by lead weights, eyes drooping while whatever had been injected into him began to take full effect.

His legs gave out from under him and he landed on the floor in a heap as darkness clouded his vision and began to swallow him up. No matter how hard he struggled, he couldn't shake the inevitable of falling unconscious.

Ethan's last memory before everything completely fading out was a pair of black heeled boots approaching his downed form.

X

Looking down at the knocked out young man on the floor, the woman reached down and picked up his dropped phone that was still on. "It's me. He's out cold." she said into the device.


"Be sure to make the scene look exactly the way I described in your briefing. We don't want anyone there to think something other than an accident took place."
said the caller.

"No worries." she replied looking over her shoulder at two cans of gasoline that were against the wall. "Everything is under control." she ended the call and dropped the phone back on the floor before getting to work.

She paused when she caught sight of the game sitting on the coffee table. Picking it up and looking it over before shaking her head. "If they only knew the truth." she muttered tossing the box back down on the table.

X

Fifteen minutes later, the same woman was looking up at the apartment building where a huge fire had engulfed one of the apartments. Her still unconscious target being supported by her arms as she led him down a nearby dark alley.

When they were far enough away from prying eyes, she set Ethan's form down and pulled out a device from her pocket. It was nearly six inches long made of reinforced blue glass and shaped like two halves of a cube cut in half and stacked on top of each other.

With a flick of the wrist, the two halves became a whole cube and glowed revealing a middle-aged woman with short-cut dark hair with silver streaks in it. Her hazel colored eyes, which revealed experience and memories that were better left buried, looked into the device where an image of a man hidden in shadows could be seen within it. "It's done. Ready for extraction."


"Excellent work. I knew I could count on you to get the job done properly."
said her employer and friend.

She looked off to the side and bit her lip, "Not like there was many of us left." she looked down at the knocked out teen. "Are you sure that he's the one that can prevent all of that from happening?"

The man nodded,
"Yes. He's the key to our salvation. And when the time comes, he'll be ready to face the horrors that we were unable to. Rescuing him and sending him to that dimension was the only chance he had at survival, to grow into the man that would be able to face any challenge."


"Do you think he would have willingly left his whole life behind like this?" the woman asked hearing the sirens of police and firefighters approaching in the distance.

There was a heavy sigh from the other end of the communication,
"No, and that is why it had to be done this way. His family and friends would get closure, and he will be exactly where he is suppose to be when it all begins. I just hope that he will understand when he learns the truth about everything."


Hearing her watch beep, she looked down and saw that her time here was up. "It's almost time. Is everything in place for when he wakes up?" she asked reaching into her pocket with her other hand and pulling out a metal sphere the size of a golf ball and placing it into Ethan's hand. Closing his fingers around it tight so that it wouldn't roll away.


"Yes, everything he will need to get started is already prepped and waiting. You should get ready for your own jump soon."
came the reply.

Looking at his sleeping face, the woman stoked his shaved head and smiled sadly. "Good luck kid. Though, considering who your parents are, you won't be needing it."

The device in his hand began to let out a soft humming noise, it's surface glowing bright blue before it released a dome of energy that encompassed the teen's body completely. There was a bright flash that lasted a couple of seconds before dying down.

Where the teen had been laying was now completely empty, nothing out of place.

Letting out a sigh of relief, the woman turned to the cube in her hand. "Guess the rest is up to him now, huh?"

The man nodded,
"Indeed. Return home Ada, we still have a lot of work to do."
The woman in red nodded before pulling out another device similar to the one she put on Ethan and activated it. Soon she was engulfed in the same kind of light and vanished from the alley.

No one the wiser regarding what had transpired.

X



("It is a mistake to look too far ahead. Only one link of the chain of destiny can be handled at a time." - Winston Churchill)



The first thing Ethan realized when he started to come to was his head feeling two sizes too big. Like a hangover that lasted a whole weekend and into the week.

Blinking his eyes open, his vision swam for a few moments before a white ceiling was revealed above him. An old fan slowly rotated over his head as he groaned, "What the hell...happened?" he said rubbing his forehead as the dregs of whatever had affected him slowly faded.

Rolling on to his side, Ethan looked around and saw that he was inside an old hotel room. His mind slowly began to come back into focus, memories flashing across his minds eye about the events leading up to when he was knocked out.

Anger filling his being, the teen stood up from the bed. Stumbling a bit as the feeling returned to his legs as he searched around the small room for his attacker.

The room was spartan. Just a bed, closet, a small table with two chairs, a tv on top of a small dresser and an attached bathroom. Nothing out of the ordinary, and after checking the closet and the bathroom there was no one else other than him in it.

"This doesn't make sense." he muttered moving the curtains from the window and looked out to see a lush forest surrounding the ground level hotel he woke up in. "Where the hell am I? How did I get here?"

Turning back to the room, Ethan found something sitting in the center of the small table. It resembled a six inch triangular prism made of bluish-glass. Reaching out to pick it up, he began looking it over in his hand while his mind began to turn while wondering what it was. That was when a soft chiming sound came from it startling him out of his thoughts. The sudden jerk of his hand causing the top-half of the prism to fall forward and make a perfect cube.

The device glowed in his palm as an image of a man hidden in shadows appeared.
"Hello Ethan, it's good to see you awake after such a long trip."
said a familiar voice.

Ethan's blood boiled, "WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU DO TO ME!" he roared.


"It is as I said in our last discussion, I brought you back to where you are suppose to be. I can understand that you are very confused and very angry at your current situation-"


"YOU'RE GODDAMN RIGHT I'M ANGRY! NO SCRATCH THAT, I'M DOWN RIGHT FUCKING PISSED!" the teen raged on. "You had no right to drug me and kidnap me to god knows where! You better have a damn good reason for all this and pray that I don't find you, because if I do I'm gonna snap your fucking neck!"

The unknown man didn't so much as flinch from the outburst, when he spoke his voice was just as calm and collective as it had been since they first started speaking.
"Calm yourself, Ethan. Every question you have will be answered in time, but for now you need to know about where you are and what is happening around you. Under the bed where you woke up is a briefcase, take it out and open it."


Stuffing his anger down and taking a deep breath, Ethan set the 'cube' on the table. Keeping it within his peripheral vision as he headed over to the bed and knelt down to the floor. Reaching underneath, he managed to grasp a small handle and pulled out a thin black briefcase.

Giving it a once over, the teen brought it over to the table and set it next to the communication device. Sitting down in the chair as he clicked the locks on it open and raised the top.

Inside was a manila folder and flat package with a slip of paper and a set of car keys sitting on top of them.


"The slip of paper has an address on it with directions. The keys go to a truck parked right outside your room. You'll be needing both to reach your next destination. Do not open the folder or package until you reach the destination."
the man instructed.

"Next destination? What the hell makes you think I'm going to just follow your instructions after you dragged me out to the middle of nowhere?" Ethan asked heatedly.


"Because the answers that you are looking for are at where the directions lead. And I must warn you that the things you will encounter will seem unreal and very shocking, but I assure you that it is as real as you and I. I will contact you when you arrive."
the 'cube' dimmed and it flipped open again like before.

Glaring down at the device, Ethan looked back into the briefcase and took out the paper and keys. Setting them both on the table, closing his eyes as he began to think about his situation more carefully.

At present, he was in an unknown location as a result of a mystery man who had apparently been keeping tabs on him for a long time. The same man was also forcing him to follow his orders if he wanted any answers to how and why this had happened to him. He had no way of contacting his friends and family, and his wallet and ID was left back at his apartment.

His options were limited, and it seemed that the only way for him to have any kind of understanding to all of this is to play the caller's game and follow his instructions until he could make a good enough plan to get out of whatever this was.

Opening his eyes, Ethan looked down at the items before him before coming up with a decision.

Tossing the communication device into the briefcase and closing it. He picked it up along with the directions and keys as he stood up and quietly left the hotel room. Looking at the handful of cars parked out front, taking out the small remote on the key ring and pressing the 'unlock' button.

The headlights on a dark-blue '97 Chevy Silverado three spaces away flickered on as the doors unlocked, drawing his attention for a moment before heading toward it. Jumping in the driver's seat and slipping the key into the ignition while taking a deep breath.

'This had better not bite me harder in the ass than it already has.' he thought bitterly as he turned the key and started the truck up. Reading the directions given to him briefly before backing out of the space and pulling out of the hotel parking lot and heading North.

Trees rushed past as he did the speed limit, the forest unyielding as he kept his eyes focused on the road ahead. All the while coming to grips with the sudden turn of events that had led to this situation.

A part of him was a bit scared. He'd been taken completely by surprise and now he had no idea where he was or how to get ahold of his family and friends. Were they worried about him? Were they looking for him? Ethan shook his head to ward away the thoughts, keeping his head clear. Hands gripping the steering wheel as resolve strengthened.

A half an hour passed before the never ending forest finally broke to a wide open field. Up ahead, a large city towered in the distance causing the teen to slow down slightly. Picking up the paper with the directions, he saw that he was suppose to go that way.

Shrugging, Ethan pushed down on the accelerator and started going a little faster. 'Maybe I can get ahold of the police and find a way home.' he thought as he saw a large green sign approaching on the right side of the road.

When it came within a certain distance that he could read it, he gaped widely before slamming on the breaks. The Silverado's tires squealed loudly, black marks burning into the road as he slid to a stop right infront of the large green sign.

With the engine still running, the stunned teen stepped out of the truck and looked up at the words displayed before him. Rubbing his eyes and shaking his head while trying to wonder if he was dreaming or even under the influence of whatever he was injected with before.

Blinking hard, Ethan looked up at the sign again and saw that the words hadn't changed. "No...fucking way." he said under his breath still not believing it. But the sign that marked the city ahead read as clear as day;


'Welcome to Raccoon City: Home of Umbrella'



A/N: What do think? Worth it? Not Worth it? Let me know and I'll continue.


>