


This is a mass effect and metro 2033 series crossover, the first so I hope that everyone enjoys the first chapter. I would love some constructive criticism as well as ideas and things you as readers would want to see in this story such as characters, places and any other ideas you have. So without further ado, enjoy the opening of Mass Effect: A Beautiful Kind Of Hell


Captain Tenala walked through the halls of her ship, the
Discovery,
she was happy as they were finally nearing their goal the other side of relay link. A few weeks before their long journey the councils program to discover more garden worlds and resource rich systems had gone to the relay they had launched from and examined its signals and the group of salarain and Asari scientists had discovered the relay linked to another prime relay. The committee for expansion and exploration had gotten permission from the council to dispatch an exploration craft to reach the prime relay, the council was hasn't about the proposal but the dwindling amount of resources and viable colony planets was shrinking and as the golden age for the council races continued they need more room so the councilors reluctantly with caution gave them permission to search the prime relay out. The committee then contacted Tenala, she had a reputation for being one of the best captains in the exploration field and had discovered many new resource rich planets and naturally her and her crew jumped at the chance to discover an entire new relay system and go beyond what most other people would ever go. The
Discovery
had left the embrace of the citadel full of supplies and now after six months of FTL flight they had finally arrived in the unknown system.

Tenala stepped on to the bridge of her ship and walked onto the command pedestal in the middle of the COC. She put her hands on the railing and leaned forward as the crew worked, her xo approached her, a Turian named Trexo. She looked at the black skinned turian the red facial markings were quite striking, and he wore what appeared to be the turian version of a smile.

"Captain, we are ready to drop from FTL" the helmsmen said "we are at the edge of the system"

"Understood Savan" Tenala said smiling "Me'ana, get me a visual please"

"Aye, aye captain" the Asari crew member said as she pulled up the main display as the ship dropped out of FTL at the edge of the newly discovered system. Tenala looked at the sea of unfamiliar stars, she swelled with pride for her crew had done it again and they now set on the edge of a new system. The Asari captain looked down at her xo, a beaming smile on her face.

"Trexo, let's see what this system has for us" Tenala said as she looked back at the visual display "Savan, get our navigation systems primed for the new system, Fenris get us some course ready, Me'ana let's see about finding our route home"

The crew let out an eye captain and the officers set about with their tasks, directing their teams to get working and in a few minutes the discovery roared to life as Savan set out towards the first planet class body in the system. Meanwhile the display changed as Trexo brought up the display of the system map that had been made using the ships long range scanners. Tenala examined the map with the eye of an investigator; she was looking for any sort of anomalies that would give her any clue as to where she starts her initial exploration.

"Trexo, care to brief me?" she asked crossing her arms with her eyes locked on the map.

Trexo chuckled for a second before he spoke up "Of course skipper" he said as he used the display controls to highlight the different features of the system "the system is a single star based system, it's of middle age and the sun is stable. It has eight celestial bodies that fall into the planet category with the largest being a gas giant on the far side of the systems asteroid belt that divides the system in half. The inner four planets are all terrain planets and initial scans reveal that three are sitting in the support zone, with one being in the prime zone for supporting life. The outer planets are all gas giants with moons that can qualify as small dwarf planets, until we scan them using the resource scanner we won't be able to tell if we found a gold mine or not"

"Well, we can do that on a return trip with more ships" Tenala said happily "and we are definitely returning to the system I can promise you that"

"Good, the crew found it so we deserve to explore it" Trexo said as the discovery soared through the void, Tenala looked at the map more.

"Any sign of advanced life?" she asked Trexo her curiosity evident in her voice.

"Well, hard evidence we don't have since we will need to examine the garden world to find out" Trexo said "but I think there is some evidence to indicate the possibility" he high light the third planet from the systems sun "The garden world has high levels of radiation which could mean that the planet is rich with radioactive resources, it has little atmosphere and has been irradiated from exposure or that its inhabitants destroyed themselves"

"That is worth looking into, after we arrive at the first planet then I want a course laid in for the garden world and let's see what we have" Tenala said, she pulled out her Omni tool and start to go over the reports and inventory lists for her ship, they were running low on supplies and needed to get back to the citadel. Spending a long time here wouldn't be possible and they couldn't spare anyone on a surface excursion as the council had to authorize it and they had not yet given them approval for ground operations. The Asari captain started to plan how she would be able to ensure the crew got their due and was the ship that explored the newly found garden world, she had a plan and hoped that the committee would approve of it and grant her the right of exploration on the planet. She was in thought as her ship dropped out from FTL at the first planet, she looked out the upper view port at the massive ball of blue gasses, and it was beautiful with its shades of blue and thin wisps of white.

"We have arrived at the first planet in the system" Savan said happily over the intercom. Tenala knew that all of her crew that was off duty or not on the bridge had crowded the viewports to get a look at their discovery. She stared at the planet with a sense of awe, this was why she loved being an explorer, and the galaxy was a beautiful place and around every corner was something new, strange, and beautiful. She finally snapped out of her gaze and set about giving the crew their marching orders, she keyed the ship wide intercom channel.

"Crew, this is your captain speaking" Tenala said with pride "we have discovered a new system; once again we have pushed the limits of our known galaxy and braved the void. I am proud of every single one of you for your hard work and dedication" she paused "our work is not yet done here, we have supplies for a few weeks more so we don't have much time. We found a garden planet in this system which as we have right of discovery I have decided to name Sol, in honor of our engineer Eve vas Discovery's late mother. Once we are done at Sol-3 we will headed back to the citadel for some well-deserved shore leave, refit refuel and come back with more ships and people to fully explore the system" the crew clapped a bit "oh, and first rounds on me" with the captains words the crew erupted in cheers and their leader just chuckled as the crew of the Discovery set about with the necessary tasks to reach Sol-3.

Kirill woke with a start from the bed in the stalker outpost on the surface, he was covered in cold sweat and breathing heavy as his nightmares plagued him again. He slowly get his breathing under control and sat up while swinging his legs over the side of the bed, his feet touched the cold ground and he put his head in hands. He took a few deep breaths before shaking his head and standing up he rolled his shoulders, the six scars on his back rippled as he stretched his back out. The young man grabbed his telnyashka, a white and blue stripped tank top, and pulled it on over his head. He turned on the light in the small outpost; it had been made a few years ago by the stalker group in Tretyakovskaya station, also known as Venice. They had built it inside what was once a meat freezer inside a warehouse, it had been quite the endeavor to install the air filter but once it was complete in a day they had a functioning safe haven. The next step was to make an airlock which they achieved by building a room up and then using an old door from the warehouse to make a small airlock. From there the stalkers had set about putting furniture in and water supplies, rain catchers with filters provided the outpost with water while an old generator had been rigged up to use the roof mounted windmill to power the small home.

Kirill was reaping the benefits of this particular outpost currently as he walked over to the sink and filled it with water. He splashed some on his face, it was cold but fresh and clean. He looked at himself in the dusty mirror, it had a few cracks in it but he was able to examine his self. His long hair was wiry and wet from his nightmare, and water rolled down his thin face. His high cheek bones and sharp jaw had light stubble on them while his strong chin had a bit thicker hair on it along with his mustache giving him a goatee but with his cheeks having stubble. His cross necklace hung off his moderate neck and got the light, the dog tags that his father had given him as child clinked against the silver cross and each other. He pushed himself off the sink, the muscle in his arms rippled under his skin thought the definition in his right arm was harder to see from the full sleeve tattoo he had. The tattoo he got while in Treatra, the last major old world culture center in the metro. It was good work, black and gray colors making a mural that covered his arm and depicted the seven deadly sins each in the visage of a woman, all of them beautiful but at the same terrible. He looked eyes with himself, which were his most striking feature or if one believed the Reich, mutation. His left eye was a green, not dark or light somewhere in the middle while his right was a bright blue.

"Tak, Tak, Tak" he said aloud thinking to himself "you can't even go one night with good sleep dorogoy" he stepped back from the sink and went over to the bed and sat down. He grabbed his boots and pulled them on his feet. The Russian man got dressed; he pulled on a black long sleeve shirt, his leather jacket and grabbed his belt that had his gear on it. He looked around the outpost for a second as he grabbed his survival pack and threw it on his back, next came a large back that had all the stuff he had scavenged from the area. He had grabbed some more books as always and some medical equipment, which the clinic was always in great need for. He also had grabbed some oddities for some of the citizens of Venice, a clock for Inga, an old slide projector and he even managed to find a few boxes of slides for it, and he made sure to grab some toys for the children. Some of the kids called him Santa as he always brought back toys for them if he could. He went to the door of the airlock and looked back at the outpost, the rusty bed frame with an old mattress on it, the yellowing sink, cracked mirror the makeshift stove and the wardrobe that was useful for gear storage.

"Well until next time" he said to no one but himself, the outpost was like a second home to him. He quickly checked his revolver that sat in the leather holster on his hip, the weapon was loaded and clean. He grabbed his small carbine, a heavily modified lowlife pistol, and opened the door to the air lock. He closed the heavy door behind him and took his last breath of fresh air for a while. He grabbed his gas mask from the cabinet on the wall and pulled it over his face. He pulled it on tight and gave the filter a check before setting his watches timer for an hour, the time before his next filter change. He scowled as he grabbed the handle to the outer door and swung it open into the warehouse. The young Russian man pushed the heavy door closed behind him and heard the filter getting to work as it cleaned the airlocks air out. He shouldered his carbine and set off in the darkness of the ruined warehouse, he clung to the side. He looked up at the night sky through the massive holes in the tin roof; the sky was clear tonight and the starts shown bright with hope. He moved quietly along the abandoned shelves of boxes, his eyes watching all the time for threats. He heard the roar of watchmen off the distance like the howl of a wolf; he stopped for a second as the pack answered back.

"Ah Suki, not close" he said to himself and he started off again walking carefully out into the open. He ran over to a tree and pinned himself to it in the shadows, he took a moment and looked around the landscape around him. The once proud city of Moscow was now a ruin, the buildings were falling apart, destroyed cars littered the landscape that was covered in snow currently as it was winter in Russia and god had seen fit to blanket the city in white. It was beautiful and yet sad at the same time as nature was taking her land back from humanity while the ruins rose out of the ground, tributes to humanities great achievements, but also as monuments to their greed and hate. The snow glittered in the moon light; its white color seemed to return some sort of purity to the world. The many buildings that stood in disarray had many types of new plants that had come from the mutations of the radiation covering them, vines covered in bright red, blue and yellow colors climbed the walls and spires of the ruined city as if reaching for heaven. The patches of clear, blue ice reflected the night sky in its vast star speckled sea of black. The structures of mankind ever reaching for them, off in the distance stood Saint Basils Cathedral, its tall, towering spires were now home to the demons that hunted the wasteland of Moscow. One of the four legged; almost wolf like creatures was soaring around it in the distance on its large black wings. Its call echoed through the city from the distance, the world that lay before Kirill was old and yet new, dangerous and mysterious and beautiful, a beautiful kind of hell. Those thoughts however didn't grace Kirill's mind currently, he was more focused on his survival.

Kirill's ears and eyes were hard at work, he could hear watchmen in the distance to the south of him, thankfully the entrance to the tunnels he wanted was north thankfully and he didn't hear the telltale sound of demons wings and he stood up, he couldn't see any threats currently moving in the area in front of him. He took a few steps down the slope from the entrance of the warehouse, his boots crunching on the snow and small bellows of steam coming from the filter of his gas mask with every breath. He heard a strange sound and looked up to see the last thing he expected to see.

Tenala stood in the cockpit of her ship next to the helmsmen, a turian named Savan. The discovery soared closer to the blue planet in the distance, the gracefully Asari craft with its long sweeping wings and smooth lines glided past the planets single moon. Trexo stood nearby and looked up at the moon as they flew past, he couldn't see any evidence that it had ever been touched which meant that the any life on the planet had yet to reach the moon and colonize it. The ship began to orbit the moon, the top of the ship oriented towards the ground as they did a visual pass over Sol-3's moon.

"I don't see any evidence that it was ever colonized" Tenala said as she watched the grey surface zoom by in the overhead view port.

"Scans reveal that there are no structures on the surface of the moon" Trexo said optimistically, his hopes high for their mission as pored over reports about Sol-3, it had an atmosphere which left two of the three hypotheses that he had developed. The
Discovery
completed its orbit and shoot forward towards the planet, its land masses in its bright blue oceans were beautiful. Tenala watched happily as the ship moved closer, she placed a hand on Savan's shoulder.

"Take us in slow" the captain said as the helmsman slowed the ship and it drifted gently towards the planet "Trexo what do scans show?"

"Well, there is life down there but judging from the lack of light build up on the dark side of the planet then I seriously doubt that its intelligent" the turian XO said "we have located some major radiation pockets which is evident of element Zero, and some other very valuable resources, I say let's start with those to see what we can find"

"I agree, we will move from the dark side to the light side of the planet" Tenala said with pride as she patted Savan's shoulder "let's move Savan, I want you to impress me"

The
discovery
roared to life and moved down into the planet's atmosphere over a massive expanse of land towards the top of a planet. Tenala watched through the view port as the discovery broke cloud cover and soared above the planet's surface. Savan was in awe as he looked at the ground covered in white, and off in the distance raised a city. As they drew closer they could see that it was a ruin, decrypted buildings falling apart, no lights, nothing to indicate life on the surface below.

Tenala was speechless as she looked at the ruins below them, she ran back to the main display of the ships COC. She worked the controls and brought up the display, most of the crew had abandoned their stations and had gathered around the screen, they were all discussing the discovery of a lifetime. Trexo walked up to Tenala, his gaze was in awe.

"I was hoping to find a gold mine but this…" Tenala said her voice shaky with astonishment at their discovery "this was something beyond what I could have hoped for" the Asari was beaming with a wide smile on her face as the ship stopped and hovered in place over a large open square in the ruins of what was surly once a great city but now was an equally amazing ruin. The main under mounted camera scanned the area, the darkness made it hard to make out shapes of things but they could see shapes and outlines.

"Get the lights on" one of the crew said eager to get a better view of the landscape below and the massive spotlights beamed to life and began to scan the ground following the cameras view. The light revealed even more, the remains of primitive vehicles, the ruined buildings; some of the local wildlife looked up as the light hit them and ran off. The crew watched as the ship moved over the ground scanning the area the entire time it was recording the main camera. Tenala watched the screen closely with bated breath waiting for anything, something extraordinary to show itself or happen.

Kirill looked up to see a strange sight and his eyes nearly bugged out of his head at what he saw. A large ship of some kind, white in color was hovering over the square. It had long sweeping wings that drew into another point at the bow, the stern was a long sweeping tail it looked elegant and beautiful. Kirill sprang into action, his feet moving as fast as he could as he half sprint half stumbled up the embankment and dove into the small cut in the ground and pinned himself against the wall of dirt making sure to stay in the shadow of the tree.

"Damn it, blin" he said his mind overwhelmed with what he was seeing. He had managed to get a control of himself and took a deep breath before he quickly formed a plan and set himself into action. He checked where the ship was quickly with a fast turkey peak, the white craft was still holding its position over the square. He ducked down and got as low as he could and used his elbows, knees and feet to low crawl over the snow covered ground. He took it slow, rolling his shoulders to move his elbows forward just how Simon had taught him. He low crawled through the ditch, making sure to keep in the shadow so whatever the thing was in the sky wouldn't see him and do god knows what. The entire time the ship just hovered above him like some sort of predatory insect searching for it's pray. He inched forward on his belly until he was able to slide into the drain pipe and not a moment too soon as massive spotlights sprang to life and began to search the area. He was breathing fast but his mind was calm and he came up with a plan and he slowly moved along the pipe keeping low to the ground, he came to an opening in the top of the pipe and he peaked out to see the ship still there with the lights moving around one passed over him fast. He ducked back as soon as the light hit him and he took a quick breath. He quickly moved across the gap and continued to move, he heard the same strange sound again and the ship moved towards the south at a slow rate while Kirill moved north slowly and staying low, in cover. He finally came to the other side of the square and looked back at the ship as it continued to move south, some demons had taken interest in the strange craft and were circling around it. Kirill pulled himself out of the drain pipe and climbed up behind a dumpster and watched the white craft as it moved gracefully across the sky.

"Svyatoye der'mo" He said aloud shocked as he watch the ship move across the "I can't believe what my eyes are seeing right now" the young man watched the ship until he heard a sound behind him and whipped around to see two watchmen slink up towards him he raised his carbine. The watchmen stopped and raised their spines and got low to the ground, the dark fur on their back standing on end as they glared at Kirill.

"Legkiye druz'ya" he said a bit startled but hopeful that the mutants would leave him be and that he wouldn't have to put them down. As the man backed up slowly the watch men growled at him before the one on the left roared before jumping. Kirill acted quickly as he snapped the carbine up and delivered two quick shoots, the suppressor on the end of the gun keep the shoots silent as the two rounds hit the watchmen in the head and the mutants dropped to the ground, Kirill sighed and didn't see the third one that leapt out from the shadows and tackled Kirill to the ground. He yelled out in shock and rage as the beast pinned him to the ground, it roared in his face and he pushed its head back with one hand while the other drew his knife and plunged it to the hilt in the creature's neck. It roared in pain as it shuddered and fell off Kirill. The Russian stood up and pulled the knife from the creatures neck and whipped the blood on creatures fur, he picked up his gun and sheathed his knife. He dropped to a knee and placed a hand in the dead watchmen's head and closed its eyes.

"Ya proshu proshcheniya friend" he said standing "it was you or me"

The Russian looked back out in the square, he didn't see the ship anymore and he walked on in the darkness. The entrance to the tunnel he need wasn't far now, he just had to cross the swamp. He came to the edge of the wetland and grumbled as he started to walk along the logs that had been laid out to act as a bridge. He kept his balance and his weapon up as he jogged across the logs and came out by the old wreaked gas station; he jumped out on to the solid ground. He grunted as he staggered and almost hit a wall. He caught himself and pushed off the wall and started the last leg of his journey, a short but dangerous walk to the entrance down into Venice. He stalked slowly forward; he could hear the sounds of the various creatures that populated the swamp moving about in the blackness. He could see the small brick building that held the entrance to the underground city; he looked around and took off at a run. He sprinted up the hill and when he came to the steep part and he grabbed the ladder that was there. He quickly scaled it hand over hand, he heard the sound of heavy wings. The same demon that had been there three days ago when he had left was still stalking around. The creature was watching with its sharp eyes over its hunting ground and roared when it spotted the human climbing the ladder below.

Kirill heard the roar of the flying monster and climbed even faster. He got to the top of ladder finally and not a moment too soon jumped into the building as the demon smashed into the ground behind him, it roared at the human in anger that its meal had evaded it. Kirill whipped around and aimed his carbine at it, he fired a few shoots and the demon shrunk back in pain as the three rounds hit the creature in the side. It back up and let out a series of roars and growls in pain and fear, its calls were empty of the anger and pride that the species was famous for. Kirill stepped at it aggressively while yelling, the demon back up more and Kirill took another step he yelled at it again. The creature flapped its leathery wings and took off to go back to its nest to lick its wounds and its pride. Kirill smiled happy he didn't have to kill it, he could tell by its size and lack of understanding how to come after humans that it was a young one.

"That's right, you run you monster!" he yelled after with as much aggression as he could muster. He chuckled as he walked over to the large grate. He grabbed the handle and grunted as he pulled the heavy cover of the ladder well. The trapdoor groaned as it stopped itself from moving back. Kirill looked around once before he grabbed the ladder and climbed into the hole, he made sure to grab the rope on the door and pull it shut over his head. The ladder well was dark as he climbed the hundred feet or so down. He finally reached the bottom and stepped into the room, it was just a small service room and he removed his gas mask and dropped the hood of his jacket and took a deep breath of fresh air. He smiled as he walked towards the security checkpoint that had been set up in the old warehouse. He saw two of the local guards at the post; one was behind the mounted gun while the other had his arms crossed and was leaning up against the checkpoints doorway. They heard him coming and the man in the door looked at him, he stepped out of the door way as Kirill walked up to him.

"Zvat' Kirill how as the surface this time?" the guard asked as the stalked stopped on the other side of the door and sat down in the chair.

"It was as usual, dangerous, terrible and beautiful at the same time" Kirill said sitting down on a soft chair "ah, that's better" he dropped his heavy bag by his feet "so what is going on Dimity?"

"not much priyatel, my youngest, Sasha" he said as he lit a cigarette and held the case out to Kirill who took one "she turns eight in two days and I have nothing to get her, I feel terrible but I can't afford to get her anything after we bought that goat off the Hanza traders last week"

"Yeah, they ask for good money but the goat will pay for itself with the milk. Keep half and sell the other half" the other guard, Mikael said "if she likes the goat tells her that it was her present"

"Ty shutish?" Dimity said "I can't do that, it's cheap and she's my little girl what am I supposed to do? Her brother got his first gun for his birthday I can't just give her a goat"

Kirill opened up his bag of scavenged goods and opened it up he dug around until he found what he was looking for. He pulled it out and thankfully it was intact, he handed the small box to Dimity.

"Take it" Kirill said and the guardsmen took it hesitantly. He opened it and the sound of music filled the room, a small ballerina figurine spun in the center of the box and inside was a necklace. Dimity looked up at Kirill his face was alight.

"Are you sure Kirill?" he asked "you could get a lot for this when the traders come back"

"I'm sure" the stalker said as he stood up and put a hand on the man's shoulder "making your daughter is worth more than a few bullets"

"You are a good man Kirill, if you ever need anything and I mean anything don't be afraid to ask me" Dimity said as Kirill lit his cigarette and leaned against the wall crossing his right foot over his left and his arms.

"I'll hold you to that" he said chuckling. Dimity laughed and Mikael shook his head where he sat behind the gun.

"So anything happen on the surface?" Dimity asked the echo of his laugh still on his voice "you know besides the usual"

"You mean besides nearly getting my face ripped off by mutants?" Kirill asked as he took a drag on his cigarette "well a demon is flying around the swamp again"

"Blin, another one?" Dimity said aggravated "damn things make it hard to go up to the surface and keep the ferry powered"

"Why did have to be demons?" Mikael asked "I mean why god couldn't have sent angels instead"

Kirill looked at the man with a raised eyebrow "You mean like what? A Woman with wings?"

"Yeah, an angel you debil" Mikael said "a beautiful woman with long flowing hair"

"Ah, great body to" Kirill said laughing "I would guess these angels would be naked or barley clothed at all"

"Oh naturally" Dimity said as he put his hands in his pockets "and let's not forget some big tits" dimity said as he held his hands near his chest gesturing as if there were two soccer balls on his chest causing the three men to laugh.

"If they existed then I wouldn't be here I would be on the surface" Kirill said as he grabbed his bag "and I would put a handle on my bag"

"Why would you do that?" Mikael asked him with a questioning edge to his voice.

"Why, don't you see bro?" Kirill said chuckling "I would make it as easy as possible for the buxom flying angels to grab me and take me to their nests" causing the others to laugh.

"I like that idea" Mikael said with a smile on his face, the amusement and glee shown with his eyes.

"You would have to keep your mask on for two reasons, one so you don't choke and die the other so the angel wouldn't choke and die" Dimity said as he tried to keep his composure but he burst with laughter at his own and the room was fully of laughter again. The sound died down and dimity regained his composure before asking Kirill "So besides that, anything else"

"Yeah, you won't believe me but it happened" Kirill said with amazement in his voice as he started to tell them about the ship that had been hovering over the square.

Tenala walked through the halls of the ship; she was bursting with excitement at their discovery. She entered her quarters on the top deck, she sighed happily at the events of the past few days. Her crew had done well at Sol-3 and now they were headed to the relay. Soon they would be back at the citadel with their findings and soon she hoped they would be back to Sol-3 to explore the planet much more toughly, they had covered other areas of the land mass they had found the massive ruin at but had to leave before they could explore more. She hoped that they could return and maybe discover about the fate of the planets inhabitants and what they were like. She was already trying to think of people who to bring, she would need archeologists, techs, and a bit of muscle for the wildlife but nothing major. She sighed as she sat down at her chair and began to write up her report to show the council and convince them that this was worth looking into and digging deeper into the system. The door to the room opened and Trexo walked up to her, they had covered other areas of the land mass they had found the massive ruin at but had to leave before they could explore more. The local creatures were getting to curious and had caused some problem for the ship so Tenala reluctantly ordered the
Discovery
to set course for the relay. The turian looked down at her, the Asari glanced up at him her face was full of pride.

"We finally did it Trexo" Tenala said her voice was joyful "We found something worth finding"

"Yes, we did" he said prideful as he sat down in a chair across from her "I know you already have a scheme to get us the right to exploration"

Tenala laughed "of course I have, you know me to well Trexo"

"Comes with being your friend for this long, I knew the moment that we saw the ruins we are returning" he chuckled "any ideas on who to bring with us?"

"Well, the team will need to have a leader" Tenala said as looked her XO in the eye "I want you to take charge of that"

"So I go down there and you watch me from above?" Trexo asked looking amused.

"Not alone, I'll let you decided on who you want to take as security" Tenala said "the locals were a bit curious and I don't want to lose any one to wildlife"

"Agreed" Trexo said in a matter-of-fact tone "we should bring some techs, as well and if we want to discover some of the people's history we will need an archeologist. The best we can find"

"You get to work on the techs, I know a very accomplished archeologist" Tenala said "I meet her at a conference on protheaons; she's the best I know. She can pick up the smallest details but its unfortunately lead her to strange theories on the protheon she has the evidence but only she sees it that way" The older Asari thought for a second "and I'm pretty sure that she would jump at this chance"

"what's her name?" Trexo asked inquisitively as he looked over a roster he had started.

"T'soni, Liara T'soni"

>