


Welcome back, everyone! I hope you didn't wait too long for this :)



Just a short warning, this chapter is a bit heavy. Some of the topics and situations that are covered and described aren't exactly...nice. I'm not going to go into detail about what these things are since it'll spoil the chapter, but I just wanted to give you all a heads up.



With that said...I hope you enjoy!



Chapter 12: Fanatical Devotion




Not even a minute after Naru, Ayako, and Takigawa had laid Mai down on a small couch in an adjoining lounge room to the Base, Kenshin had burst in and immediately went about checking over the unconscious girl.

The other members of the paranormal team had also followed the three into the room so they could check on the formerly missing high schooler.

At first, Kenshin insisted that they take Mai to a hospital to have her looked over. Ayako quickly protested the idea, stating that they needed to monitor her in case the spirit had done anything and that she had already examined Mai while showing the detective her identification as a licensed doctor. In the end, they came to a compromise. Once Mai awoke, Kenshin would call the paramedics to have Mai assessed for his own piece of mind while also ensuring that he had her checkup on file for their records.

Once this had been settled, Kenshin grabbed the radio on his hip and contacted the officers on the property, updating them on the situation and directing them to search the grounds once more for the possible kidnapper.

"You do know they won't find anything, right?" Inquired Takigawa.

"I wasn't expecting them to." Kenshin countered with a smirk. "But I have to seem as though we're doing
something.
Ghosts aren't exactly an acceptable suspect in the court of law." The detective explained while walking to the conference table and sitting down.

The comment made quite a few of the SPR members think back to the case where they were reunited with Mai. If what the detective said was true, how exactly had the police officially explained the deaths at the warehouse? It appeared to them that the police, or at least the ones Mai knew personally, were aware of the paranormal.

It made them wonder what else they could be hiding from the public.

The rest of the gang also re-entered the base and took a seat at the table, minus Lin who was off to the side by the monitors going over the EVP session that Takigawa and Masako did earlier that day.

Before any new conversations could pop up, Naru got straight to business. "Takigawa, John, tell me what happened before we arrived."

"Well..." John began their story.



Barreling around the corner, John and Takigawa came to a sudden stop when they finally caught sight of their missing friend.


"
Mai?" John cautiously asked.



The brunette skipped one more step away from them, humming a tune, before pivoting on her right foot to face the pair and falling silent. The first thing they noticed was the small, innocent smile that adorned her face. The second, and more pressing matter, was the fairly large blood stain that covered her upper thigh.


"
Shit." Takigawa cursed under his breath. Who knows how long that cut had been there? Knowing Mai's luck from past cases, it was probably infected too.


"
Can you help me?" Mai asked, head tilted and curiosity replacing the smile.


"
Who are you?" The blond monk questioned.



Ignoring the monk, the young girl continued to question the duo. "I'm lost, can you help?" She raised her right arm with her palm up in a silent request for them to come to her. "Please?"



The men grew wary of the lack of response to their questions and what Mai's actions were implying.



Both men began pulling out their personal exorcism tools while Mai watched silently, if not curiously. Though she never moved from her previous position, the moment Mai's eyes glanced over John, her once innocent expression seemed to falter. It only happened for a second but both John and Takigawa caught it. A silent conversation passed between the two until they seemed to come to an agreement.



Stepping forward, John placed his bible back into his pocket but kept a tight grip on his holy water. "I'd like to help you. Can you tell me your name?"


"
I'm lost, can you help me find my home?" Mai asked.



With her attention now focused on John, Takigawa slowly eased his way around the priest and to his left along the hallway's wall.



Taking another step towards the possessed girl, John watched for any signs of movement from Mai. "Yes, I can help. Where's your home?"


"
Far. I…I can't even see the way anymore." Mai explained in a sad voice, her face contorting into a look of heartbreak.



John was now about three feet away from Mai with Takigawa to his left and slightly behind him. Mai's hand was still outstretched and waiting. John could only guess as to what would happen to him if he dared grasp it.



Another step and he was within reaching distance of her hand. "I'm sure we can find it." He responded with lifting his own hand towards hers.



It was at this moment that Takigawa acted.



Springing forward, prayer beads in hand, the monk attempted to grab her in order to bind the spirit. Unfortunately, Mai quickly moved away from both men and sprinted down the hall.


"
Try and box her in!" Takigawa shouted as he raced after her.



John took off in the opposite direction, towards the stairs, to make sure she didn't escape to a different floor. A few minutes later, John rounded a corner and nearly slammed right into Takigawa.


"
What the- where'd she go?! I was right behind her!"


"
No one came past me." The priest huffed out in confusion. Both men began looking around for any signs of where she may have gone. Turning back to face Takigawa, John was instead met with the angry face of Mai.


"
TA-ah!"



Mai grabbed him by the throat and slammed him against the wall, holding him there, cutting off his oxygen supply. With one hand occupied trying to remove the deceptively strong girl's crushing grip, John used the other to pop the lid to his still tightly held holy water and splash Mai in the face, causing her to screech and drop him.



He crumbled to the ground in a coughing heap and managed to look up just in time to see Takigawa rush over to the still distracted Mai and impale his Vajra into the hallway's floor.


"
Om Kirikiri Bazara Bajiri Hora Mandamanda Un Hattaa!"



Mai stiffened before she too collapsed to the floor. The hallway grew eerily quiet as the two men waited to see if anything else would happen but, after a few minutes with no activity, they decided they could let down their guard a little.



Unclipping the radio from his belt, Takigawa pressed the button to begin speaking. "Naru, we need Ayako and Masako."



"Then you guys showed up and, well, you know the rest." The monk finished with a shrug.

"
Again
with the humming," Ayako muttered in frustration while looking over John's neck for signs of trauma.

"Were you able to catch what the tune was?" Naru asked. He was getting tired of hearing about this humming but not having anyone remember what it was.

Takigawa could already tell his answer wasn't going to please his boss. "No, sorry."

"John?"

"Well, actually…" his answer drew everyone's full attention since they weren't expecting his answer to be any different from Takigawa's. "It sounded almost, familiar. It was simple and I didn't quite catch the beginning but the last bit sounded a bit like…" Here, he produced two quick notes. The first relatively normal pitched and the second a key higher.

The entire group wracked their brains for anything that could fit that description but, with such a small sampling, it was nearly impossible to narrow down.

Kenshin thought back on everything that he knew, wanting to help solve this case as soon as possible. It was then that a small, seemingly insignificant memory surfaced in his mind.

"Hm hm hm-hm. Hm hm hm-hm."

"That's it!" John proclaimed and turned to stare at the detective along with everyone else.

"Out of all the possible songs, you figured it out from that little bit John said?" Takigawa asked in slight disbelief.

"No, I actually recognized it from yesterday." This caused curious and puzzled looks to grace the faces of the paranormal investigation team. "Mai, on our way back to our rooms, she was humming that."

"I Feel Pretty." Was the sudden response from Naru.

The room instantly grew silent as everyone incredulously wondered if they really had just heard those words come from their anti-social and generally grouchy boss's lips.

"Did he just..?" Ayako asked disbelievingly.

"Uh…Naru?" Takigawa hesitantly called out.

Naru glared at all of them, catching onto what they were thinking. "The
song,
" he practically growled in annoyance, "that's what it's called, "I Feel Pretty." It's a well-known English song from a musical."

Takigawa and Ayako recoiled in the face of Naru's irritation while John, Masako, Lin, and Kenshin wisely decided to remain silent.

Seeing that his employees had been suitably silenced, Naru opened the laptop in front of him and began researching the new information. After a few quick searches, he found what he needed. "It was originally a book from the 1950's that was then made into a Broadway show in 1957 and later a movie in 1961. The song was sung by the female lead character, Maria."

"So, to summarize, the resort's being haunted by a little boy who's obsessed with an old song and likes to use a ruse to kidnap adults." Was Ayako's deadpan response.

"Wow, seems like I've missed out on quite a bit."

Those not facing the Base's door quickly spun around to see the smiling visage of none other than their bespectacled researcher.

"Well, look who finally decided to join us." The blonde monk teased.

"My love, if you missed me that much always know that I'm but a phone call away," Yasu answered in an overly seductive voice, winking at the monk.

Takigawa cringed and sunk further into his seat. "I take that back. Go back to the library and never return."

Most of the group chuckled at this while Naru pinched the bridge of his nose and closed his eyes in frustration. "Yasu, you better have something for me if you're here."

The college student instantly mellowed out hearing Naru's tone. "I do actually, but…how's Mai?" The last part was asked with a fair amount of concern lacing the words. Mai and Yasu had always gotten along rather well and it probably didn't help that he was unable to take part in searching for the girl, being stuck in the library as he had been.

"She's fine, just sleeping in the next room over," John replied with a kind smile.

Yasu's attention instantly switched to the young brunette that, through the doorway, he could see sleeping peacefully on a couch. The tension that had remained with him through this whole case so far finally ebbed away and a small sigh of relief escaped him. "Thank God…"

No one commented on his reaction considering they all had felt the same once they'd finally retrieved Mai.

Composing himself, Yasu placed the folders he was carrying onto the conference table. "After a less than productive stint in the library, I went around the town to see what I could gather from the locals. It was a good decision on my part," He explained while extracting a single sheet of paper from a folder, "I found a witness."

This piqued everyone's interest, especially Naru and Kenshin's.

"You actually got someone to talk to you?" The detective asked, impressed with the young researcher.

"It wasn't easy, believe me," he sighed while pushing up his glasses and grabbing one of the folders, "but a little legal knowledge and guilt tripping can go a long way.

Kenshin raised a single black brow at the response but remained silent and waited for Yasu to continue.

"They've asked to remain anonymous and, quite honestly, I can't say I blame them." The young college student stated in a subdued tone while opening the folder in his hand. This only made those gathered in the base even more curious about the information.

"This area of Hinohara has always been a bit isolated from the other towns around it, hence the lack of up-to-date technology and electronic records." Yasu began in a matter-of-fact tone. "This isolation also means that traditions are held in high regard by those living here, especially religion."

John and Takigawa exchanged glances, already having an idea where this may be going and, judging by the narrowing of Naru's eyes, he did as well.

"I'm sure you all noticed the church in the middle of the town when we arrived." He stated while looking at the group before him, seeing them nod their heads. "Unlike most of Japan, in this town, Christianity is the major religion while the Buddhist and Shinto religions are the minority. From what I could gather, a missionary had visited this area before the world wars began. Even during the height of Christian persecution, citizens of this town still practiced and held services in secret. Once World War II had ended and Christianity became more widely accepted, the town had the church erected."

Flipping to the next sheet in his folder, Yasu continued. "Now that you have a bit of background, here's where the real story begins."

Many of the members at the table leaned in closer, though they were all equally curious as to what the anonymous witness had told him.

"According to the witness," he began while pushing up his glasses, "during the early 1960's, there was a family that used to live here. A mother, father, and their son."

Naru rested his chin atop his interlaced fingers, which hovered over his now closed laptop, and listened intently. They had been working blind on this case so far and he didn't want to miss a word of the information he was finally receiving.

"Hinohara isn't all that large so everyone pretty much knew everyone else, as is usually the case in smaller towns. Our mystery family," Yasu explained while glancing up from his notes, "were firm believers of the Christian religion and very strict. Their son was always bullied in school and, apparently, was considered
"weird"
by most of the town."

"Did your anonymous source know why the kid was bullied?" Questioned Takigawa.

Yasu responded with a shake of his head. "He only said that the son didn't like the same things as the other kids, but didn't elaborate."

"Were you able to get the names of the family members?" Naru inquired.

Yasu let out a defeated sigh and shook his head in the negative once more. "I tried, believe me, I did, but they refused to say."

Naru closed his eyes in annoyance for a few seconds before settling his piercing blue gaze on the college student once more. "Continue."

Shooting the young CEO a cheeky salute, causing chuckles to break out while also earning him a glare in return, Yasu did as told. "One night, screams and gunshots were heard coming from the family's home."

This quickly sobered any cheer that the bespectacled researcher had brought to the room.

"According to my witness," here Yasu cast a hesitant glance at Kenshin, "the son had snapped and murdered his parents. When neighbors heard the commotion and screams, they came over and found them all in the kitchen with the son still holding the weapon, a knife. The kid allegedly tried attacking the neighbors too but was shot by one of them who had brought his hunting rifle with him. He died instantly."

Silence hung in the air after Yasu finished.

Without saying a word, Kenshin abruptly rose from his chair, snatched the radio to contact the local station, and stormed out the base door.

Wide-eyed expressions were exchanged between various member of the ghost hunting team at the detective's actions.

"What the hell was that?" Ayako asked the group in a confused and shocked voice.

"Ah, uh well," Yasu nervously muttered, snapping everyone's attention to him, "the reason that my source wanted to remain anonymous is because, well, you can't find any records of the family having ever died here. It was never documented. The police at the time didn't create an incident report for it."

"A murder in a town this small but no record of it?" Masako asked in a puzzled voice, brows furrowed.

"There's no way something like that could have gone unnoticed!" Takigawa snapped.

"So, what, the cops tried to cover it up?" An incredulous Ayako retorted while glancing at the monk.

"It would certainly explain Detective Noboru's reaction." John quietly added.

Naru listened silently as they all threw around different theories. He had to agree with their initial assessment though, it seems that the local police weren't as clean as they thought back in the day. "Do you have anything else, Yasu?"

The sound of their boss's voice easily silenced the group's theorizing and brought their attention back to the young researcher. "Unfortunately, that's all I was able to get. As I'm sure you know, there are limited records available that even mention that time so I couldn't find anything that would confirm or deny my source's claims."

Turning his thoughts inward, Naru contemplated everything they'd just been told. "Would you be able to set up another meeting with your source? I'd like to personally speak with them."

Yasu's face morphed into one of consideration while placing the folder he was holding back onto the table. "I can certainly try. Granted, they were skittish when they first agreed to talk to me so I can't guarantee anything."

Naru only gave him a slight nod of acknowledgment before turning his attention elsewhere. "Lin, did you find anything on the EVP?"

Turning away from his laptop, Lin locked eyes with Naru. "Yes, we captured a couple pieces of evidence from the recording." Unplugging the headphones from his computer, Lin turned up the volume and scrubbed through the recording till he found the section he wanted.

Everyone leaned in closer as they waited for the first piece of evidence. Once the Chinese man hit play, they were greeted by the sound of Masako's voice.

"
Are you one of the victims of the disappearances?"


"…
yes…"
Was the breathy answer they heard in a woman's voice.

"
What's your name?"


"…
Se…ts…uko…Id…an…e…"
The broken words, as though their owner was struggling to get them out, were quickly absorbed by the team as they continued to listen.

There was a longer pause between the questions than before and those listening leaned in minutely closer.

"
Can you tell me how you died?"


"…
him…sta…dem…on…koto…devil…child…devil child. Cleanse. CLEANSE. DEMON!"


The group waited with baited breath to see if anything else would happen but they only received silence in return. They could hear Masako and Takigawa asking a few other questions but the woman's voice never responded again.

"
End EVP Session."


"Ms. Hara, did you see or sense anything during the session?" Naru inquired.

"Yes," The medium readily answered, "there was a woman. She looked to be in her thirties with short, dark hair and dark eyes." As she spoke, Naru reopened his laptop and began clicking away, eyes intently focused on his screen while he listened to Masako. "Her clothes were outdated, possibly from the seventies or sixties."

"And her demeanor?" he probed without looking up.

Masako was all too used to his personality by now to be offended by his lack of manners. "Frightened. Her panic caused the lights to flicker after I asked how she died but she vanished after that."

A few seconds of Naru silently typing on his laptop passed before he turned said computer around and pushed it into the medium's direction. "These are all the photos of the known missing persons from or around this area that fit your description. Go through them and see if any of them match the woman you saw."

Masako nodded her agreement then settled into her task.

Next, Naru turned to face the rest of his employees. "Takigawa, Ms. Matsuzaki, and John. I want you three to go around the property and perform exorcisms in the areas you feel any kind of presence. The woman's ghost may not be the only victim wandering the building and it'll be best to clear them out before we handle the child."

All three spiritualists voiced their agreement and understanding then got up from the table and left the base in order to prepare. This left only Yasu, who soon found himself with the undivided attention of their dark-clad boss.

"Yasu, get in contact with your witness and see if you can set up a meeting for me. The sooner the better."

"You got it!" The college student replied cheerfully before fishing out his cell phone and leaving the base to find a more private place to make the call.

With orders now issued, Naru grabbed all the folders that Yasu had brought with him and began the long process of leafing through them, trying to find the piece that would connect everything that they had learned so far.




Mai felt as though she was waking from a particularly deep sleep due to the haziness of her mind and her body's sluggish movements. As she gradually became more aware of her surroundings, unintelligible sounds she hadn't quite registered before slowly became clearer until she could make out the tune and lyrics of a song.





I feel pretty





Oh, so pretty





I feel pretty and witty and bright!





And I pity





Any girl who isn't me tonight





A loud crash echoed throughout the house along with the abrupt end of the song.



"

What did I tell you about listening to this?!"





The noise and subsequent screeching of a woman fully roused Mai from her dazed state and had her scrambling off the ground she'd been lying on, rushing down a hall towards the commotion.



"

No, mom please!"





The distress in what Mai identified as a child's voice only spurred her to put on an extra burst of speed. In the back of her mind, she recognized that she was in an unfamiliar building but decided to think on that later as she searched for the room containing the woman and child.



"

No, I won't have my own son seduced by the works of the devil!"





A loud snapping sound reached Mai's ears along with a wail of anguish right before she burst into the room and received her first glimpse of the situation.





A woman, no older than 35 with black hair cut into a short bob, loomed over a smashed record player and was holding two halves of a broken record. Kneeling at the feet of the woman was a young boy, around eleven or twelve years old with messy black hair, who was sobbing uncontrollably while staring unblinkingly at the snapped record in the woman's hands.



'

Wait, that's the kid!'



"

You'll be better off without this sacrilegious thing." The mother sneered at the record while tossing the broken halves to the ground as the child's weeping eyes followed the object's path. Once they hit the ground, the boy scrambled to pick up the pieces and hold them close to his chest, continuing to sob.





The high school senior observed as the woman's face contorted into grief for a brief moment while looking at her son before her stern mask reasserted itself. "You've been tainted by the music, Makoto." She stated in a hushed tone.





The mother's words caused Mai to frown in confusion at the woman. The boy's suddenly frozen body, however, drew her attention back to the boy – Makoto – in time to see the dawning look of horror grow on his face.



"

No!" He screamed, attempting to scramble away from his mother but the woman quickly snatched his thin arm and dragged him behind her and out of the room. "Mom! I'm not tainted! I'm not! Please!"





"Makoto just hang in there, I'll free you soon!" The mother shouted back at the boy.





Mai watched, dread and panic quickly settling in her stomach, as the woman dragged her thrashing and screaming son down the hall. She hastily followed behind them and through the entry of a non-descript door, all the while wondering about the mother's odd choice of words, and into a room that seemed to come straight out of a horror movie.





On the right, Mai could see what could only be described as a shrine for the Christian religion. A large, wooden cross was fixed to the center of the wall with a wreath of thorns adorning it. Below that sat a table with a candle on either end, a bottle of wine, a platter of bread, multiple Jesus and Virgin Mary statues, a large portrait of Jesus Christ, and a large white bowl.





What really captured Mai's attention was the left side of the room where the mother was dragging a wailing Makoto.





A thick metal pole with shackles attached to it that went from floor to ceiling was situated in the center of the room. Surrounding that, the walls were lined with a multitude of objects from bottles of holy water to whips and blades. A small white tub also took up space in the corner of the room.





The juxtaposition of the two sides gave the room an eerie, almost unhinged, quality.





Mai could only watch helplessly as Makoto was thrown to the ground and violently stripped of his shirt. "Please, mom, please don't!"



"

Be quiet!" His mother yelled in his face, finally managing to rip the shirt from her son's body. "I shall not be tempted nor listen to the words of a demon, whose lips drip with lies!"





It was at this moment, when Makoto's chest was bare for all to see, that Mai's growing suspicions were confirmed.





And it sickened her.





Makoto's torso was littered with cuts and scars. His front had a multitude of small cuts and scars scattered across it. What stood out most prominently though, was the giant crucifix that looked to have been carved into the boy's flesh.





It was only once his mother wrestled his small wrists into the shackles with him facing the pole that Mai caught a glimpse of his back. Long, puckered scars crisscrossed Makoto's back in a chilling design. Some looking years old while others seemed to have only just healed.



"

Oh…god." Mai lifted both her hands to cover her mouth as her wide, horrified eyes took in the disturbing condition of the boy. "How…how could…she's his mother!"





Seeing said mother heading over to one of the walls, the young psychic watched in dread as the woman grabbed a multi-tailed whip and strode purposefully back to her son.





Makoto's sobbing had subsided into whimpers as he seemed to brace himself for the pain. A pain he'd become all too familiar with if the scars were any indication.



"

You shall be cleansed from my son's body!"





Watching the mother bring down the whip for the first time, Mai could feel the nails of her ungloved hand digging into her skin as she stumbled backward into the wall. Makoto's back arched and his agonized screams soon filled the room as the mother kept striking her son long after his back had become a bloody mess.





"Cursed dragon, and you, diabolical legions," The mother began praying, "we adjure you by the living God, by the true God, by the holy God, by the God who so loved the world that He gave up His only Son, that every soul believing in Him might not perish but have life everlasting;" She punctuated each line segment with a flick of the whip towards her son, "stop deceiving human creatures and pouring out to them the poison of eternal damnation; stop harming the Church and hindering her liberty!"





She wanted to leave. She wanted out of this vision. The young boy's cries were tearing at her soul while silent tears leaked from her eyes. "It's the past. I can't help. I can't. It's already happened." Mai chanted over and over out loud, trying to ground herself. Her hands were already tearing at her now unruly brown locks while her knees were pulled up to her chest after having slid down the wall, her forehead resting atop them.





No matter how hard she tried, Mai couldn't wake herself from the horrid dream and so continued to chant her little mantra. Every crack of the whip caused her body to flinch violently. Every shriek of pain made her curl into an even tighter ball.





And just like that, the sounds of whipping and screams were abruptly replaced with the clanking of pots and silverware. Snapping her head up from its bowed position, Mai was greeted to an entirely different scene.





Standing on a small wooden stool in front of a kitchen sink was Makoto, washing the dishes with jerky movements and a pain filled expression. His previous shirt had been replaced by a loose sleeveless top and she could see the bloodied bandages peeking out from beneath it. Mai could only assume that this was some point later that same night. He was cheerlessly humming the same song from earlier under his breath.





The silent appearance of another person at the kitchen's entryway drew Mai's attention from the abused boy. She was met with the sight of a tall man who had slicked back black hair and was wearing the outfit of a clergyman. His face had a friendly countenance but his narrowed eyes contained a glint that had Mai feeling uneasy.



"

Hello, Makoto." Were the man's short, clipped words. The psychic watched as the father's cold black eyes stared emotionlessly at the fresh bandages on the boy. "I see you gave into the devil's temptation again today." His voice was controlled but distant.





Makoto froze in his spot, his humming immediately cutting out, a plate hung suspended in one hand and a wash rag in the other. From her position on the floor, Mai was able to see both their expressions, and Makoto's was once again reflecting fear.



"

H-hello father." Was the subdued response from the boy.





A small downturn of the father's lips was his initial response before it disappeared. "Look at me when you're speaking to me."





Stiffly placing the items in his hands with the other dishes in the sink, Makoto turned around and timidly met his father's gaze. "I-I'm sorry."



"

Judging by what I heard walking in, it seems the cleansing earlier didn't completely work." The father never shifted his position, nor made any outward movements to insinuate a threat. His presence and words alone were enough to charge the air with dread.





Mai watched as Makoto's stiff form began trembling, his hands balling into fists. "Father, i-it's just a song. It w-won't-"



"

Makoto, come here."





The father kept his body relaxed and face calm but his almost softly spoken words cut through the air like a knife.





Makoto's shaking became more pronounced and his knuckles were now turning white. "Father, please, I'm-"





As soon as he began speaking, the young boy's father crossed the room and interrupted him by grabbing his forearm and pulling him off the stool. It wasn't a necessarily hard pull but, with Makoto's body already in pain and not reacting fast enough, he ended up tripping and falling headfirst into the dining table. From there he crumbled to the floor and onto his back. His short cry of pain was mixed with the sound of metal utensils clanging against the floor as they fell from the table.





Mai was past the point of thinking objectively, she could only assume that the father –she hesitated to even call these two adults parents– was going to perform the same medieval 'cleansing' as the mother. Hastily rising from her crouched position, Mai practically flew to stand between the once again crying boy and his grimacing parent. "Leave him alone!"





She felt helplessness wash over her once more as the father's arm passed through her body without a hint of resistance.





Gritting her teeth with closed eyes, Mai took a deep breath, stepped back from the scene, and forced herself to watch the unfolding events.



"

By the power of Christ, I command you, get up." Irritation was leaking into the father's voice as he bent over and attempted to grab his son. Fortunately, though Mai was sure the father didn't think so, Makoto managed to crawl under the table and away from the reaching hand.





The young boy's breathing was fast and harsh as he tried to escape from his father, clumsily crawling towards the entryway and, potentially, freedom.



"

Demon filth, I won't let you escape with my son!"





The father dashed around to the other end of the table and managed to get a grip on Makoto's ankle before he could exit the kitchen. The young boy kicked and thrashed about while trying to free himself, eventually managing to pull his father down to the ground with him.



"

Dad it's me, I'm ME!"



"

I won't fall for your tricks, hell spawn!" Pushing himself up off the floor, the father all but tackled his son. He managed to grab each of the thrashing and bucking boy's wrists, holding them down while straddling him and restricting the movement of Makoto's legs.





By this point, Makoto seemed to be so immersed in his fight or flight instincts that nothing mattered to him except extracting himself from his father's hold. He continued to buck against the older man, adrenaline numbing him to the wounds on his back, and eventually managed to wrestle one hand free. He groped the floor for anything he could use to defend himself until, finally, his efforts paid off.





Without any hesitation, Makoto closed his eyes and swung the object at his father, feeling it make a glancing blow. Immediately after, the father's grip must have lessened as the young boy yanked himself free and scooted away from the man till his back hit the wall.





A tense silence, only broken by Makoto's harsh pants, hung in the air as both parties looked to be frozen in their spots.





The events had happened fast enough that Mai was unable to see what Makoto used as his makeshift weapon but she refused to turn around and look at the boy, not while the father was still a threat. She knew she could do nothing here, that her caution towards the father would have no effect, but Mai was still too frazzled to think logically so instinct had taken over. Never turn your back on a threat and, right now, that threat was the father.





The first thing that broke the silence was the quiet sound of something liquid dripping onto the floor. Next, Mai watched as the father slowly, shakily, lifted his left hand up from the tiled floor and towards his head which was bowed and obscured by his now loose fringe.





Haltingly, as if in slow motion, the father lifted his head to lock gazes with his son and Mai's eyes widened in horror, along with the father's, as the injury was finally revealed.





A long, deep slash practically bisected the man's throat. The blood leaked from the wound in an alarming amount, dying the once pristine priest robes and floor a rich burgundy.





The father tried to say something but all that came out was a horrendous gurgling noise. The man then seemed to lose the function of his limbs as he collapsed in a bloody heap onto the tiled floor, an ever-growing pool of blood spreading out from under him.





The high pitch scream coming from behind her, loud enough that even the neighbors may have heard it, had Mai whipping around to see the horror-struck face of Makoto.





The young boy couldn't seem to take his eyes off the traumatic scene. His body had ceased shaking and he appeared to be holding his breath as his mind tried to process what had just occurred.





A distant thump could be heard from further into the house along with the sound of hurried footsteps growing ever closer. Mai observed as the mother rushed into the room and took in the scene. Her eyes stayed firmly glued to her husband's limp form, not even sparing a glance to her son.



"

Honey?" Dropping to her knees next to her husband, and ignoring the blood that now stained her pants, she raised her right arm to roughly shake his shoulder. "Honey, please say something!" She begged in a panicked voice.





Only silence greeted her, causing the woman to begin trembling as she hastily gripped his left shoulder with both hands and roughly flipped him onto his back. Mai could clearly see that the sight of her husband's dull, half-lidded eyes and the gruesome, bloody gash across his neck was not what she had been hoping for. Any small bit of denial that the woman had desperately been holding onto must have slipped away as tears began leaking from her eyes and quickly grew into full on hysterics.



"

No, no, no, no, no, no. Hiroshi! HIROSHI!" The mother clumsily pulled the dead father's upper torso into her lap and curled her body around him, further smearing his blood onto herself as she rocked back and forth.





Mai was filled to the brim with anger towards Makoto's parents but, even after witnessing their horrible actions, she could feel nothing but sorrow for the devastated woman as she broke down while clinging to the body of her deceased husband. Loss, no matter who you were, was harsh and unforgiving. Mai knew all too well what that particular emotion could do to a person and she would never wish such a thing on even her most hated of enemies.





The young psychic soon noticed movement out of the corner of her eye, the wails of the mother seemed to have dragged Makoto out of his shock. She watched as he took in the heartbreaking scene between husband and wife while silent tears trailed down his cheeks. "M-mom?"





Said woman continued to cradle the rapidly cooling body but she lifted her head just enough to meet the eyes of her son. "Wha…Makoto, how-?" She managed to force out between her sobs.





The son opened his mouth to answer, shifting his body slightly in the process and causing his mother eyes to involuntarily wander over his battered body. "I-it all happened so fast," he said while staring at his father's corpse, "I just-"



"

What is that."





The empty, almost dead tone that the mother used to interrupt her son had the alarm bells going off in Mai's head. The woman, who had stopped rocking and full on sobbing, but continued to cry, had her eyes glued to the metal utensil Makoto still had clenched in his hand.





Following her gaze, Makoto also noticed the bloody knife in his possession and quickly dropped it as though he'd been burnt. When he next looked up his eyes widened in panic and Mai could understand why.





The mother's previously grief-stricken features were now twisted into an expression of pure hatred. Her white-knuckled grip and trembling were now signs of rage instead of grief.



"

You," She all but growled at the boy, "you're not my son."



"

Mom?" Makoto questioned in a high-pitched and cracking voice.



"

DON'T YOU DARE CALL ME THAT!" She raged while gently lowering her husband back to the floor. "My son would NEVER have done this, he's not like you monsters!"



"

M-mom I'm sorry! It was an accide-" He desperately tried to explain.



"

I said," she quietly interrupted while grabbing a fork from the floor, "don't. Call. ME. THAT!" With anger fueling her actions, she hurled the utensil at the boy with bruising force, the object impacting his lower neck and causing him to cry out.



"

You heathen, demon!" She ranted with an unhinged look on her face. "Was my son ever here? Or did you consume his soul long ago and pretend to be him this entire time?!"





Makoto, who had slightly curled in on himself, leaned forward, towards his mother, with a desperate expression. "I'm me! Mom, I'm Makoto!"





But his mother was past the point of listening. "I can't believe we didn't see it sooner." She said to herself while a couple chuckles escaped her lips as she gazed at her blood covered hands. "You've been biding your time, trying to push us from the path of righteousness, but no more."



"

No, I'm not a demon!" Makoto continued to argue even as his words fell on deaf ears.



"

I have to rid the world of this evil, as our Lord has commanded us to do." Here, Mai watched with baited breath as the mother's fluctuating emotions finally settled on a crazed sort of determination. "Even if my son is still in there, I'll set him free."





Then the mother lunged.





She closed the small distance between her and her son and dragged the boy by his ankle towards her. "You can't stay here without a vessel!"



"

NO!" Makoto shrieked, clawing at the floor and kicking his legs in a bid for freedom. "I'm Makoto, I'M MAKOTO!"



"

The words of a demon will never sway the will of a true follower of God!" She declared as she finally managed to yank him close enough to wrap both hands around his neck, squeezing tightly.



"

I put on God's armor to resist the devil's tactics." She began praying as Makoto clawed at her hands and tried forcing air into his lungs. "I stand my ground with truth buckled around my waist and integrity for my breastplate. I carry the shield of faith to put out the burning arrows of the evil one. I accept salvation from God to be my helmet and receive the word of God from the spirit to use as a sword!"





Mai observed, almost numbly, as the insanity took full control of the mother. The death of her husband must have caused her to fully retreat into her fanatical beliefs as she continued to pray while strangling her child.





In what appeared to be a last-ditch effort, Makoto managed to get one of his legs under his mother and aimed a vicious kick at her stomach, causing the woman to gasp and curl in on herself, releasing the boy in the process.





It was the son's next actions that brought Mai back to reality.





Scrambling back towards the wall he was previously huddled against, Makoto snatched up the knife, got back on his feet, pivoted, and, with a maniac look in his eyes, lunged at the prone figure of the woman.





"I. AM. MAKOTO!" With each word that left his mouth, the boy thrust the silver blade into his mother's body. He repeated these words over and over while continuing to stab the gasping and twitching woman. Mai could do nothing but cover her mouth with her hands and watch in horror as the young boy brutally murdered his mother.





Soon, Makoto's anger seemed to have run its course and he leaned back on his knees while catching his breath. Staring down at the now motionless body, the rage gradually receded from his face only to be replaced with a panicked realization.





Then he began to giggle.





The giggles soon turned into chuckles that were interspersed with the occasional sob. The floor and boy were thoroughly coated in blood by now and Makoto's efforts to wipe away his tears only succeeded in smearing the red liquid across his face.





Mai felt her heart break for the boy as he finally seemed to lose the sanity that he had been able to cling to. What made it worse was that, in the end, it was his own actions that finally broke him instead of his parent's abuse.





The young psychic assumed that this would signal the end of the vision but, to her confusion and dismay, one blink of her eyes was all it took for her surroundings to slightly change.





Makoto was now sitting with his knees to his chest and singing a set of familiar lyrics in a soft voice. His body language was defensive but his eyes never strayed from the bloody corpses of his parents and the knife remained clenched in his hand.





There was also now three new men standing by the kitchen's doorway. The two in the back held flashlights while the one in the lead had an old rifle clasped in his hands and pointed towards the floor. They were all older, mid-thirties to late fifties, wearing what looked to be hastily thrown on clothes. Mai then noted that the man in the front's eyes were narrowed in determination while the duo's behind him were wide with apprehension.




"

Are you sure Shigeru?" One of the men asked the rifle-wielder.



"

We're already persecuted enough as it is. If this gets out, we'll be hunted like animals, just like during the war." Shigeru retorted.





"But he's-" The other man behind him tried to interject.





"It's my job to protect this town," Shigeru interrupted in a stern voice, "and if it means one person has to suffer to save everyone…then so be it." He then lined up his rifle with the laughing and singing tear-streaked face of Makoto.



"

Father, forgive me."





The last thing Mai heard while screaming at the man to stop was the ringing in her ears as he pulled the trigger





Another chapter completed, another piece to this case's puzzle found.



As I said earlier, not-so-friendly topics in this one but I still hope everyone liked the chapter



Also! I know I didn't answer back to many of your reviews last chapter (sorry about that! life's been a litte hectic recently) but I did get the chance to read all of them and I'll make sure to do better this time around ;)



Thank you to everyone who followed, favorited, and reviewed the previous

chapter! Your support and kind words feed my muse and even provide inspiration for future chapters. Comments, questions, constructive critisism, and theories are all welcome and encouraged!



Till next time!



shayrulz


>