

AN: Another tale of another of Tig's bed fellow of yesteryear.


As he sat on the edge of the bed, he hazarded another quick glance at his bed partner. It was then he noticed Juice's outstretched hand loosely wrapped around one of the columns of the headboard. Tig winced and looked away at the handcuff that has rubbed the younger man's wrist raw.

Fuck.

What had happened?

Wasn't as if the thought of fucking the young kid from Brooklyn raw hadn't popped into Tig's mind a time or two. That didn't bother him. What did bother him was not remembering shit about last night. It has been a long long time since that had happened.


Tig cracked open his heavy eyelids. His eyes were greeted by darkness and he wasn't 100% sure where he was. The only two things he was certain of #1 he was in a bed. And #2 he wasn't alone. And he was fairly convinced he was still stoned.



Groaning softly he focused on the pleasant sensations blossoming. Someone was diligently sucking his cock, with some skill he had to admit.



Reaching a hand out, Tig aimed for where the mouth was applying just the right amount of pressure on his junk. It was then that the room briefly filled with a stunningly bright light where Tig was able to see Turner, one of the newest members in the platoon sucking him off with reckless abandon.



Turner had just hit the Jungle two days ago. Quiet and unassuming. Was from somewhere in the Midwest, Tig remembered. Kid looked like your average corn fed momma's boy, coming over to so his duty and serve against the hostiles that were no real threat to the United States.



Tig was halfway through his second invasion of some hostile Central American country. Or was it South American this time? Hell if he could remember his own name at times.



He had drummed up a big brother complex as soon as he laid eyes on Turner. The boy really wasn't all that different from all the other new recruits, but just something about him grabbed Tig who knew if he didn't look out for Turner, no one would.



Looked like Tig chose his newest buddy well. Who knew Midwest boys could suck cock better than most coke whores?



Tig's groan of recognition and lust was cut off instantly by a loud boom that shook the whole camp.



The siren signaling the guerrillas were attacking sounded, as if they has somehow missed the mortar striking in the heart of the camp. Turner pulled off Tig and stared around like a startled rabbit, looking for his burrow to hide in. Tig sat up, cupping the younger man's cheeks between his palms, forcing him to focus as the rest of their bunk mates scrambled around them.



"Get your shit," Tig commanded. "Wait for me by the door of the tent." He waited for the wide-eyed momma's boy to nod in recognition before slapping him gently on the cheek and pushing him from the bed.



Tig quickly pulled his own stuff together, ignoring the sounds of combat just outside the tent door. More mortars with an occasional hand grenade, followed by the rat-tat-tat of M16s were all ignored by Tig til he stepped out of the tent. He held his rifle loosely to his shoulder, ready for any enemy that popped up. His wide eyes surveyed the immediate area and saw nothing out of the ordinary.



Stepping towards the heart if the camp, in an attempt to find someone who knew what was going on, Tig tripped over something, sending him stumbling just a little. He continued walking, automatically assuming he had tripped over the guy wire of the tent, which was something he did half a dozen times a day.



When he glanced briefly over his shoulder, he was suddenly struck by recognition, freezing him in place. It wasn't a guy wire. It was a boot. A boot on a foot. The foot was attached to a dead man laying in the shadows. A GI. Tig swallowed hard as he recognized the fresh off the plane hair cut.



Turner.



God dammit. It was Turner.


Tig wiped at a tear for his long dead buddy, struggling to put that memory back in the lock box it came from. He stood and grabbed a pair of shorts. He then went about searching his room for the half a dozen handcuff keys he kept stashed about for both illicit and legal fun.

>