

AN: hi all I'm so sorry that it has taken me so long to update but rl is kicking my ass and I'm a full time uni student as well. Updates will be slow but there wont be anywhere near as big a gap as before. I'm hoping to update at least once a month. Thank you to all those who stayed loyal and all the review I have gotten over my long absence. Any way on with the story.

It was about an hour later that the boys returned, looking rather disheveled. By their appearance alone, I was assured that the Major had worked off all his excessive aggression. And with his demon, was once again, firmly under control, hopefully now the rest of the questioning would go uninterrupted.

'I doubt it,' I couldn't help but to think bitterly, my eyes flickering to Alice and back to the boys again. 'I highly doubt it'

For a moment I watched them joking and shoving each other like the old friends they were, before I made a slight noise in the back of my throat. The effect was instantaneous as they straightened up and resumed their previous positions.

I took note that the Major looked ready to take care of business; that much was obvious by his stance.

As soon as the boys were positioned, I watched carefully as Alice's unsettled demeanor changed into a manufactured mask of arrogance and superiority. Out of the corner of my eye, I caught Major's slight inclination of his head, indicating that he was ready to keep the mojo going.

With a slight smirk tugging at the corner of my lips, I addressed Alice and posed my very first question.

"You mentioned your first vision of me. You made it sound as though there was a considerable time between it, and our first encounter in Forks. Explain!" I demanded of her.

All the Cullen's seemed to stiffen at my question, obviously not having picked on Alice's slip like I had.

'How many other times have they missed such slips of the tongue?' I wondered idly.

It was not lost on me that my boys remained unruffled, they too having read in between the lines.

'But that's exactly why they are with me. I don't consort with incompetence when it comes to shits like these,' I couldn't help but snort inwardly, 'The Cullens really need to lose their rose-colored glasses.'

I could see the strain of fighting against the Major's influence reflected openly in Alice's face; as her honey colored eyes dulled and the corners of her mouth twitched ever so slightly, before, finally, succumbing to it. The fact she tried to fight it in the first place did not bode well with me.

"My first vision of you was when you were born. It was of you being crowned Queen," she said flatly.

By the look on her face, I could tell the words tasted like vinegar on her tongue and it took some effort to keep myself from laughing outright at her face. The gasp from all but my guard was not unexpected either. However, I was rather interested in the sneer on Edward lips, and how much it revealed his feelings on the subject.

'Another omen to my assertion. Damn,' I found myself thinking rather softly, 'There just might not be any way of getting out of it now.'

"SHIT" I thought with feeling, thought by the look on everyone's face I said it out loud. 'oops'. I just shrug my shoulders in response, and look at Alice pointedly so she knew to continue.

"With you as queen, we would not be able to take over the Volturi. Jasper wasn't just kept to protect me. When we joined the family, Edward and I agreed that with both our powers we were meant to rule..."

'Her arrogance just continues to astound me,' I grimaced inwardly.

"...However, you being crowned would prevent that."

She gave a pause, like she was waiting for a special effect that accompanies big revelations in the movies. Other than the Cullens who looked like it took some effort for her revelations to sink in, she got no reaction.

'But then again why would she? We weren't expecting anything better of her,' I mused.

Now that she was aware of the emotions being sent, she was trying to fight them, however futile the effort. She continued reluctantly, "I checked my visions and saw you move to Forks when you were 17, and we had the family move here the year beforehand, so it wouldn't look like we moved here just for you. If we used the thrall on you, then you would no longer become queen."

'Someone really needs to clue her in on what a self for filling prophecy is.'

"..But you being Edwards's singer was an unexpected surprise. Him having to go to Alaska changed things, and you were fighting the thrall more than we expected," She finished through gritted teeth.

So it was all a set up for me. It seemed like fate really wanted me as a queen, no doubt about it. Well, any misgivings I might have had about being a queen are now shot to pieces and simply gone. Alice had just confirmed I was born to be a queen. As I thought before.

'FUCK!' I though only in my head this time, showing no outward sign of my inner cursing.

"What of the three nomads at the baseball game?" This was something that had bugged me for a while. Alice would have 'seen' them in the area as soon as they decided to head this way. There had been vamp killings in Forks for weeks prior.

'And one would think that they would keep their pet away until they knew that they had left the area for good.' It just didn't add up.

"The nomads were a set up. I knew they would be there, and we only thought they would scare you into submission so you wouldn't fight the thrall so much. We didn't anticipate James wanting you so badly.

We couldn't let you change then, because we didn't have enough control over you. We had Carlisle try to save you while Edward got the venom out."

"Pity your blood was tainted with venom," Edward mumbled, but we all heard. That side comment had Felix tightening his grip earning a whimper from the imbecile.

'Pussy, you don't know what pain is,' I thought as I looked down upon the simpering little bitch.

"You were only good to us as human then. Dead would have been inconvenient, but vampire, would be plain catastrophic to our plans. We were going to turn you for your shield, but needed you to stop fighting the thrall completely first. If we turned you while completely under the thrall, you would wake as our pet."

Alice kept talking quickly, taking the attention away from Edward, as if he hadn't spoken.

"...Ripping the thrall away and returning later was meant to do just that, but your supposed death stopped our plans, until we could find a powerful enough shield to get around the gifted guards. With you and Jasper as our weapons, we had what we needed to take over Volturi."

So that was what the parasitic cysts wanted to take over the vampire world. The issues with the thrall aside, they were absolutely blind to the fallibility of their own gifts. Their gifts were indeed powerful if wielded correctly, something they would soon learn when I have them shipped to the brothers.

Aro would be disappointed in the training they needed, of course. Caius was able to teach Aro one thing with regards to gifted vampires, regardless of the fact he didn't have one himself. It was a lesson that Caius and I learned together. It wasn't until Aro noticed that Caius's gifted guards were stronger than his own, even though the original gifts were weaker, that Aro listened.

Gifts are like weapons, they all have their strengths, weaknesses and limitations. Any weapons master would tell you that knowing the strengths will make one powerful until faced with someone who knows and understands the weaknesses and limitations. Knowing your fallibilities gives you the opportunity to counterbalance or strategize around them.

It also affords you the chance to seek out those who compliment said weaknesses. I, for example have a talent for thinking outside the box, and coming up with means to defeat an enemy, such as weapons, but struggle with implementing a plan to best use them, so I have surrounded myself, not with like thinkers, but strategists.

'Dumb and dumber had the tools needed to fulfill their desire, but lacked the ability to use them.'

Jasper was a master at war strategies, combined with my outside-the-box thinking, the right motivation, and what was available to us, we could have planned a successful attack on Volturi 350 years ago. He already understood what we had to discover about weapons.

The fools had overlooked this only seeing him as a fighter, a weapon, and me as a shield and nothing more. Fortunately they were too arrogant or else they would have very much succeeded. Now back to the issue of baby Swan.

'I wonder...'

"Is Belinda the only other human that you made a pet out of?" I asked. From what I have known in the past, there is never so large a space of time between victims. It's like serial killers, with a few exceptions, like BTK (who was able to channel his urges into something else), they just don't stop for no reason.

"Belinda wasn't the first since you. There were over a dozen others. He was going to return at a later date and drain most of your blood then change, you but you were then suddenly believed dead."

I cocked an eyebrow to indicate she should continue.

"This started as an obsession over anyone remotely like you. He had four requirements; one, for them to have brown eyes. The closer to your human eyes, the better. Two, they had to be in their teens. Three, their first name always had to have a nickname that Bella was appropriate for, Belinda, Isabelle, Belle and such. And lastly, their surname had to be related to Swan; Cygnet, Swanson, Swanman, even things like Svan would do him if the first three were ideal."

'Just like a serial killer, he even has a victim profile' I internally sighed. Sometimes I hate being right. I mentally shake the thought from my head.

She paused for an unneeded breath.

"He would dazzle them and keep them as pets, as sex toys and slaves at a residence near the main house. Belinda was the first he brought home since you. She was the first that challenged him for control, and her blood didn't sing to him but it was close..."

She was suddenly interrupted by Rosalie. Her viscous growl directed at Edward had him trying to cower in Felix and Demitri's grip. Our earlier conversation showing her that the 'sex toys' were really rape victims. With her past, the need to destroy Edward was hardly any mystery.

I looked over at the Major and silently asked to calm her. This seemed to enrage her more so.

"Rosalie," I raised my voice to be heard over her growls, the demand for her attention and authority clear in my tone. It was enough to have her growls subside enough to be able to hear me easily, and she stood straighter and looked directly at me.

"I know what you are thinking and how you feel about this information. I do not begrudge you or your reaction." She look as if she was going to take that as a green light, so I hastily continued. "However, I need for you to control yourself so we can continue the questioning. If you need time to collect yourself, by all means do take it."

Without pause, she immediately took off into the woods. I nodded for Emmet to follow and told him we would await their return. It wasn't long and they were back. Rosalie was still looking every bit as furious, but at least she was back in full control now.

'But for how long I wonder. I'll have to keep an eye on her too.'

I nodded to Alice to keep going and she went on as if she hadn't stopped, "I think he thought she was the closest to being your replacement that he was ever going to find, and was going to keep her as long as he could before she became his meal. You were only going to be changed for your gift. After we had you under control first, of course. Otherwise you would have just ended up a meal too."

This didn't surprise me at all but the quiet, barely suppressed growls from all present made it obvious no one was happy with this development.

I quirked a brow, 'How...cute.'

"He would tell the family that he had to leave her, and would hide until his eyes were golden again, claiming he needed time alone because he was depressed. I helped him, and he monitored Jasper. He even let me play with his pets."

This enraged me, but I didn't let it slip through the cool facade I had carved for myself in all these years. However, the rest of the audience seemed to have no qualms about letting loose their emotions of raw fury, especially Rosalie who was already pissed as it was.

'Like putting a keg on a bon fire, just sit back and wait for the potentially fatal BOOM'

It was Esme who moved first, flickering from her place beside Carlisle, she appeared in front of Edward the next second. There was something on her face that I had never witnessed before in all my time with their family, and I could hardly grasp it. And before anyone could blink, let alone stop her, she had had removed his dick.

I almost cringed. Now, I was not a male but
damn,
that had to hurt; if his screams were any indication. Every male around winced. The only one who seemed unruffled by the whole thing was Rosalie, and it didn't really surprise me.

Nah Rosalie didn't cringe, she looked smug. And it made me want to laugh out loud.

"You think yourself above others, no? A legend in your own mind?" Esme spoke, her face absolutely livid as she stared down at the son that she had loved like her very own all this time.

"You... You are nothing but a disgrace to this family, and as a man. And I forevermore disavow any kinship to you," She cast a glance at the other side of the room at Alice, before adding, "And your wretched sister there."

For a moment Alice stared right back into Esme's eyes full of contempt, and after what seemed a long time, she withdrew her sight down to her feet.

'As she should, the evil bitch.'

Esme's attention was back to Edward, as she again began to speak, her voice firm and filled with disgust, "You like to rape innocent girls, do you? Well, no matter the punishment that befalls you for your selfish actions, I will ensure you can never defile another with this!"

She held up his dick like it was a contagious STD as she said the last part, and Rosalie appeared next to her mother looking rather sadistic, as she joyously handed the older woman a lighter. With its small size it didn't take long to burn. The scream as his dick turned to ash was deafening. But yet, in a very twisted way it was enjoyable, you'd to admit so.

As soon as the ash blew away, in a sudden gust of wind, Carlisle too appeared beside his mate. He spoke no words to the deviants, just removed their Cullen crest in silent support of Esme's disownment.

I was watching as Carlisle wrapped a hand around Esme who appeared to be her normal demur self, as if she didn't just burn her sons penis. He turned to me and said solemnly, "Whatever you decide to do with these two will be met with no resistance from any Cullen, and I will do all in my power to discourage any fallout from any allies to the family. I will also warn you of any backlash regarding this, that I am made aware of. At this point in time I can only foresee that Tanya of the Denali coven may become problematic." He told me earnestly, and I found myself appreciating his honesty and his show of loyalty.

I should tell him that Tanya was up for judgment soon, for her part in my torture.

'Nah, I think I'll leave that for story time.'

I did hope that he takes full advantage of the time he will be ordered to spend with Alissa, and consider a position as a doctor in my ranks when I take over the Americas.

Before I let the Major have his vengeance and Edward got his comeuppance, I had a call to make, and then wrap everything up with a few last words. The call was short, but I explained the situation to Caius, and let him and Marcus deal with Aro and whatever hissy fit the later might throw.

I was to be informed of Aro's decision shortly.

While we waited I sent Emmett and Demetri to obtain some lead-lined boxes, to store some parts in for transport. Demetri had a contact in P.A. that had just what we needed, so they would only take an hour or so to return. The rest of us waited in silence. Esmé and Carlisle had returned to their original post with Bella.

About half an hour later Rosalie approached. She asked, looking chagrined, "Isabella, may I have a moment?"

Curious as to what she might have to say to me, I nodded my assent.

She hesitated as if not entirely sure of herself, but decided to continue anyway, "I just...want to take this opportunity to apologize for my behavior towards you when you were still human. I had valued your humanity and didn't want you to throw it away on a whim."

"Hm?"

"You see, I never believed Edward was your mate, if I did, I would have been more supportive. I know the pull your mate can have on you. I had Carlisle change Emmett in the first place because of this mating pull I had felt in the first place. Emmett was able to show me the best this life has to offer, but I still feel that humans have the better option. I even now yearn for a human life sometimes. The opportunity to have a family and grow old."

Well, this certainly was interesting; such level of affection coming from the one whom I believed to have pitied my very existence.

The blonde didn't seem to have noticed my amusement in the matter, and gushed on, "I didn't want you to give that up for someone who was not worthy of the sacrifice, let alone the perfect one for you. For this reason, I stopped Emmett from staying when the family left. I believed that you could have led the life you were meant to lead before all our interference. I was wrong, and I am really sorry we were not here to help protect you and your loved ones from Victoria."

'And to think that she actually bought herself to admit all these, pride and arrogance be gone!'

I was very amused by her antics and just watched as she went to staring down at her toes, her head bowed once she was done. It seemed like she was being as sincere as her words had sounded. And this was the longest I had ever heard her speak. Her speech showed more than anything her true nature that she hid behind the mask of an ice queen.

I placed a hand on her shoulder and waited until she met my red eyes with her venom filled golden ones.

"Rosalie, I do not blame you or hold a grudge against you or Emmett. I had theorized that the reason for you two leaving were along those lines. As for your behavior, it actually kind of helped a little." I smiled a small smile.

"I..." She seemed to be at a loss.

I explained, "Your attitude was rather similar to what mine was without the thrall. I was sarcastic, had a hard time trusting new people in my life, and loyal to a fault when it came to those I claimed as family. These things I saw in you. The ice bitch routine was a defensive mechanism to an unpredictable situation."

That earned me a small grateful smile I could tell she understood the point I was making. I think she was also glad to finally have someone that did understand why she was the way she was, with near perfect clarity.

"I also saw your loyalty to Alice and Edward was more obligatory than loyalty earned through true attachment. It helped me fight back the thrall a little. Though it wasn't much, what helped the most were you reminding me of why I kept fighting. I knew of the circumstances surrounding your change. I admired your strength of character after something that should have broken you. It was the same type of strength that made it possible for me to transcend the limitations of what I should have been capable of as a human. The ability to survive what, no other ever could."

That shattered her mask completely. If she could, I knew there would be tears streaming down her face.

"You see all that in me?" She breathed out in awe. Rosalie was yet to recognize her own strength, it seemed. Having them laid out like that would probably make it a lot easier. I knew that her turning left her felling like a victim. But she was never a victim. Like me, she is a survivor.

I turned to address Emmet as to allow Rosalie to collect herself, "Emmett you set the standard of what my future brothers had to attain before I would claim them as so. You showed loyalty and protectiveness that other brothers could only hope to emulate. Your striving for the happiness of your loved ones is a trait I wish more people had. Your childish and outlandish behavior was your way of achieving this."

I paused as I felt my phone vibrate, and raised my finger as a sign of being excused for a moment. I quickly read the text I received from Caius. Aro had agreed to my additions so long as he receives Edward and Alice in
useable
condition, and I allow Chelsea maintain the use of her gift on Volturi personnel and subjects outside my jurisdiction when needed. This now allowed me to start building my contingent.

Hiding a smile, I turned back to Emmet, "Yeah so, Emmett your oafish nature hides a very intuitive mind that is underappreciated and discounted. It is to the detriment of others to underestimate you; you would make a good guard for those that are victims in need of protection. Your demeanor would soon set them at ease and afford them much-needed comfort and safety. Things like this can dramatically benefit their recovery."

I then turned to Rosalie, "Rosalie, you too are also well suited for a position like this. Your past gives you a unique perspective on this type of situation. Not only can you sympathize with abuse victims, your inherent nature drives your instincts to protect those who cannot protect themselves, just as a lioness will do everything including sacrificing their own life to the protection of her cubs, or those in her charge. Though not always in an obvious manner."

I paused to allow them to process what I had said and implied. After a few moments as they continued to stare at each other, I continued, "This is why I assigned you both as Bella's guards and I am going to offer you both a position of similar nature. I will explain more of this soon. So you see Rosalie; neither you nor your mate has anything to be sorry for. As for not being here for Victoria's wrath, you would not have been able to prevent it. Only give her more victims to torture me with."

After what seemed like an eternity, the couple was finally to be able to break their eye-contact. Emmett seemed positively astonished in a very childish manner that was just his way, and it was Rosalie who bowed her head deep, having finally absorbed my words. And then she snapped her head back right up with a blinding and welcoming smile that in my previous life, I would have never imagined her to be capable of possessing.

"Family calls me Rose."

>