



Fighting until You can't stand no more




This is basically a hunger game with some Wolfblood characters in it. Only Three people get chosen from the Wolfblood team. Find out who wins.




Chapter 1



Katniss brushed Prim's hair and smiled, "You look beautiful!" Prim gulped. Tears were welling in her eyes. "Katniss, please don't get chosen! You don't deserve to do it!" Prim burst, as se hugged Katniss. Katniss sighed and looked down at Prim. "I'm sorry, you know this year I had no choice. They put my name in, with Peeta's. And there's a sort of twist this year." Katniss told Prim. Prim looked up at Katniss. She looked directly in Katniss's eyes. "What do you mean by, 'Twist'?" Prim asked. Katniss smiled and sat on a chair, "Let me explain." She told her.

"Three people were caught a few weeks ago. They are not like us. Since, they were in District 12, they decided to put them in the games, they are called 'The Wolfbloods'." Katniss started. "Why are they called that?" Prim asked curiously. Katniss got Prim's hand and squeezed it tight. "Because in day time, they look like one of us, but when a full moon is in the night sky, they turn into werewolves." Katniss explained.

"That's not fair though!" Prim shouted, "You and Peeta are the ONLY ones who are going to fight them, and they are people like us aren't they, Katniss?" Katniss sighed and took a deep breath. "It's for entertainment, no matter what, I will try and win Prim, understand, but I don't want to kill them." Katniss told her.

"But for their punishment, you could die!" Prim sobbed. Katniss looked at her and thought, "I never even began to think about that!"

Meanwhile, with the Wolfbloods, they are still locked up in the dark murky cell chained and handcuffed with no comfort at all. "We have to get out of here!" screamed Jana. Maddy looked at her, "They know our Wolfblood form! How would that help!" Maddy screamed. "Look, If they were going to kill us, they would have killed us by now, surely!" Rhydian told them. They all went silent. Maddy took a deep breath. "Then what are they going to do with us, put us in a full moon circus and torture us to do tricks?" Maddy asked. "Or worse!" Jana said. They thought for a second, how could something be worse then that. "They torture us to find our family, then they have us al, and we will be lab rats forever!" Jana told them.

Maddy tugged at the chains, her wolf was getting the better of her. "I'm so thirsty!" She cried. "Well tugging isn't going to help is it, Mads?" Rhydian told her, "This is all your fault Jana, you know, If it wasn't for you running in your form at 8' they wouldn't have found us and put us in a cage!" Jana got furious, but soon calmed down, she looked at them both, "I'm sorry, It is all my fault, your right again!" Jana admitted.

Back with Katniss, She was about to get ready to stand on the stage with Peeta. She looked around at the crowd. They were cheering at Hamish and Effie for once. It must be as Hamish kept her and Peeta alive. She thought, "Proberly as I go around trading lovely food to everyone." Effie said her name and Peeta's name, so she climbed up on the stage. They held hands and got booms of applause; she smiled and made her own people like her even more. Peeta looked at Katniss and smiled, she hadn't changed one bit.

With Maddy, Rhydian and Jana, the prison cells gates opened and in came 6 men. They got rid of every chain, except for the handcuffs; Maddy was relived as the weight had been unbearable to cope with. Two men grabbed Maddy and took her away first. "Maddy!" screamed Rhydian. Soon afterwards, Jana was taken, she screamed and demanded to be realised at once. Finally, Rhydian got took through. Two doors opened and beams of sunlight shone down at him. He looked through squinted eyes.

Effie introduced the Wolfbloods, as one by one Maddy, Rhydian and Jana got up onstage and stared at them. In fear Jana tried to escape, one man came up to her and whispered in her ear. Katniss knew what he had told her, he would have said he would have cut her tongue of for one more attempt. People booed at the Wolfbloods and threw rotten fruit and vegetables at them.

With tears welling in her eyes, Katniss watched all three of them sob and try to get close to each other. Her eyes fixed on Jana. She tried to escape again and pulled at the men. A man came up on the stage with a small knife in his hand. "No!" screamed Katniss. Everyone fell silent.

Katniss ran to the other stage and tried to get the knife from the mans hand. "You can't do that, you will have to do it to me first!" demanded Katniss. The man went of stage. Katniss took a deep breath, what did she do? When she got back to Peeta, she whispered in his ear, "We can't kill those people, they're innocent!"

>