
Chapter 2 Peeta looked at Katniss, not sure of those words came out of her mouth. "Katniss, you know if we don't kill them, they will kill us. And if they are what people say…" Peeta began. "Peeta! Look at them, they are distressed, scared, frightened of what is to come, scared of fate. Just as I was, and I had one thing they don't have now. Hope." Katniss said reaching out for his hand. Peeta sighed. "You do know it's just us and them in the arena, sooner or later, one of us from either team will draw a sword, arrow or they could transform into those, beasts! Lets not make friends with them, or it will be harder to kill them, and then you can kill me and…" Peeta said looking into Katniss's hazel eyes. Katniss backed off away from Peeta. "No! Not again! You're going to kill me; my life is a cell at the moment! My life turned upside down when I held out those berries! If I survive, I will do things I hate, you live your life. Your life is worth living." Katniss whispered, hoping Prim wouldn't hear a thing. "Katniss, what about Prim, your mother, Gale and me, what about…" Peeta said to Katniss raising his voice. "Just stop it! I made my decision, if either that or you know what!" Katniss yelled. Everyone in the audience looked at Katniss. Prim's eyes were welling with cold tears, dreading of what is to come for her dear sister. Peeta looked puzzled. He had a few idea's in his mind, but none of what Katniss thought of. Katniss went over and whispered in his ear, "The berries, if they could have saved my life, maybe they can end it, or suicide." Peeta looked at Katniss, not with sadness, but somewhat anger. "You're not guaranteed that they will be there!" Effie smiled at Katniss and Peeta. She urged on to be on time and to get on the train as fast as possible. Peeta gave Katniss a quick look and then ignored her for the rest of the walk. He was not at all happy with the idea of Katniss committing suicide, or eating berries. Nor was he happy with the idea that she was asking him to kill her! It was bad enough having to kill 'The Wolfbloods'. "I'm afraid that 'The Wolfbloods' will be travelling in the same train as us! Apparently, the capitol doesn't want to spend 'money' on people that have committed a crime! Oh, if you don't want to dine with them, there is a fully new dining hall made for us, as I heard they have appalling table manners, and eat like pigs! No, dogs!" Effie burst. Katniss smiled at Effie, she had an idea to help them, not that she wanted to, but just to be nice. First though, she had to ask Effie an important question, she hoped and prayed that Effie would have the answer to. "Effie, Do 'The Wolfbloods' know about 'The Hunger Games' and what they have to do, and the rules?" Katniss asked. Effie looked surprised. She looked in all her notebooks and papers, even though, Katniss knew she had an answer. "Apparently, they don't. It appears that they haven't told them, so you win, oh, or Peeta! How kind! At last, the capitol has done something nice to you and Peeta!" she beamed as they steeped on the train, Peeta and Katniss both went straight to their rooms. Meanwhile, with 'The Wolfbloods', Rhydian, Maddy and Jana were being tugged to the train. The men threatened to gag Jana as she kept on screaming and roaring. Maddy didn't have the strength to fight through the force. Rhydian looked back at the stage, it looked so small now. He looked forward and was puzzled to see a huge train, he thought they would have been travelling in a prison on a horseback, being starved and gagged. When they got on, the men shut the door with a lock and a password. They immediately released them from their huge metal chains, and led them to their room. Jana gazed around, confused of what was happening. The men opened the door and pushed them into their room. They locked the door behind them. Maddy slowly stood up and looked around. She saw three comfy beds, scattered around the room, a sky blue paint covering the whole room, a couch, a TV! "What is this? A five star hotel?" Rhydian asked. Jana began to sniff the air. She felt the cool wall, the soft cusions and laid on the mattress. "Well, whatever it is, its more luxury then we've had in days!" She smiled. Rhydian smiled too, thinking that this was just a way of saying that they learnt their lesson and forgiven them, but Maddy didn't. "This is some sort of trick! They drag us here, and give us this, in chains! They leave us in a prison to die! This is not all what its cracked up to be!" She told them. As soon as Maddy said those words, Katniss slowly came through the door. Maddy growled. Just when Maddy was about to pounce or attack her, Rhydian said, "Mads, wait! She saved Jana's tongue, she came here to deliver news a think…"Maddy smiled at Katniss. "Thanks for saving my tongue, what's your name again…"Jana began. "Katniss, Katniss Everdeen. And the man I came with is Peeta Mellark." Katniss told Jana. Jana smiled. "You may all think this is a way of saying, 'I forgive you from the capitol, its not. This train is leading four of us to our death!" Katniss began. Rhydian looked puzzled, "Wait, your saying four out of the five of us are going to die, but how?" "You're taking part in 'The Hunger Games', I took part twice, and well everyone fights one another. Whether you like it or not, you're going to have to kill us, or we kill you, I wanted to tell you so we're now equal, no secrets, and no lies." Katniss said, just about when she was going to walk through the door, Jana said, "But we don't want to die, and we don't want to kill you either." She said. Katniss paused. "Then watch your friends die and…" she struggled to get the words out of her mouth, she shut the door and opened a latch on the window so they could hear. "Do nothing."
>