


Author's Note:
Hello readers! Oho! I seem to get quite the reaction from you readers! Some of you were angry by Hiccup but that's understandable. Elsa did asked his honest opinion and well, Hiccup didn't pull his punches because to him, that would insult Elsa's character and credibility to handle honest opinions. Reader
YouNameIt1
nailed this!

And it seems that quite a lot of you readers understand what Hiccup meant! Especially reader guest reader
Anon.
Yes, it is all about perspective.

That being said, although in this chapter Hiccup will explain his perspective on the matter, the bottom AN will explain it why his perspective is used outside of the story. It's quite lengthy, so you don't have to read it if you don't want to. But if you did, you readers are awesome!

Alright, let's move on!



Chapter 21 – A Matter of Perspective


Hiccup let out a long sigh before scratching his head. He then turned around to find a predictably dejected looking Elsa.

"Why?" she asked, not looking at him. Her fingers were playing with the emerald shawl, his gift that was still tied around her waist. The shawl proved to be a bad distraction however, as it was from him after all. And at the moment, Elsa felt that she didn't want anything to do with him.

Oh, how easy it would be to just dismiss the Viking and gave him the cold shoulder for as long as they live. The old Elsa might have done that. The person she was right now, wasn't. She won't run away from her problems or conflict anymore. Elsa has learned that running away will only leave the problem to someone else to handle.

"Look, Elsa," Hiccup started. "You do realize that it is just my opinion, right? An opinion from a different point of view. You don't have to accept it,"

"I know that," Elsa said and gazed at the Viking with determined eyes. "I still want to know why I am a monster in your eyes,"

The both of them stared each other for a moment and it seemed that Hiccup was hesitant to discuss the matter with her. That was funny, it should be her, not the other way around. Usually, people were hesitant because they were afraid of her. He couldn't have gotten the cold feet now, could he?

"How would you define a monster?" he asked and Elsa was surprised by the question. She wanted answers, not questions! As such, anger filled her core and revived her confidence again. She no longer felt like the little girl that felt like a failure for her lack of control. She was Queen Elsa back again, the one that would not let other people's opinion crush her.

A second later, her gaze hardened again. She wanted to reprimand him for trying to skirt around the question but he beat her to it.

"Just answer, please," he asked again with a soft tone.

Hearing that surprised her and it cooled her anger just enough to answer it. "To me…someone is a monster when that person committed actions that are…
inhumane
," she answered.

Hiccup shrugged. "True. So what actions would you consider inhumane, then?" he asked.

Elsa narrowed her eyes in defiance to Hiccup's unorthodox method to answer her question. Still, she decided to entertain him for the moment. Elsa then pondered on the question; what action would be considered inhumane to her? The answer was simple enough, it was something that a good person wouldn't do, something that she wouldn't do.

"Rape, slavery, murder," she answered but she soon regretted it when she realized her last answer and its ramification. The hurt in Hiccup's eyes didn't help either. She wanted to apologize, to say that she didn't think that he was a monster but Hiccup didn't give her the chance.

"And so is freezing people's hearts," he said bluntly and it immediately quelled her sympathy for him. Anger took over again and she glowered at him. The temperature then began to drop drastically as she replied.

"I didn't freeze people's hearts on purpose!" Elsa answered.

"And that justify it? That made it right?" he countered. "You didn't consider it to be inhumane because Anna thawed in the end, but would you still think the same if she didn't?"

Elsa's eyes widened. That was true. If Anna hadn't thawed, she wouldn't deny being a monster.

"So your definition of inhumane depends on the intention then? Not the action itself?" Hiccup continued.

Elsa suddenly remembered her own words that were used against the Vikings.

"
Good intentions doesn't justify a wrong action,"


"So what about Marshmallow, then? You purposely created him to be that way," Hiccup added and Elsa looked away. "So you're saying that, a person is not a monster as long as he has good intentions and his actions turned out for the better in the end?"

It hurt. If Anna was here, she would have rejected Hiccup's statement. To Anna, that wasn't the truth. The truth was that Elsa didn't mean to do it and that made her innocent. In a way, that was true. Good intentions
can
sometimes justify a wrong action. A self-defense murder, for example, was justifiable.

But Elsa also knew that there were truth in Hiccup's words. After all, even though Anna had assured her that what she did wasn't wrong, that feeling of having done something…
inhumane
still haunted her. It won't go away no matter how many times Anna tried to convince her otherwise.

And Hiccup's words resonated within her, more so than Anna's. The feeling was like finally meeting someone that spoke what she needed to hear and not what she wanted. To her, it was as if someone has spoken the harsh but needed truth instead of sweet lies.

It wasn't to say that she thought Anna's words were lies, but…

"I…" she said and Elsa felt like a little girl once again. "You're right," she turned to face him again and her eyes began to tear. "Thank you for your
insight
. It has been
enlightening
," she said and got to her feet. She had only walked a few paces after him but stopped when she heard her name being called.

"Elsa…" Hiccup said softly. "You asked me a question, so now I want to ask you-"

"That is hardly fair. You have already asked me a lot when you could just answer my question," Elsa cut him off and he chuckled.

"That's true. But I still want to ask," Hiccup said. "So do you want to listen?"

Silence filled the room for a moment. What more does she have to listen? She already had her answer. At the moment, she just wanted to be alone and…try to control her emotions. She wanted to cry her heart out but she couldn't risk an Eternal Winter.

"And as far as I'm concerned, I haven't finished answering you yet. So I guess, my question will be the final answer?"

Hearing the somewhat ridiculous statement made Elsa laughed a little and it eased her feelings. "Why can't you just do things the easy way?"

Hiccup shrugged. "Beats me,"

Elsa sighed as her emotions cooled down. "Alright," she said and wanted to turn around but Hiccup prevented her.

"Can we…sit down and talk like this?" he asked. Elsa raised an eyebrow but couldn't question further as Hiccup sat down first. She pursed her lips before she sat down as well. Now on the floor, their backs were facing each other and they were so close that they were almost leaning on each other.

"Before I ask the question, I want to tell you…another story," Hiccup said and Elsa frowned.

'Another one?' Elsa thought.

"My bodyguard, Sigurd," Hiccup started and Elsa's frown turned to a curious look. "He was born out of wedlock. His father captured his mother during a raid and…you get the idea," Elsa's eyes widened at this. "When he was born, her mother managed to escape back to her village as soon as she got the chance. But she didn't take him with her,"

Elsa gasped. That was a cruel thing to do. To her, newborns were innocent. And although she was fortunate not to endure what Sigurd's mother had been through, she didn't think that she could do that to her child.

"Sigurd's tribe was one of the worst ones. Bloodthirsty, brutal, loved battle and they never feared anything. But Sigurd…he was a hiccup. Despite his size and strength, he didn't share the same…
passion
as his tribesmen," Hiccup said. "And his tribesmen knew that and capitalized on it. In other words, he was bullied,"

Elsa pursed her lips. The notion of someone with large physical size can't be bullied wasn't alien to her. Kristoff was one of the example. And the bullying doesn't have to be physical.

"One day, his tribe attacked his mother's tribe once again," Hiccup continued. "He and his father found her, but this time, she was with her family. She had a husband and two children,"

That was…Elsa didn't know what to think of Sigurd's mother. She didn't fault her for finding another source of happiness but…it was at the expense of Sigurd's own.

"His father beat her husband to death. Then he issued an ultimatum; Sigurd has to prove that he is his son by killing his mother and children, or he will end all of her lineage, including Sigurd," Hiccup said and Elsa's eyes widened.

"Did-did he…?" she asked.

"As angry as he was with his mother for leaving him, it wasn't enough to make him want to kill her and her children. But…he feared his father and…he complied," Hiccup finished and Elsa gasped again.

"No…" Elsa said and put a hand on her mouth.

"The guilt would continue to haunt him until this day. But that guilt also brought him to my cause. And since his father would rather die than join me, Sigurd killed him," Hiccup said. "By the end of the war, Sigurd has killed his entire family,"

Elsa was speechless. She never thought that Sigurd had such a horrible story. Sure, she didn't know him very well but she assumed that if Hiccup trusted him to be his bodyguard, then he has to be someone...that is not a mosnter?

"So…this isn't my true question by the way, but…do you think that Sigurd is a monster? Killing your entire family, that has to be one of the most inhumane things you could ever think of, right?"

That was true. A part of her wanted to say yes. Her body wanted to nod but...she couldn't. "But he didn't have a choice," Elsa tried.

"He was given a choice," Hiccup said and Elsa's eyes widened. "He could choose to die as a human, but he didn't. And even if he was forced, it still doesn't change the fact that he was the one that killed them,"

She didn't know what to say.

"So what about Varin?" Hiccup continued. "He has worse powers than you and how he use it is definitely inhumane. But because he did it for the right reasons, does that mean he is not a monster?"

What Hiccup said was true again. Even though Varin had the best intentions, it didn't change the fact that what he had done was horrible.

"Or what about your parents? It must have hurt them to know that they might have to use those shackles on you. It must have made them feel like a
monster,
" Hiccup said.

That revelation felt like a slap to her. She never thought that her parents might have felt that way.

"Or what about me?" Hiccup continued. "I plunged the whole kingdom into a civil war because I wanted to be king. And along the way, I made parents bury their child, separate lovers, created orphans and made a monster out of my friend,"

Elsa's eyes widened as she finally realized that Hiccup sees himself as a monster. But that was it, sure, what he did made him a monster but…why it seemed like he wanted to remain that way? Why couldn't he forgive himself?

"I…yes, alright, you, Sigurd, Varin…my parents and even me," it was hard for her to say it, "-are monsters. But why do we have want to remain that way? Why can't we just forgive and move on?"

Hiccup chuckled. "Who says we haven't?" he said and it surprised her. "You know, Sigurd was very suicidal back then, more so than what was expected from a Viking. It took a lot of effort to get him to stop fighting but when he did, I asked him why he was so eager to die,"

"He said that it was penance for what he did. That his death would calm the souls of his family. I said that it was ridiculous. I told him that he wasn't worth 3 souls," Hiccup chuckled again. "He nearly killed me for that. So I said that since he, in a way, has stolen his family's future, he has to live that future well and not to squander it by dying,"

Elsa raised an eyebrow at this. "And…he forgave himself?"

"It would take a while. But it was enough to stop his suicidal mood," Hiccup said. "As for Varin…I like to think that he found forgiveness on the other side,"

It became silent for a moment. "And you helped me, remember?"

"That was true," Elsa smiled a small smile. "So then why do you still label yourself as a monster?"

"It's not about forgiveness. To me, you don't just stop and turn back to human once you've conquered your inner demons and paid your penance. To me, you can't go back, you can't undo what you did. Once you've become a monster, the only thing you can change is the kind of monster that you will become," Hiccup explained.

"That's…depressing," Elsa said and Hiccup chuckled before he sighed.

"Sigurd will not deny what he did. He will not justify it. To him, if he did that, it would wash away what he did and it will make his family's death insignificant. It also reminded him of what he is capable of; that in time of great stress, he could kill his family just to survive. If he just brushed it off, it would be easy for him to do it again. To him, if he did that, then he would be a different kind of monster that's worse," Hiccup said.

"As for me, I don't want to justify what I did. I don't want to say that what I did was right because I have the right intentions or that the end justify the means. If I did think that what I did wasn't monstrous, then it would be easy for me to do it again and again,"

"I could have just chosen to conquer Arendelle for the good of my people. It wasn't the right thing to do but hey, it is justified because I have good intentions and it benefitted my people in the end, right?" Hiccup continued. "What would you think of me if I did that?"

Elsa pursed her lips. "I would think of you as a monster,"

"That's right. I am a monster, but I'm not that
kind
of monster. And the funny thing is, because I understood what it feels like to be a monster that it stopped me from being the other kind of monster. Do you get it?" he asked.

"Yes," Elsa giggled. "It is like how a person that has committed a crime and repented would appreciate being good,"

"Yup," Hiccup nodded before he sighed. "Elsa, I'm not saying that it is good to be a monster because let's face it, most people become monsters for the wrong reasons. And I've met monsters worse than you and most of them didn't have powers to help them reach that status. Most of them are truly evil in that there's almost nothing human about them,"

Suddenly, Sigurd's father came to her mind.

"But I've also met good ones that knew what being a human is like. Some of us didn't become one by choice. Good men mean well. We just don't always end up doing well," Hiccup said and Elsa looked sad at this. Frederik had said almost the same thing about her parents.

"But some of us chose to become monsters…so that others don't have to," Hiccup said and sighed again.

Elsa perked up at this. "What do you mean?"

"We all want to live the way we want. I want everyone to live peacefully with dragons. You want people to stop being afraid of you. And given choice, we would want to…impose our ideals to everyone, right?" Hiccup said and Elsa nodded grimly. If there was a button that would make everyone not be afraid of her, she would push it.

"But we can't because the same idea applies to everyone as well. They want to live the way they want and they would want to impose it to everyone as well. The difference was how far we are willing to go for our ideals," Hiccup said and sighed.

"And to me, that separates the humans from the monsters. To me, the people, the citizens, the subjects or as I like to call them, the humans…they're
weak
," Hiccup continued and this surprised Elsa. She never thought that Hiccup would think that way.

"They're free to be human. They can choose who to love, who to marry. The decisions they make is only about themselves and they carry only their burden. And yet, when someone threatens their way of living, how far do you think the average people would go to protect it? Do you think that they could make the tough decisions? Do you think that they would sacrifice their family for a thousand people they hardly know?" Hiccup explained and shook his head. "Most likely not because they couldn't, because they're human. And they needed someone to protect their humanity. Someone that would go further than they could. They needed monsters,"

"So what about the monsters then? The
strong
ones?" Hiccup asked a rhetorical question. "They don't have the luxury of carrying their own burden. They are the ones that have to make the sacrifices, the tough decisions and the horrible actions. Leaders can't only think about themselves or just a select few. They have to think about everyone they're responsible for. They are the ones that have to make
inhumane
decisions and live with it. Why? So that others wouldn't have to," Hiccup continued.

Elsa couldn't help but nod.

"You said that murder is inhumane," Hiccup continued and Elsa perked up at the inquiry. "So what about your soldiers, guards and defenders? They are willing to kill so that others won't have to. What about the fathers that went to war with the hopes that his children wouldn't have to experience the same thing? And a soldier that has killed hundreds of enemies will be seen as a hero by his people. But to the enemy?"

Elsa's eyes widened at the revelation.

"And what about dragons? Almost everyone that meets a dragon would think them as a monster. Heck, before we lived with them, even the Vikings consider them as monsters!" Hiccup chuckled.

"So finally. After all that long talk, this is the question that I want to ask you," Hiccup said. He sighed before leaning on her. The gesture surprised her but she didn't pull away. And after what seemed like an eternity, he asked.

"Is it truly bad to be a monster? Sure, it will make you less human, but does it mean that you can't be human at all?"

"I…" Elsa tried but she couldn't answer him.

"But like I said, that is my opinion and my perspective on what being a monster is. It is not a fact and I know that a lot of people would disagree with me, so you don't have to accept it. I don't force it down people's throat because they would probably think that I have emotional and mental issues," he said with a chuckle. "You're the only person I've ever told about this,"

Elsa's heart fluttered at this. Hiccup trusted her enough to tell one of his deepest secrets.

"And whatever your answer will be, I won't hold it against you. I can't expect you to accept it when what we have been through is different. And even if you've been through the same, I still won't force you to accept it," Hiccup said before he got to his feet. He then walked away, no doubt going to where Toothless was and left Elsa alone to her thoughts.

Elsa could only watch the retreating form of Hiccup in silence as she wondered what he had told her. As expected, his view on what being a monster was completely different than her. And to say that it shook her core and beliefs was an understatement. It made her reflect not only on her own perspective but also her own self.

The truth was that, Elsa's definition of makes a monster wasn't as strict as Hiccup's. Hers was more lenient and as such, she had never thought anyone that she had met as a monster. She had yet to meet anyone that she truly thought would be worthy of the title. To be honest, she didn't think that she had the heart to call someone that.

But that was before Hiccup had shared his perspective.

Still to be honest, Hiccup's perspective was somewhat…cruel, even if it was true. She could imagine how her defenders would react if she callously called them that, even if they shared Hiccup's perspective. Because really, it was like shoving an ugly reminder to their faces. It was like constantly reminding an ex-convict of his crimes. Even if he has come to terms with what he did, it doesn't mean that he like to be reminded of it all the time.

Elsa wondered if Hiccup was a masochist.

However, it doesn't change the fact that Hiccup's perspective resonated positively with her. Was it because it was better than her own? Maybe, maybe not. But it was the one that she was most comfortable with.

All this time, she always had that nagging feeling that she would always be different from the rest, that she was a piece of a puzzle that doesn't fit. Anna had told her again and again that she wasn't a monster because her intentions were good. If that is true, does it mean that Elsa could freeze Anna repeatedly even though she had good intentions? Anna also said that she she was not a monster even if she was capable of something that normal humans couldn't do. She tried to convince herself that as well but why does it felt like lies?

And yet, she kept trying to believe in those lies because she was afraid of the truth. Afraid that if she was accept that she was a monster, she couldn't be human anymore. That it would be the worst thing that she could ever do.

It made her question herself, just like how Hiccup had asked her. Why can't she be a monster and human at the same time?

And was it truly bad to be monster? Before this, to her she would be a monster when she had
killed.
But was that the worst thing that she could ever do? Elsa sighed and she closed her eyes to search for the answer.

What would she prefer? To have a clean hand and conscience than not saving lives at all?

Elsa imagined a scenario where a person was about to be killed by an assassin. Sure, she could freeze her enemies in a block of ice to stop them, but what if that wasn't viable? That her only choices were either to kill or not to kill.

What would be her choice then? What would she prefer? Would she preferred to sacrifice that person so that she could remain…'pure'? Or sacrifice her humanity so that the person might live?

Perhaps the most accurate question would be; which choice could she live with?

And as if to answer her, her heart thumped loudly. It turned out, the answer wasn't as bad as she always thought it would be.

Then and there Elsa sworn that she would not sacrifice someone just so that she could remain 'pure' and 'white' as the snow that she controls. No, in fact, if she had done that, she would be the opposite. She would not remain pure. She would become…
the other kind of monster.


And for the kicker, let's say that Arendelle was attacked. She wouldn't be surprised if it was because of her. But that would make it even worse because it would be her fault. And if she was still adamant of trying to keep her hands clean and leave all the dirty work to someone else, then what would that make her? An extremely selfish person and even worse monster than if she had dirtied her hand.

Elsa then opened her eyes and looked at her hands. It was ironic really, that the worst thing that she could do was
not to

kill
when needed. It surprised her that she didn't thought things that way but, she did had a different perspective after all.

Elsa sighed. In another life, if she wasn't Royalty, if she wasn't a leader, then she could worry about having clean hands and conscience. Then she could leave all the fighting and tough decisions to someone else.

But Elsa was a Queen, with or without her powers.


…


After an hour after, Elsa found Hiccup with Toothless again. He was lying on the floor and his prosthetic leg was missing. She was surprised and worried by this. What happened? Why would he remove it?

She approached him silently and she found her answer. Hiccup used his prosthetic as a pillow. And it seemed that he was asleep.

'That doesn't look comfortable,' Elsa thought. The Snow Queen couldn't just let her guest sleep like this!

And so Elsa nudged Hiccup to wake him. "Hiccup," she said softly. He didn't wake.

'Strange, he must be really tired. But I thought the coffee would keep him awake," she thought. She didn't know that not everyone react the same way to coffee. To Hiccup, there was hardly any difference whether or not he had drank coffee.

Elsa however, wasn't the type of person to get tired so easily in the night, with or without coffee. She was used to it to finish her work. And when she had checked her watch, it was only 12.30 a.m. That was still early to her.

She then used an extra effort to wake the Viking King up. "Hiccup!" she shook his body. This had the desired effect but not in the way that she could have imagine.

Hiccup's eyes immediately shot open and he sat straight. With unbelievable speed, he grabbed his prosthetic leg and wield it like a club, ready to smack the person that dared disturb his sleep. And if that wasn't enough, he screamed his dragon's name.

Toothless had almost the same reaction as his master. His eyes shot wide open and instantly turned to slits. He bared his teeth, got to his feet, spread his wings and roared.

To say that Elsa was scared out of her mind was an understatement. She stumbled back as she screamed and fortunately for the Viking and dragon, she only let out a blast of snow that covered the both of them. After that, the serious situation turned into a hilarious scene. Whatever intimidating feature that Hiccup and Toothless had was gone as snow covered every inch of their body. A second later, the snow that covered their eyes fell off to reveal confused eyes.

"Wha? Elsa?" Hiccup said.

Elsa couldn't help but smile. "Yes, it's me," she said and waved her hand away to dispel the snow.

"Haven't you heard the phrase, "let the sleeping dragon lie?"" Hiccup said and rubbed his eyes to dispel his drowsiness.

"More or less, yes. Sorry, but I couldn't let you sleep the way you were," she said and Hiccup yawned before he reattached his prosthetic leg again.

"I usually sleep like this when I'm outdoors. My leg has saved a lot of times from assassins," Hiccup said and Toothless warbled in annoyance. "Oh and Toothless too,"

Elsa nodded. "I see. Still, I'm surprised that you tuck in early. I thought that…you know, you would like to hear my answer,"

Hiccup yawned and this time, Toothless followed suit. Seeing that made Elsa feel bad for waking them up. "I thought that you would want to sleep on it. I know I would,"

Elsa look sheepish. "Sorry. But now that you're awake, you should sleep in the guest room. The mattress and blanket are thick fur so it would be more comfortable," she offered.

"That would be nice," Hiccup said before he yawned again. Toothless also yawned but his mouth opened to its full extent. Elsa's eyes widened at this. From the look of it, an entire human head could fit into it! However, Toothless brought his tail and covered his gaping mouth with his tailfin. After he was done, the tail then slapped his own face and he shook his head to clear the drowsiness.

'My, my, Toothless knows his manners,' she thought.

"So uh…" Hiccup started and it brought Elsa back to reality. She turned his attention to him and found that Hiccup looked unsure.

"Oh yes! So I have the answer to your question," she said and Elsa could have sworn that Hiccup looked nervous. Strangely enough, he reacted like Elsa was when she asked Hiccup the question.

And in that moment she understood. Just as Hiccup's answer had a huge weight on her, the same was true for Hiccup with her own answer. Before this, she was scared that Hiccup would view her differently, but it turned out, it was the same was for Hiccup.

"You know, you kept surprising me Hiccup. I never thought that a Viking could be so philosophical," she said.

Hiccup shrugged and rubbed the back of his neck while avoiding her eyes. "Well…you know, I'm not the typical Viking. And the philosophical stuff comes with experience, I think," he said rather nervously.

Elsa smiled. Another reason why Hiccup's opinion of her mattered so much was because subconsciously, she thought of him as a figure of authority much like her father. Her father was a kind ruler, fair and smart. So when she was little, she never thought he could be wrong. Her father's words were the law.

After all, she didn't know what to do herself, so it was better to listen to the person that knew more than her.

As such, because of what Hiccup had went through and his seemingly out-of-the-world achievements, Hiccup seemed like a magical sage to her. His street smart and world experience was definitely leagues better. And because of that, Elsa had subconsciously painted Hiccup to be…impeccable, perfect.

But she had forgotten that Hiccup wasn't flawless.

"And you are quite the pessimist," Elsa said.

"Eh, I like to think I'm a realist," he replied and looked into her eyes again.

"Well, you certainly have a…refreshing perspective to say the least," Elsa started. "As for your answer, I found that being a monster is not so bad, as long as you still have a part of your humanity and for the right reasons,"

Hiccup smiled. It seemed that Toothless doesn't want to be left out of the moment and decided to nudge Elsa's hand.

She smiled as she rubbed the dragon's snout. "After all, dragons are monsters as well, but they're not so bad," Toothless closed his eyes and purred happily.

"And thank you, Hiccup. You helped me see clearly," Elsa said and Hiccup shrugged again.

"It's not all me. You're the one that listened," Hiccup said and Elsa nodded.

"It seems so," she said and the both of them stared each other in a comfortable silence. Elsa was glad that she had asked and listened to Hiccup. Sure, it did break her for a moment, but in the end, it made her stronger. "Funny, before this the word monster was almost taboo for me, but now I'm fine with it,"

"Yeah, but that word seems like the only thing we're discussing. Can we move on?" Hiccup said and Elsa raised an eyebrow at this.

"I thought you want to sleep?" she asked and Hiccup grinned. Suddenly, she had a bad feeling about what was going to happen.

"You disturbed our sleep, so we need to do something!" he replied. "And I remembered that you owe me a song,"

Elsa instantly blushed and turned her gaze away. "That-that's!" she stuttered. "Well I did say that I would sing for you but-but I don't think it will be good. I'm not a professional singer or anything. It'd be horrible. I would be horrible,"

"How could you be horrible? Have you heard your own voice? You know, if you weren't a queen, it would say that you would make a great singer," Hiccup said and Elsa blushed deeper.

"Al-alright, don't say that I didn't warn you," Elsa said and she got to her feet. Hiccup gave her a thumbs up and Toothless smiled excitedly at her.

Her legs felt like jelly and her heart was trying to escape her chest. She rarely do this for anyone. In fact, she had only done it once for Anna when she had asked her side of the story during the Eternal Winter. If everyone going to ask her to sing every time she told her story, she would have to omit that part out.

Hiccup sensed her nervousness and an idea struck him. A good way to reduce nervousness was to distract the mind by making them feel something else. Usually, humor worked best.

"Elsa, I have a story to tell you," Hiccup said and got up. Elsa only gave him a skeptical look.

'Another story?' Elsa thought. While she didn't mind hearing them, she felt that she had enough for the day. Still, Hiccup didn't give her a chance to disagree.

"Okay, there were three Vikings, Angier, Bjorn and Calder," he started. "The three of them liked a woman, Hilda and has been fighting over her. So they decided to make a competition. Whoever can hit an apple that was placed on top of her head from the farthest range, win. So the competition were then made in the center of the village that they live so that everybody can see how awesome they were,"

"Okay?" Elsa said. Why did she felt like something bad was going to happen to the woman?

"Alright, so Angier goes first. He shot an arrow from 50 meters away and managed to hit the apple square in the center," Hiccup said and Elsa nodded. It was quite impressive. "He then screamed, "I AM ANGIER!"" Hiccup screamed and it shocked Elsa.

"Oh…alright?" she said, unsure of what was going to happen.

Hiccup nodded before he continued. "Next, Bjorn used a crossbow and from 100 meters away he hits the apple as well. He then screamed "I AM BJORN!""

Hiccup didn't wait for Elsa as he continued. "Then comes Calder. From 200 meters away, he threw a knife at the apple. It hits Hilda on the calf instead,"

Elsa's eyes widened. She knew it!

"Calder then faced everyone like he had done nothing wrong and had won the competition-" Hiccup then struck a prideful pose. "-and screamed, "I AM SORRY!""

It was silent for a few seconds before Elsa burst into laughter. She laughed so hard that she had to hold her sides and sat on the floor. Hiccup and Toothless smiled at seeing this. The sound of Elsa's laughter was music to their ears and so they let her have her moment and Hiccup sat on the floor.

About 3 minutes later, Elsa finally stopped laughing. Although she would burst into a fit of giggle whenever she remembered the joke again. She then wiped away a tear and when saw Hiccup's smiling face, she realized that her nervousness was gone.

"That was a terrible joke. Why does the woman has to get hurt?" Elsa commented and Hiccup shrugged.

"The original was worse. She got the knife to her head. At least the guy was sorry, right?" he said and Elsa sighed.

"Still, thank you," she said with a smile and Hiccup nodded. She then got to her feet again and saw Hiccup giving her a thumbs up and Toothless smiled excited at her.

Elsa walked to the center of the room, took a deep breath and closed her eyes. When she had sung to Anna, she did it in her room, seated. Now, Elsa felt like she had to do it in a special way for Hiccup. As such, she had been thinking of her song choreography.

To be honest, she wanted to sing it like the first time, complete with the ice building and all that. But of course, that would mean that they have to go outside and Elsa would probably need to create another ice castle. That would take too much effort at the moment. So she had to do with an improvised version.

After a moment, she then knew what she wanted to do. With a smile, she conjured a replica of her coronation dress from ice over her riding attire. She didn't make any changes to her non-ice clothing this time. To complete the look, she conjured a single glove and crown. She then opened her eyes her to her perplexed audience.

Good. There was more to come. She then started to sing. Her song started with a sad tone and she also acted the part. Hiccup looked concerned at this but he and Toothless remained quiet. Then came the part where she throw away her single glove in front of her. She sent a gust of wind from her hand to let it float further away from her and turned it into fine snow.

After that, she continued her song with displays of her magic and even created a lifeless replica of Olaf. She then took off her cape and willed a snowy wind to blow it away from her before it turned into fine snow as well.

Now that she wasn't restricted by her cape, she began to move around more with a happier expression. She noticed that Hiccup smiled upon seeing her happy face. Her heart couldn't help but to beat faster but it didn't disrupt her focus as she continued to sing.


And the fears that once controlled me,



Can't get to me at all!


She then vanished the walls of her observatory tower and walked towards its edge. Hiccup and Toothless almost got their feet in worry. Fortunately for them, she turned towards them again.

As she couldn't create a stair for the next part of her song, she settled with another display of magic. And when it came to the part where she had to create her ice castle, she decided to remodel the observatory tower instead. It was needed anyway, considering that it didn't have the walls and ceiling anymore. Hiccup and Toothless was surprised by the sudden and massive transformation of the room, but they quickly gained their composure and remained silent.

After she has finished with the redecoration, it was time for her song to reach its end. She then threw away her crown and instead of making an ice dress like before, she disintegrated the one that was on her and revealed her riding attire. As for the final part, she finished it like she did it the first time. She went to the balcony of her observatory tower, sung the last line, walked inside and slammed the door.

The next thing she saw was her stunned audience. Hiccup and Toothless' mouth was gaping wide open.

"Well?" She asked after a minute of silence. The effect of the adrenaline rush still wasn't gone yet and her heart beat even faster than when she was singing.

Hiccup and Toothless closed their mouths instantly and got to their feet before they clapped. It wasn't surprising to see Hiccup clap his hands but…Toothless? Elsa never thought that he could do that! Toothless was standing on his hind legs and smacked the front of his legs together repeatedly. It sounded like a clap alright, but a meaty one.

"That was AWESOME!" Hiccup said and Toothless nodded before he warbled what Elsa thought was his compliments. "And if that is what you consider bad, you just have an unhealthy standard then!"

Elsa blushed. "Thank you,"

Hiccup smiled as he approached and took her hands into his. "No, thank you," he said. "I'm sure that wasn't easy but you still did it for me. I am a lucky guy to hear your song,"

The Snow Queen blushed harder this time. "Well, okay-um, thank you again?" she said before releasing Hiccup's hand. Suddenly, Hiccup was nudged towards Elsa by Toothless. Their bodies impacted together quite hard and it send Elsa tumbling towards to the floor. Fortunately, Hiccup's quick reaction kicked in and he immediately snaked a hand around her waist and brought her close to him.

Well, to be exact, it was
very
close. So close in fact that Hiccup could feel her breasts on his chest. However, Hiccup didn't notice that as the both of them were lost into each other's stare. After what seemed like an eternity, they managed to return back to reality.

Hiccup immediately released Elsa and they both backed away from each other as if one of them were diseased. He then turned around to find a snickering Toothless. "Toothless! Bad dragon!" he scolded.

Toothless rolled his eyes in response and warbled at him. Hiccup then blushed before he replied. "It's not that simple!"

Elsa wondered what they were talking about. It must be something about her and Hiccup.

The dragon rolled his eyes again before he stretched and yawned. Elsa noticed this and decided to take action before anything weird could happen again.

"Well, it has been a long day! We all are tired and I don't want to keep the both of you up any longer. So follow me and I'll show you to your room!" she said and immediately went out of the room.

Toothless warbled again and Hiccup blushed. "You know, when you get your own girl, I'm going to tease you every moment I get,"

The dragon then grinned before he warbled his response, causing Hiccup to sigh. "Oh right, you don't know the concept of shame. Alright, you win this one bud,"

To Hiccup's annoyance, Toothless decided to rubbed it in by blowing a very small plasma to the air. The small plasma blast then exploded with a small pop.

"Show off," Hiccup said with a smile. "Come on, we need to sleep,"



Author's Note:
Alright! So there are a few things that I want to discuss about.


1)


I didn't put the entire song of Let it go because I didn't feel that it was needed. You all already knew the song and it would be a waste of space. Even if I did made a few changes to the song choreography, it was rather minor that I felt I was writing the original Let it go sequence.

Still, you guys must be wondering why Elsa's transformation was reversed. Why didn't she create her Snow Queen dress? That would require extensive modification to her riding attire and it wasn't suitable for riding Toothless or anything actually. That and the action was symbolic for something. What is it I wonder?


2)


Most of you would think that Hiccup's perspective is weird, in that Hiccup embraced the concept of being a monster instead of rejecting it. And I'm pretty sure that this concept is rare in the Frozen archive (not sure about HTTYD though, because I rarely frequent it, heh). Anyway, there's a reason for that.

What is the reason, you ask? Well, I find that the concept of "being a monster is totally evil!" and rejecting being a monster to be cliché and boring. Seriously, BORING! I scrounge through the Frozen archive and almost all of them follow the same formula. Now you might think that I'm weird for thinking like this, but I think that it is not. Because outside of the Frozen universe, the concept of embracing being a monster isn't all that weird.

For example, this trope is used in stories where the characters are not human; vampires, hybrids, werewolves, mutants, demons and what not. And most of them embrace their monster and human sides. Sure, they might get conflicted about it at first, but then they would find that being a monster is actually quite cool. And what was more, if someone that isn't a monster could love them…that speak VOLUMES of their character. One of the best example I could use is Dante from the Devil May Cry franchise (the original Dante, not the new one, mind you), and he turned out the one of the coolest character in gaming.

So yeah, you can say that the concept was carried over to this story through other medium. And I could do with a story where Elsa is fine in being a monster (but still good) and have to kill.

Another thing that peeved me is what the Frozen archive constitutes for what being a monster is. Most of the story's definition of a monster for Elsa would be when she had killed.

And I was like -.- that's it?

Heck, most stories even made it that killing was the ultimate NO NO for Elsa. That if she killed, the whole world would implode or something. And I was like, oh come on! That is ridiculous! Why I think so? Because if Elsa hadn't been born royalty, then yes, those concerns are legit because she doesn't need to kill. But Elsa is a royalty, a leader. She has to prepare for the possibility that she might have to kill someone, directly or indirectly. With her magic, through someone else, or with her powers as a ruler.

You might say that I'm harsh, but that's the truth. I'm a realistic kind of guy and this is reflected in my story. Frozen is set before World War 2 where war, especially the huge ones was very common. It was only after World War 2 that nuclear weapons had eliminated huge scale wars and transform war into different forms (through politics, media, etc. etc). As such, Elsa had to prepare for either assassination by leaders that are scared of her, war because of her or other reasons. This is like a soldier that doesn't want to kill when killing is part of his job description.

And when I see this 'Elsa should never kill' issue in most stories, I would be like…ugh. Not to say that it would automatically make those stories bad, it just ruins part of the experience. It isn't that bad if war and fighting isn't a central theme to the story. However, if the story is about Arendelle being attacked and this trope is in play…

Imagine this, Arendelle was attacked and her people are being slaughtered left and right. And that Elsa didn't use her powers for more than making ice walls and blizzards. In the end, the invaders were repelled but not before a third of the population is killed. And then that Elsa would be like…"that's okay, I can live with that! But if I had killed a single soul, then it would definitely crush me!"

If that were to happen, I would be like…YOU COULD HAVE PREVENTED ALL THIS! If you were the people of Arendelle that had lost your family, what would you feel and think about that Elsa? Would her clean conscience matter anymore?

Still, I understand why most Frozen stories go that route. Because Frozen belongs to Disney after all and you know, kids stuff. If Frozen had been geared for the adults in style of let's say, Game of Thrones, then I don't think Elsa would have any problem about killing people.

Of course, this is my opinion. You don't have to accept it if you don't agree.

Still, for those of you readers that have read all the way through here, you guys are SUPER AWESOME! Oh and thanks for hearing my opinion/rant?

And as usual...


Read and Review!


>