

Chapter 30

They finally reached Mc Gee's department, which Tim had made handicap accessible during the time Delilah had stayed in the hospital and of course he was pretty determined to help his girlfriend in any way possible during the whole recovery process. Just like a true gentleman he opened the door of the passenger seat, helped her to get out of the car by extending one hand to her which she reluctantly took after some hesitation.

Mc Gee then took out the crutches for his girlfriend; Delilah gladly accepted it because her walk wasn't that steady as she would like it to be but she was determined to work hard for improving her medical condition. Tim lead the way up the one flight of stairs to his apartment, of course taking his time because he was very well aware of the fact that his girlfriend wasn't able to walk that fast with her crutches and he surely was happy to finally have her back by his side at home after having to endure all this drama surrounding the drone attack on the Conrad Gala. Delilah and Tim finally then sat down on the couch in the living room, she had parked her crutches at the right side of the couch that was located right next to the door to the living room of Mc Gee's apartment and as he gently laid his arm around her thigh she just let her head rest on one of his shoulders for now. They just sat there for quite some time, not saying a single word before Delilah finally said: "It is really great to be finally back at home, I missed cuddling with you in bed so much and I even kind of think that I only sleep a hundred percent good with you lying next to me at night."

Looking into her wonderful eyes for a while, made him realize once again how much luck he had with finally finding the one woman he would maybe even consider marrying some-time in the future and he couldn't believe that he had been so stupid in the past to seriously think that he wasn't good enough for her. Later Tim and Delilah drank some coffee together, before they were interrupted by Tim's ringing phone and he was of course a little bit annoyed because of this interruption of the value time with his girlfriend but picked the phone anyway. As he had short look at the Caller ID, he wondered what Tony was up to: "Hey Tony what's up?"

"Hey Mc Gee just wanted to hear how things are going for Delilah out of hospital." Tony asked, totally being happy for his colleague that he and Delilah had such a good chemistry together.

Tim really deserved it to finally have some luck regarding women; Tony had truly felt so sorry for Tim in the past after he just had been used by other women because he truly deserved to be happy. "We just were just resting on the couch a little bit and have a double date with Ellie and her husband in the evening." The last part of the sentence was very interesting for Tony, the ring on Bishop's finger surely didn't go by unnoticed and he kind of was a little bit jealous that Mc Gee and DOD Delilah would actually get the opportunity to meet the mysterious husband of the Probationary Agent. As he had finally collected his thoughts he said: "Oh then sorry for disturbing your precious couple time, have fun tonight and tell Delilah that I said Hi."

Tim was surely a bit surprised by the fact that Tony could also be very nice sometimes even if he couldn't help but make fun of him the most time at work but he truly appreciated it a lot that he had been by his side the whole time as he had to fear for his girlfriend's life.

The time that he had to spend in the waiting area, waiting for doctor to finally arrive and tell him about Delilah's medical condition had been so difficult for him to master. Of course Tony had been a pain in the ass most of time they had known each other, but when Tim had needed his moral support as a good friend he always had been there for him and before Tony was able to hang up on him he said: "No problem Tony and I would like to invite you to dinner over at my apartment, because I feel that I owe you that as a proper thank you for the support during the aftermath of the drone attack and I'm sure that Delilah would also love to have you over for dinner."

Mc Gee shared a short glance with his girlfriend who then finally said: "That's a wonderful idea; I would love to cook for you Tony." On the other end of the line the senior agent didn't really know what to say at first because he surely hadn't expected this kind of very spontaneous dinner invitation from Mc Gee.

"Of course I'm gladly accepting your invitation to dinner and I'm anxiously looking forward to your exceptional cooking that Mc Gee always keeps talking about." Delilah had to admit that she was maybe a little bit flattered by that comment, seeing her even blush a little bit for a second made Tim grin shortly before he finally ended the call: "Okay see you soon Tony."


In the Evening


Later in the day the two were busy with getting ready for the double date, because he really started to like the tux that his girlfriend had bought him he decided to wear it again tonight. Delilah struggled a little at first with choosing the right outfit for tonight and so she showed the two outfits that she narrowed it down to and asked: "Which one do you like better?"

Mc Gee didn't need to think about that decision for very long and said: "My favorite outfit is definitely the red one; you should really wear that one because it would definitely look beautiful on you." She then kissed him on his right cheek shortly and then she started to put on the wonderful looking red dress.

Of course it took rather long for Delilah to put on the final touches to her make- up but as she finally stepped out of the bathroom later that evening Mc Gee was really stunned in a positive way for quite a while. The DOD Cryptologist couldn't help but grin as she realized that Tim was kind of drooling because of her appearance, she then softly stroke his cheek and said in a very gentle voice: "Earth to Timothy Mc Gee are you there? You have to stop drooling now or else we're going to be late and I really don't want to keep Ellie and her husband waiting for that long."

As Tim had finally recollected himself he said: "Wow you look really…beautiful." Then the two finally went back outside to Mc Gee's car, Delilah took the crutches to walk because she was a too afraid of trusting own sense of balance just yet.

Meanwhile at NCIS Headquarters, Gibbs and the rest of the team were about to wrap up the work day with not much of success in the Parsa Case and that truly frustrated him a lot. He kept looking at the display of his mobile phone, but there were sadly no new messages but he was very happy for Mc Gee that Delilah had survived the Drone Attack on the Conrad Gala after Tony had told him that.

Mc Gee did have the opportunity to build a future with Delilah, maybe even watch his kids grow up if they decided to have some and it still kind of made him sad that he didn't have the opportunity to watch his wonderful daughter grow up because she had been taken away from him as also his first wife Shannon had been. The two did really have a great chemistry, but Mc Gee could screw this all up if he would always keep burying the negative emotions inside of him because you had to communicate with your partner in a serious relationship.

Tony was the last the one of the team still present in the office besides Gibbs, who was finishing up some paper work before he would also finally head home while Bishop had already rushed home to get ready for a dinner with her husband.


One hour later


The two couples finally sat together on the table that Ellie had reserved for them: Mc Gee with Delilah and Bishop with her husband Jacob, who had short dark brown hair and was dressed in dark blue shirt with the matching jeans.

With their drinks finally having arrived at the table Ellie then raised her glass to say a few words: "I'm really glad that we could make this happen that spontaneously even with the time consuming jobs that me and Jacob have and I would like to wish all of us a very nice evening."

Of course Mc Gee had been a little bit skeptical as, Ellie had wrote him a short message about having the dinner already tonight after she and her husband had finished work because he kind of had been unsure if Delilah was up for it after just getting out of the hospital today but after some persuading from the DOD Cryptologist Tim had finally agreed on Ellie's suggestion.

The rest also now rose their glasses, took one sip from it and then Ellie and Jacob said: "To Delilah and Tim, we surely wish you both the best for your future." Delilah and Tim both thanked them and of course especially Delilah hoped that this thing between her and Tim would be something solid, because he definitely treated her not in any special way the whole IQ thing didn't matter for him one bit.


AN: Ok that's a wrap guys, I Hope you enjoyed the final chapter and if you do please read and review.



Thanks to- Trina Tiffany for adding this story to her favorite stories list, adding me to her Author Alert Subscription, adding it to her story alert subscription, Thanks to- Toronto Girl 12 for reviewing this story.


>