


Disclaimer:
I don't own skins or its character, this is just for fun not for profit


Chapter One
: Routine (JJ's POV)

JJ keeps to himself. He doesn't speak unless spoken to and it is usually as short and to the point as can be managed depending on the situation. He doesn't mingle due to his inexperience and he never oversteps where he's not wanted for fear of being a bother; and he especially avoids girls his own age altogether for a simple reason: he understands them even less then he understands people in general and unexplainable things just cause JJ to mentally sweat, so he avoids it.

JJ likes routine and often counts on things going according to his plan (God forbid if they don't!). The halls are usually empty during this time of day and JJ was counting on that, he really doesn't want to get caught doing what he was about to do. He slid passed the abandon classroom to the side hallway near the east entrance. Freedom was close and JJ could practically smell it; running toward the steel door JJ barely made it before 5th bell rang.

JJ sighed with relief before he nearly jumped out of his skin "Gay J! You fucking came!" a familiar voice screamed.

"Fucking hell, Cook! You scared the shit out of me!" JJ spoke after he felt he wasn't going to have a heart attack.

"Sorry, Gay J. I'm just happy you made it" Cook laughed "You usually flake out on me" he smiled and pulled JJ into a bear hug.

JJ had to mentally remind himself not to flinch at the unexpected touch. "Who else is coming?" JJ asked once Cook let go of him.

"Naomi and the Fredster" Cook shrugged happily

"How the hell you get them to agree?" JJ asked

"Well, Naomi was easy all I had to say was booze and girls, she was practically foaming at the mouth and Freddie was a little harder but the promise of endless drugs was too overwhelming for the man" JJ laughed along with Cook.

Cook became JJ's best mate in middle school after they became science partners and even though the friendship was unexpected and Cook sometimes annoyed the hell out of JJ, he loved him and he knew Cook loved him too.

JJ became mates with Naomi and Freddie last year during their first year of 6th form. Freddie was easier to get along with since he was extremely laid back and calm (The boy smokes a lot of weed) which in turn kept JJ calm when Cook's escapades got them in trouble but Naomi was a whole other business. Naomi was just as wild as Cook if not more so, she loved the drugs and alcohol but she loved girls even more. Women were the one thing Cook and Naomi shared together sometimes literally! and any chance either of them could get to party they took it no matter how shitty the area or party and somehow made it about themselves and their needs but JJ could give them one thing: they always made a shitty party legendary but that wasn't why Naomi took a little longer to get in JJ's good graces and for him to consider her a true mate and it was because she is incredibly cynical and rude to everyone and that just wasn't JJ's cup of tea but she ended up proving she actually had a soft spot for him when she dropped making out with a hot girl from university to keep him company when Cook ditched him to make out with some blonde bimbo with huge tits and an even bigger smile (If that was even humanly possible) who JJ thought wasn't particularly nice or attractive, are well at least not to JJ any way. When JJ asked why Naomi ditched her date and was being nice to him she simply gave him a confused look and said "Your Cook's best mate and since Cook's my mate too that makes you my mate as well." Naomi and JJ stayed silent for the rest of the night not feeling the need to break the comfortable silence that descended upon them because in it they truly became mates. JJ never questioned Naomi's friendship again and Naomi never felt the need to solidify it, they were mates plain and simple.

"Why are they not here yet?" JJ was becoming fidgety, they still had a high risk of being caught the window between 5th bell and the beginning of 6th was closing.

"I don't know, mate? Chill they'll be here." Cook said JJ's nervousness was killing his high from the impending party they were soon going to.

"Don't tell me to chill, Cook! They said they'd be here they should be here!" JJ's nervousness was turning into anger and that wasn't good because you didn't want JJ angry. It was then; almost like magic that Naomi and Freddie decided to make their appearance. Freddie was doing some type of James bond shit that looks neither suave nor becoming on him it just looked well extremely stupid (he was even singing the damn theme song!) and Naomi just look really bored and annoyed.

Once Freddie decided to cut out the stupid crap, (when Naomi's foot "accidently" almost kicked his groin) JJ asked "What the hell took you guys so long?" JJ was on the boarder of annoyed and anger;
He didn't even want to be here!
He though angrily.

Naomi simple rolled her eyes at his question "Freddie decided he wanted to be a damn ass for fifteen minutes with that James Bond shit and we almost got caught we had to hide in an empty classroom for a few seconds before we could leave"

"Yeah, mate. It was freaky we had to lock ourselves in this closet filled with animal parts and shit. Smelled real bad" Freddie and Cook nearly busted a gut at that and JJ and Naomi simple exchanged a look before waiting.

"Cook, mate where we going anyway?" Naomi decided that Cook and Freddie would go on forever if left to their own devices and knew she was going have to get the ball rolling if they were ever going to get anywhere. Cook stopped laughing and gave Naomi his full attention.

"Well, children why the greatest party of the year!" Cook screamed.

"Wanna scream a little louder, Cook? I don't think the state sector heard ya!" Naomi said with the same annoyed look JJ was sure he had on his own face.

"Who's throwing it?" Freddie asked.

"Why the Fitches, who else?" Cook gave them a 'duh' look but JJ choose to ignore that. He was too busy with the name that just popped out of Cook's mouth.

Twin Sisters Emily and Katie belonged to the most popular clique at Roundview called the beauties. The beauties were known for three things: Their beauty (Obviously), their promiscuous behavior (they pretty much sleep with anyone that caught their eye), and their legendary parties (they really did put Naomi's and Cook's to shame.) It was an honor to be invited to their parties since they were exclusive and like a big secret.

"Goddamn it, Cook!" Naomi yelled "Why didn't you tell me it was a godforsaken Fitch party?" Naomi looked more than pissed she looked downright well… livid.

"Because I knew you wouldn't come" Cook said with a cheeky grin. It was known fact around Roundview that Naomi despised Emily Fitch. No one knows exactly why but JJ's guess was that it had something to do with sex (it always did with Naomi plus Emily was the only lesbian member of the Beauties) Emily and Naomi always had these intense competitions going on wither it was to who could eat the most chill peppers to who could stare each other the longest; it was always Emily who won and that just pissed off Naomi even more than their baser problem, Naomi hated to lose at anything.

JJ problem with the beauties had nothing to do with Emily in fact he quite liked Emily she was nice enough and always said hi to him in the halls. It was the
other
Fitch that had JJ in a cold sweat. Katie Fitch was JJ's imagination of his own personal hell, Katie was going to be the death of him and he believed almost quite literally. Katie wasn't only the devil in JJ's eyes but that kind that you fantasized about when those slutty girls at Halloween wore those damn slutty devil outfits only Katie's wasn't a costume: she was a slutty devil 24/7 and like all the other guys JJ wasn't immune to fantasizing about her or her sultry demeanor.

"How you get invited to that?" JJ asked Cook. JJ needed a distraction from his own thoughts about that certain devil.

"I'm Fucking Effy." Effy was another member of the beauties, actually she was the leader. Not only did she rule Roundview but she decided who was cool enough to get invited to their parties.

"How did you get us invited? We ain't exactly 'Cool' by their standards" Freddie was right, we weren't outcasts but we weren't most popular table at the cafeteria 'cool' either.

"Oh, I threatened to withhold sex if she didn't invite you guys and surprisingly it worked. Princess loves her wily waggles with the Cookie monster." Cook laughed loudly and started making doggy- style gesture with his hands.

"I don't know what's more surprising that you of all people threatened to withhold or that you're fucking Effy Stonem." Naomi stated with a roll of her eyes, Freddie laughed, and JJ didn't quite know how to react to that.

"Fuck off; you know if you weren't a muff monkey you'd fuck me too." Cook said like he was insulted.

"When hell freezes over." Naomi said simply taking a drag of her cigarette.

"Whatever" Cook answered back.

"Is the party now or something?" JJ had another annoyed look on his face, this was getting us nowhere. "Was that why you dragged me out of class to go to this party?"

"Hell no! The party don't start till midnight." Cook exclaimed.

"Huh?" JJ tried to keep his boiling anger in check. "What'd you just say?"

"Party don't start till midnight, Gay J" Cook didn't even know he was walking into a danger zone.

"That's just great!" JJ yelled, his anger finally spilling over. "You pulled me out of Class for something that doesn't start until fucking midnight!" JJ could feel himself slipping going into a place that his mates called being locked on. JJ only ever got locked on when he was aggregated or angry and he was a bit of both (Which was a bad combination.) There was a reason JJ needed routine, it was the only thing that kept him sane and kept him from getting locked on.

"Calm down, JJ man. It's all cool we can change and hang at Keith's until its time" was Freddie's attempt to defuse the situation but it only made him angrier.

"It's your mum, isn't mate?" Naomi asked softly. JJ simply nodded his head, it always was. JJ's mom Barbra Jones was the epitome of a ball buster. She was the main reason his father left and the reason once JJ graduated he was moving as far away as possible and never returning.

"Isn't she out of town this month?" Cook mentioned. JJ nodded his again.

"That's good, Roundview will call about you skipping school while she's away and you can delete the message when you get home, she'll never know" Freddie said with a smile.

That made sense. While Barbara Jones may care about his education she doesn't care enough to actually go to school if they called again after he deleted the main message, she never did. She was a goddamn walking contradiction.

"Okay." JJ was more himself now. "I'll be okay, just talk about something else." JJ began breathing in and out trying to get his breathing under control.

"One thing JJ said made sense, why'd you drag us out of class if the party doesn't start till later." Freddie asked.

"I wanted to hang with my mates" Cook had this innocent puppy dog look on his face "besides Effy wants to meet us at Keith's" Everybody groaned.

"You got to kidding me!" Naomi exclaimed. "You want us to meet her so she can sum us up and judge us with I'm better then you look." JJ agreed with that.

"Come on, she ain't like that. She's really cool." Cook said defensively.

"Only because she sucking your dick but for the rest of us, she's a bitch." Naomi and Freddie laughed at that, Cook looked angry, and JJ was still a bit lost.

"Fuck This! Want to go back to my place?" Cook said curtly "I've got this killer new weed!" Cook was jumping up and down at that. The thing JJ loved most about Cook was he was never down for long, and it truly was infectious and JJ needed that in his life.

>