


She's back



Okay, this is my first fanfiction so I hope you like it. I haven't decided if I'm gonna write all or most of the chapters and then upload them all at once, or write as I go. Hopefully you guys don't get too mad at me XP. Here is your summary: The gang is now in high school. They are currently juniors but are entering summer break before senior year. Helga moved away before 5

th

grade and everyone has basically forgotten about her except Phoebe, Lila and Gerald. (Why they remember her will be explained). Also this story is rated M for mature. In later chapters this story will have graphic LEMONS. No I'm not gonna say between who. If you don't like it, you don't have to read it.



Thanks to my friend Eden for the cover photo.



I do not own these characters, they belong to Craig Bartlett, and here we go.



That's bold, even for you


"Ugh not again!" the blonde boy exclaimed. "Every single year you go to a different camp, can't you just stay in Hillwood for ONE summer?" Arnold begged his best friend. Gerald looked up at Arnold from his tray of food and put his fork down. "I know this sucks Arnold, but you have to remember, the only way I'm getting into college is with my sports scholarships. The more sports I'm involved in and good at, the better my chances will be." Arnold slumped down in his chair, crossed his arms and sighed. "Fine, I guess you're right" he said.

Gerald went back to his food and the two friends sat in silence. After a few minutes, Arnold readjusted himself and sat up straight. "Hey Gerald, if you're gone every summer, how does your relationship with Phoebe not fall apart?" Gerald raised an eyebrow "What do you mean?" he asked. Arnold thought for a second, trying to find the right words. "Well, every summer you disappear to a camp where you're not allowed visitors, doesn't that bother her? I mean, she can't be happy that her boyfriend is never around. Not only that but, aren't you worried that another guy will try to get with Phoebe while you're gone?" Gerald looked at Arnold with a very serious expression on his face and then burst into laughter.

"Hey, what's so funny?" Arnold asked with irritation in his voice. He didn't appreciate being laughed at when he had asked such serious questions. Gerald continued to laugh, he covered his mouth to try and stifle the sound and then he slowly calmed down. "Tell me Arnold, you stay home most summers right?" Arnold wasn't sure what direction the conversation was taking but he responded anyway. "Yea… So?" Then Gerald asked "And how often do you see Phoebe?" Arnold was about to speak but then stopped himself.

Now that he thought about it, he couldn't remember ever seeing Phoebe during the summers either. Before he could say anything Gerald began speaking again, "I'm assuming never" he said. Arnold's eyes meet his friend's, it was a silent answer, a defeated yes. The mocha skinned boy began to speak again. "Every summer Pheebs leaves town." Arnold looked a bit confused. "Where does she go?" At that Gerald shrugged and gave a loud sigh "All over the place, sometimes she goes back to Kentucky, normally though, she goes to Japan or Russia." Arnold's mouth fell wide open and all he could say was "She goes to all those places?! Why?!"

Gerald tossed his fork on his tray, apparently giving up on trying to eat. Arnold noticed this and felt a little bad but now he was curious and Gerald could eat later he thought to himself. Gerald sat up straight then began speaking as if Arnold was a slow child who needed everything explained to him detail after detail "Phoebe was born in Kentucky, her mom is from there, she goes there to visit family. Phoebe is also Japanese, her father is Japanese, and she goes to Japan to visit her family and to be part of her culture. Phoebe's best friend is Helga; Helga moved to Russia, Phoebe goes to Russia to see her best friend. And just in case it comes up, she has also been to France and Canada for some science stuff." He said matter-of-factly.

Gerald hadn't noticed but at the mention of Helga, Arnold's eyes went wide. He hadn't heard, seen, or really thought of Helga since 5th grade when she moved away. He was snapped out of his own thoughts when his best friend began leaning in closer with a strange look on his face. "So tell me Arnold, what's with the sudden interest in my love life?" The blonde boy shifted in his seat uncomfortably before saying, "Well, to be honest… I…" he paused for a moment and then began again, "Even though you go through all this stuff, you make your relationship work but for some reason none of mine can ever go right, I just don't get it."

Gerald then pulled away from Arnold and leaned against the back of his seat, then he said "Well, since we're being honest; Arnold you're a jerk." At that Arnold nearly fell out of his chair, "I'm WHAT?!" Gerald put up his hands in mock defense but continued "Don't get me wrong, you're a great guy. In fact, you're the nicest guy in town but, when it comes to girls, you're kind of a jerk." Arnold wanted to argue, about where was this coming from. He had been known for many things but being a jerk was definitely not one of them, but he said nothing.

Gerald could see that Arnold didn't know what he was talking about so he decided to proceed. "For example, Maria and Tommy broke up, she comes to you for comfort and instead you sleep with her." This time Arnold did speak "You can't count Maria, I was comforting her but then she came on to me, it was her idea!" Gerald merely shook his head in disapproval. "You know girls are vulnerable when they're sad, but you went ahead and lost your virginity to a girl who is in love with another guy." Arnold was still confused "How does that make me a jerk?" Gerald sighed heavily. "Think about it Arnold, you hooked up with this girl and then told her you wouldn't date her BECAUSE she was in love with Tommy. Luckily Tommy never found out and they got back together but that was messed up."

Arnold realized that Gerald was right, but they had been in the moment and he wasn't thinking clearly until they had finished. He had messed up, he knew it, but that didn't make him a jerk. In fact, he and Maria were still good friends. But then Gerald threw Arnold completely off guard with his next sentence. "Not to mention Gloria." Now Arnold was getting upset. "I didn't do anything to Gloria, we just broke up." Again Gerald shook his head in disapproval. "You and Gloria were together for two years, and then randomly I hear her telling Phoebe that you just kicked her out of bed and dumped her. That's bold, even for you." Arnold put his head down and the two friends were quiet. Then it was Arnold's turn to laugh.

He laughed so hard and for so long that Gerald grew more and more uncomfortable. "Is that what she told her?" He straightened his back and continued. "We had only had sex twice before that day. We were in my room doing it and she starts screaming Stinky's name." Gerald's mouth dropped and his eyes grew wide. "Yep, and not just once like hiccup, she just blurted out STINKY, STINKY, I CAN'T TAKE ANYMORE OH STINKY. I pulled out and when she opened her eyes and saw my face, she gasped and covered her mouth. I told her to get out and she started crying. I told her I'd keep what happened a secret and to tell people whatever she wanted but that we were done." All Gerald could manage to say was "Dang. You're a bold kid Arnold, a bold kid." The bell rang and the two boys got up to go back to class. As Arnold grabbed his backpack he thought to himself, If she's telling people that, no wonder I can't get a girlfriend.

After the last bell rang Arnold walked to his locker and put his books away. His phone started to vibrate in his pocket. He pulled it out and saw that Gerald had sent him text:
Gotta get some stuff for camp. Meet me at Slausen's in two hours. Btw Phoebes parents already picked her up so don't worry about her.
Arnold put his phone back in his pocket and headed toward the parking lot. He got in his grandpa's Packard and drove to the Pier. He figured playing some arcade games would help kill time before he had to meet up with Gerald.

An hour and a half later, Arnold walked into Slausen's. The little bell chiming as he opened the door. He ordered a sundae and sat at a booth to wait for his best friend. Arnold had only been waiting about ten minutes when Gerald walked through the door causing the bell on top of the door to sound. Gerald quickly spotted his football-headed friend and took a seat across from him at the booth. Arnold looked up from his ice cream and handed Gerald a triangle shaped box he had hidden to his side. Gerald smiled and took the box; he knew right away what it was. "Sorry I didn't let you finish your lunch; I stopped by Antonio's on the way here and grabbed you a slice." Gerald lifted his fist to Arnold and they did their signature hand shake from when they were kids. He ate his pizza slice and the boys started to joke and chat. After about fifteen minutes Gerald got a call. The bell over the door sounded, people must have come in or gone out. Arnold watched as his friend carried on his conversation with the person on the phone. "Hey babe… Yea… we're at Slausen's… uh huh…. Ok….. WHAT?!...ok….. See you soon…. Love you too… bye." Arnold watched as his friend hung up his phone and put it on the table.

"Was that Phoebe?"

"Yep"

"Is everything okay?"

"Ummm"

"Is she pregnant?"

Gerald eyes nearly popped out of his head "No! Why would you ask me something like that?!" The bell sounded. Arnold laughed, "I don't know, you seemed surprised on the phone so I thought maybe that was why. If that's not it then is she going somewhere weird this summer? Somewhere you don't like?" Gerald relaxed and then answered Arnold's question. "No. Actually, she just told me that she isn't going anywhere this summer. She's staying in Hillwood." Arnold nodded at this. "Okay, I get it, some now you're freaked because of everything we talked about at lunch." The bell sounded. "No I was surprised because Phoebe said she would meet us here with…" Gerald was cut off by the sound of Phoebes voice "Hi guys." Gerald immediately scooted over and looked up. Arnold felt another presence standing at their booth, and as he turned his head to face whoever it was, he heard Gerald say "Long time no see, Helga."


First chapter kind of weird, I was trying to bring out tons of basic info in one go.



Review, correct, and suggest just please be nice about it.


>