



Years Later




Here is your summary: STORY ENDED! Helga chose her career! Ouch…



Authors note: I'm sure some of you were mad at the ending, but a strong girl like Helga doesn't need a man. Sometimes your dreams come first. I know some of you were like me and tired of Helga always running to Arnold the moment he snaps his fingers.



I do not own these characters, they belong to Craig Bartlett, and here we go.



Epilogue



There is no way


Arnold laid on his bed with his arms placed comfortably behind his head. He was 28 now and soon to be 29. He stared up at the ceiling reminiscing about the past. The moment that had changed his life and decided his future all those years ago.


It had been about two weeks since Arnold returned to Hillwood. Without saying a word, it had been obvious to everyone that whatever Helga had chosen to do, it didn't include Arnold. He told Gerald about what had happened and spent his days moping around the boarding house.

With no enthusiasm what so ever, Arnold changed out of his pajamas and made his way over to Gerald's house. School was starting Monday and he needed to pick up some things he had left there. Gerald hadn't been answering his phone and Arnold needed to get ready, it was already Sunday after all.

Phil had taken the Packard, so on top of everything else, Arnold had to walk. When he had almost arrived he saw his best friend on the stoop of his house talking with his girlfriend. They hadn't noticed him walking up and continued their conversation.

"How can you say that Phoebe?!"

Phoebe sighed in annoyance.

"I'm not saying that I'm Team Jessie, I'm just saying that from the looks of things, IF and I do mean IF, If Helga were to forgive either one of them, it would most likely be Jessie."

Arnold couldn't believe the words that had just left Phoebe's mouth. They had stopped him in his tracks.


Jessie? How could that be? He cheated on her!


"Are you crazy? He cheated on her!" Gerald exclaimed, expressing Arnold's own thoughts.

"I know this; I also know it was a horrible thing to do. However, good people can make mistakes. Arnold made mistakes. The difference between Jessie and Arnold is that Jessie doesn't give up at the first sign of trouble. THAT is why I believe he has a better chance." Phoebe stated matter of factly.


What?! I don't give up easy! I saved the freaking neighborhood! That wasn't easy!


"Come on Pheebs, the neighborhood wouldn't even be here if Arnold gave up easily." Gerald stated in defense.


Wow Gerald, you really are my best friend. It's like you can read my mind. I owe you.


"If you want to get technical, Helga was deep voice. So without her, your efforts would have been fruitless. Returning to the topic at hand, Arnold doesn't give up when he truly cares about something. He must not care for Helga then, because even without asking you I'm one hundred percent sure that Arnold has not tried contacting her since he's been back."


I'm heartbroken Phoebe! Tell her Gerald!


Gerald looked at his girlfriend for a moment before nodding. "You're right. He hasn't"


What the hell Gerald?!


"Jessie sees Helga every day, they share a passion, and they share ambition. He is going to use that to his advantage and try to win her back. Arnold is just making it easier for him by not putting up a fight." Phoebe said casually.

Gerald nodded in agreement and then reached his hand into his pocket. "Shit! I left my phone inside. Let's go in. I'll make you lunch."

Gerald stood up and helped his girlfriend stand. They walked inside with their fingers laced together. They never even noticed Arnold standing not even 10 feet away.

Arnold stood there speechless as he reviewed the conversation he had just overheard in his head. They were right. He was doing it again. Giving up without even trying. Arnold turned around and sprinted back home.


Not again. This time it'll be different.



That night Arnold sent a letter to Helga. He explained to her that he understood her decision but he also didn't want to lose her again. She wrote back to him. He emailed her. She emailed back. They Skyped and called one another.

Everything, as friends.

Arnold joined the Dual Enrollment program at school and began preparing for the career he had finally decided on. He was going to be a photographer.

He invited Helga to his graduation but she couldn't attend. She did however send him a gift. Arnold had unwrapped the paper to reveal a little pink book. The title on the book was Little Pink Book by Helga G. Pataki. Inside was Helga's signature where she wrote:



The first Edition for the one who was my muse and original inspiration. Helga G. Pataki.



Arnold nearly cried. After he finished all his schooling and was a legitimate Professional Photographer, Arnold received a job at National Geographic. Arnold took amazing photos and that was why his photos were always the cover of the magazine.

Arnold spent a whole year taking photos in San Lorenzo. He captured the beauty of the Jungle for work and looked for signs of his parents for himself. He never found them, but at least he tried.

He sent letters and photos to Helga and she in return sent him her published works and photos of her performances along with any critic reviews. Whether it was good or bad, she sent it to him.

Arnold wasn't stupid, he'd read the reviews or looked at the pictures and would see Jessie's name either written in the article or just see him in the photo. He never asked her of their status and she never volunteered the information.

Arnold had learned Russian for Helga, he wanted to read the reviews and understand exactly what they were saying. He had started taking the classes in High school and occasionally she would teach him words through their letters. He couldn't speak it very well but he understood almost everything.

Their relationship continued like this for some time. Both blondes traveling and fulfilling their dreams.

9 years after Helga had chosen her careers over love, she sent Arnold a letter telling him that she would be performing her last show in Spain in one month. After which, she would try to become a dance teacher and continue to write her poetry.

For the first time in 9 years, Arnold saw his opening.


Helga felt a moment of Deja vu wash over her as she stood on stage staring at the oblong headed man in the first row. Jessie was holding her hand as they bowed, accepting the applause from their performance. This time she was the Swan Princess.

She hadn't seen this man in almost 10 years and he was even more handsome than she could have ever imagined.

As if repeating the past, Helga came down in full costume to confront her ruggedly handsome childhood friend.

They went out for dinner, laughing and dancing the night away. It was almost 4 am when they began making their way toward Helga's luxury hotel room.

They stopped in front of her door unsure of what to say. Finally, Arnold grabbed Helga's hand and looked deeply into her sapphire blue eyes.

"Helga. I know I wasn't the smartest guy growing up. I made mistakes and I blew chances. I'm not even sure if you're in a relationship right now. All I know is that I love you. I never stopped loving you. I thought about you every single moment of the last 9 years. I know this should be the part where I ask if we can start dating, but in all honesty Helga I don't want to date you."

Helga seemed surprised at Arnold's words, and extremely offended.

"The reason I don't want to date you Helga, is because you date someone so you can get to know them. I already know you. I know your good side and your bad side. I know you through your dancing, I know you through your writing, and I know you by the look in your eyes."

Helga blushed as Arnold squeezed her hand a bit more firmly.

"This is the first time I've seen you in so long, so this might seem crazy but I know what I want and I know what I don't want. I want you and I don't want to waste any more time."

Arnold lowered himself to the ground and reached into his pocket. He held up his hand to reveal a white gold ring with a large Oval cut ruby. Around the ruby where tiny diamonds that accented the beauty of the ruby. It was simple and gorgeous just like Helga. Her eyes widened and her mouth dropped.

"Helga Geraldine Pataki… Will you marry me?"


The wedding venue was large. All the members of the ballet attended the event. The groom stood at the alter nervously playing with a piece of paper in which he had written his vows. His best man and also best friend placed a firm but reassuring hand on the groom's shoulder.

The music began to play and the doors opened, a small girl appeared in a light pink dress. She littered flowers on the floor as she made her way up the aisle.

Everyone stood as the bride appeared. Her beautiful eyes filled with happiness stared directly into the eyes of the man she loved. The man who was soon to be her husband.

She too made her way down the aisle, her arm linked with that of her father and took her spot in front of the man whose last name she would soon share. Handing her bouquet of flowers to her maid of honor she gripped his hands lovingly.

Everyone was seated and the man standing at the podium began to speak.

"We are gathered her today to join this man and this woman in holy matrimony."

The man recited the regular marriage routine and then closed his book.

"Now I'm told the couple has prepared their own vows. Let's start with the groom."

The groom blinked before realizing that he was meant to go first. He held up his paper but then crumbled it in his hand and placed it in his pocket.

He looked up into his soon to be bride's eyes.

"I love you. I never meant to fall in love with you, but I did. I'm not perfect and I never will be, but you make me strive to be better. You however are perfect. Perfect to me. I love all your perfect imperfections. I love the way you get mad and I love the way you laugh. I'm not saying that our life together will be easy but I know that as long as we are together, we can work through the hard times and continue to make each other happy. You are my everything. I love you."

There were some Aww's that could be heard from the audience and the bride herself was blinking back tears, refusing to let them fall. His speech had touched her heart and reassured her that she was making the right decision.

The bride cleared her throat and looked back into the eyes of her groom.

"I never thought I could be loved by someone as remarkable as you. No picture, painting, sculpture, or written word can express how beautiful you are in my eyes. I have never loved someone as much as I love you. I'm so happy to be sharing this moment with you. Even if you are a dork."

The audience chuckled to themselves.

The man at the podium smiled at the two lovebirds.

"Do you Dzhessi Ovcharenko take this woman to be your lawfully wedded wife? To have and to hold, from this day forward, for richer or poorer, in sickness and in health, for as long as you both shall live?"

"I do" Jessie said as he smiled at his beautiful bride.

"And do you, Eden Spring Buyno take this man to be your lawfully wedded husband? To have and to hold, from this day forward, for richer or poorer, in sickness and in health, for as long as you both shall live?"

"I do." Eden said with butterflies filling her chest.

"Then by the power invested in me I now pronounce you man and wife. You may kiss the bride."

The two leaned in and gave a passionate but short kiss.

Sasha, as the best man, clapped and hollered. He turned to see his wife Nina crying happily with their one year old son in her arms. Beside her was Helga who smiled proudly and clapped for her two close friends and fellow dancers on their special day.

Eden was a wonderful person. She was originally from the states like Helga. Eden told corny jokes every single day and could draw amazing works of art. She, Nina and Helga had become fast friends. You could see the electricity in their eyes the day Eden and Jessie had met. Helga noticed the instant chemistry and had made it her mission to get them together.

It was difficult at first. Jessie was devoted to winning Helga back. She had to make it very clear that while she forgave him and accepted him as a friend, she would never trust him enough to be with him again. A year later Jessie asked Eden out on a date and they had been inseparable ever since.

Eden threw her bouquet and it landed directly in Helga's lap. Her eyes widened as she stared at the flowers that had magically appeared in front of her.

A hand reached out for Helga's and she held it tightly. She smiled lovingly at the man to which the hand belonged.

She was next.


Arnold smiled to himself as the memories flowed through his mind. He turned to the beautiful blonde nestled beside him and placed a gentle hand on her enormous rounded belly.

"I love you Helga" He whispered as he shut his eyes.

"I always will"


"Attention class, the results for this semesters class rankings are going to be posted in the hall tomorrow morning."

Almost the entire class sighed.

"Now now, don't be discouraged. You are all students of Oxford University. The best of the Best. No matter your rank, remember that you are still better than everyone else."

The classroom erupted into laughter. Mr. Hemsworth was an amazing instructor and practically everyone loved him.

"The rankings will be of all my classes put together, so you are competing with more than just the students in your own class. Do not be discouraged, merely strive to improve. Class dismissed."

The class began chatting amongst themselves. They were Mr. Hemsworth's last class of the day so they were in no rush to exit the classroom.

"Ugh… What's the point of even trying?" said a boy with messy black hair and dark brown eyes.

The taller boy seated beside him rolled his powder blue eyes. "It's really not that serious Adam. Just continue to do your best." He said as he ran his fingers through his neatly trimmed blonde hair.

"That's easy for you to say Danny. You're always number one." Adam responded as he placed his books into his bag.

Danny chuckled. "That's because I study instead of playing video games all night."

Adam rolled his eyes and the two stood up before heading back to the dormitory.


Danny was excited to see the results of his class rankings the next morning. Each teacher would have it up and he was hoping to be number one in every class just like he was last year. If he was being honest with himself, he secretly wanted to be number one through his entire college experience. There were no classes today but everyone would be at school to check their rank.

He walked to his first class with a smile and a pep in his step. The board was surrounded by students who were eager to see where they stood amongst their peers.

Danny squeezed his way in and began looking for his name. Whether it was habit or simple curiosity, Danny always found himself starting from the bottom.

His eyes traveled over the sea of names. When he reached number 22 he smiled, Adam Hinton. His best friend had made it into the top 25. He continued his search for himself, his heart beat increasing rapidly as he approached the top of the list.

Danny froze when he came across his name. There it was, DANIIL PAVLOV number 2.

Daniil was frozen solid, he couldn't believe it. He was no longer number 1. Just then he realized something. He looked back up at the board.

Robin Peterson



Who the heck is Robin Peterson? I pretty much know everyone who has the same classes as me. I've never seen this guy's name before.





Maybe it's a mistake.



It wasn't a mistake.

Every class Danny went to had Robin's name as number one and his as number two. Danny was freaking out. He was furious.

Robin's name wasn't even in the top ten last year, Danny knew because he had memorized the names of the competition.



He must be cheating. There is no way he could just shoot past everyone like this. There is just no way.





If Michael or Carl had passed him, he would understand. They were always right on his tail; he worked extremely hard to maintain his lead.



Danny made it to Mr. Hemsworth's class. It was his favorite class of all and he knew he had to be number one.

He looked up and his eyes went straight to the top two spots on the list.

ROBIN PETERSON

DANIIL PAVLOV

Danny's eyes widened and his mouth dropped.

"Wow Robin! Number one again." Danny heard Sara Thompson squeal excitedly.

Danny turned around immediately and scanned the crowd for Sara. He found her and began pushing his way toward her.

"Yeah Peterson, I'm impressed. You're the smartest kid I've ever met." Timothy said.

Danny reached the crowd just as Timothy was stepping away, clearing an opening for Danny to come face to face with the one person to have surpassed him in his entire life.

"Willikers, y'all are ever so sweet. I just did my very best."

Danny ceased all movement when the gentle sound touched his ears. His eyes traveled downward. Beautiful dark copper hair waving down a slender back. Bright hazel eyes and freckled cheeks.

She was gorgeous.

The girl looked at the new member in their circle.

"Well hi there." She said in that beautiful voice of hers. All Daniil could think of was that her voice sounded like honey. It was sweet and rich, not too high pitched like some girls and also not too thick. She spoke calmly and allowed each word to pass through her soft lips without being rushed.

The group turned to stare at Daniil who had yet to respond to the greeting.

He blinked and extended his hand. "Hello, I'm Daniil Pavlov. I don't believe we've met."

The girl smiled and took his hand in her own. There was a spark between them and the two let go immediately.

The girl shook her hand for a moment and giggled. "Ouch, static. I'm Robin Peterson. I just started school here this year."


Danny and Robin began spending a lot of time together. She helped him improve on his already spectacular grades and their class ranking would often switch between the two of them.

Danny had kept his feelings secret for a long time. It was Adam who allowed it to slip. Luckily for Daniil, Robin felt the same and the two started dating. They dated for the next 3 years and were very happy together.

Daniil sent letters to his parents about his school work and about Robin. He told them about how smart she was, how kind, he told them about how beautiful she was and how in love with her he was.

He had never had a chance to meet her parents but he secretly found their address and sent them a letter.

In this letter he told Robin's parents of what his relationship with their daughter meant to him. He expressed his goals and ambitions and how they involved Robin. He sent them proof of his spectacular grades and job offers that had been presented to him even though he had not yet graduated. He told them how much he loved her and asked for their blessing to propose.

Danny wasn't sure if they had ever received his letter, because after a month there was still no reply. He worked harder than ever before so that in his next letter, he would have an even better resume to present to them.

He never got to send that letter.

3 months after he had sent the first letter, he received a reply.

Permission granted.

Daniil proposed to Robin and she said yes. She'd never been so happy.


The wedding was to take place in London. The bride and the groom had never met the other's parents before today. They had spoken over the phone many times and had sent letters, but had never met face to face. In fact, they had never even seen pictures.

Robin's parents were the first to arrive at the rehearsal dinner. Daniil introduced himself and immediately won them over. They had already known him in a sense, so accepting him was a rather easy thing to do.

Not long after, Daniil's parents had arrived.

"Mom! Dad!" Daniil called happily.

"My baby!" said his mother, pulling him into a warm embrace.

Daniil's father chuckled. "Now Olga, he is most certainly not a baby. We're at his wedding."

Olga held her son tightly. "He'll always be my baby. Just as you will always be my love."

Daniil pushed himself away from his mother. "Come, I would like for you to meet Robin."

Daniil led the way into the dining hall and Robin ran right over. "Mother, Father, this is Robin." Robin smiled brightly. "It's ever so nice to meet you." She said as she curtsied politely.

Olga froze. This girl looked so much like Lila it was scary. While the color was different, she had the same long and wavy hair. She was just as slender as Lila but taller than she would have pictured Lila to be at her age. She had the same face as Lila's but with much brighter eyes. Even the freckles on her face matched. The thing that scared Olga the most was her way of speaking. The voice was different but her speech pattern was nearly exactly the same.

"It's wonderful to finally meet you Robin." Lev said as he wrapped her into a hug. "Olga and I feel as though we already know you so well."

Robin smiled before turning to Olga who had been quiet.

"You're so beautiful." Olga said as she too embraced the girl.

Daniil smiled. This was going so smoothly.

"Let me introduce you to her parents." Daniil said as he began leading the way.

The group turned to follow him and Olga became lost in her thoughts.



There is no way. It's impossible. I was already pregnant when I got to Hillwood. Lila had never been with anyone but me. Robin is only a couple months younger than Daniil. Lila would have had to have gotten pregnant the same month that I left. She was heartbroken, there is no way.





Not to mention that Daniil attended school in Russia and Lila lived in America. Robin would had to have skipped at least 2 grades. Oh my goodness! Robin is extremely smart. It's possible.



Olga shook her head.



There is just no possible way that she would have a child that attends the same University as my child and that they would be getting married. There is just no way.



"Mom, Dad, this is Robin's father Stanley Peterson." Daniil said gesturing to the man walking toward them.

"Willikers, I reckon I dun told you to call me Stinky. Everybody does; Stinky Peterson."

Olga's eyes shot open.

No. No. No.



Lev extended his hand. "I'm Lev Pavlov, it's a pleasure."

Daniil nodded before turning to his mother. "And this is my mom."

Stinky turned to face the woman at Lev's side. His eyes shooting open as well.

"Willikers! Ms. Olga, I reckon I haven't seen you in ages." Stinky said wrapping Olga in his arms.



There is no way this can be happening.



"It's so great to see you again Stinky!" Olga said desperately hoping to awaken from her nightmare.

Lev, Robin and Daniil exchanged looks. "I grew up in the same neighborhood as Stinky. He was in the same class as my baby sister Helga. I even taught his class at one point." Olga explained to their confused family members.

Just then they heard footsteps coming from around the corner. "I'm ever so sorry for making you all wait; I had to run to the little girl's room."

A beautiful woman with short, wavy auburn hair appeared. She smiled brightly as she made her way over. "I'm Lila Peterson. It's ever so nice to make your acquaintance."



Fuck.





Authors note:



DONE!



~The End~



I made Arnold work for it for 9 freaking years! What did you guys think of the story? Did you like how destiny brought Olga and Lila back together? I love this story and I love all the people who supported this story and motivated me to keep going. I want to thank those of you who stayed following this story even when my health was bad and the updates were slow.



I have a new Hey Arnold story already thought up. It's PROBABLY going to be called "Jungle Fever". I'm thinking of writing the whole story first before posting it. We'll see.



Hope you guys will enjoy that one too.



Now that the story is officially over, PLEASE review.



P



L



E



A



S



E



.



R



E



V



I



E



W



AND FAVORITE THIS STORY TOO!


>