


Hello there. Recently I watched the second Hobbit-movie and it left me speechless. It really was a great movie and although I know a few people that still argue about love-scenes and other little details, this was by far one of the best movies I have seen so far. So I was looking up stories here on fanfiction and thought that it would be a good idea to share some of my thoughts with all of you. So please be aware that there will be S
poilers of the second movie
!



I listened to the soundtrack of Gandalfs fall in the Lord of the Rings, it always gets me on the verge of tears.



Disclaimer: I don't own the characters, they belong to the great master Tolkien and Peter Jackson.



Now, enough with my rambling.



Have fun



- Your FMC




The soft glimmer of hope


He did not know how they had ended up like this. Never, in all his darkest nightmares he would have ever imagined something like this. Never.

He tried to stand up from where he sat in the remains of the house that had belonged to Bard the boatman. Nothing much was left but still burning pieces of wood and black smoke that fled in the darkness of the night. Without them.

He could hear the people of Laketown screaming in fear and agony. How many had already fallen? Those were no fighters, just ordinary people that lived far away from wars and monsters. But what did peace of people mattered to him? To Smaug…?

As he looked around, he felt as if time was going slow, as if he had to remember every single detail about the whole disaster that happened right in front of his very eyes. He had never been in a war, nor did he feel the need to, but he could imagine that this right now would be by far the most sorrowful scenario he would ever remember.

Houses were crashing in the depth of the lake, taking a few more lives with them to the bottom in the darkness of the oblivion. What once had been a village full of life and people that despite their miserable situation, had always found a reason to smile. Now there were just screams and fire. Above the death that caught so many innocent souls flew the creator of all the chaos with large wings, angry eyes and a voice that screamed the same sentence over and over again.

"I will show you revenge!"

He did not know what the monster was talking about but it did not matter to him. Suddenly a new breath of fire made its way in his direction. At the last second he found a large piece of wood that he used as a shield against the fire, but ended up getting burned nevertheless. He would have budged if he would have had the chance to, but there was no way he could do that in his current state. He tried to black out his pain in his legs. Looking down while gritting his teeth he tried again to free his legs from the rubble that had him trapped but to no avail. Sinking against one of the last wooden pillars he tried to catch his breath while looking up at the sky that was clouded by fire and smoke.

He had no idea where his brother was. His heart felt heavy when he thought back when their reunion had been interrupted brutally by fire and the plan for vengeance. Kili had just woken up when the house had been smashed by a giant tale. The last thing he could remember was that the she-elf had stepped in front of Kili to shield him from whatever would come their way. That was his job... Shaking his head with a bitter smile, he closed his eyes. He would have been no help to his dear brother in his current state. He could just hope that they were all alright. Not only his brother and Tauriel but also their dwarf friends Bofur and Oin as well as the children of Bard. A dark shadow flew over his head and he held his breath. It was stupid. Even if Smaug would not kill him with one of his fire breaths, there was still fire everywhere and he felt the temperature around him rise already with every small breath he took.

Turning his head to one side he tried to make out the Lonely Mountain. Their destination. Their kingdom. Their home. Did his uncle and the others fail? Was this the reason Smaug was here now and causing havoc?

Again he felt his heart sink in his chest. Sorrow and fear took over and for the first time for his already long life, he felt the urge to cry. Had all this been for nothing? Why was all this happening now? Even if he had wanted to supress it, he could not stop one tear that rolled over his dirty cheek and leaving a cold trail behind. Suddenly he felt there was no air left; every breath he took filled his lungs with smoke and fear. He was scared. Just when he was about to lose his sense, he heard someone coughing.

He wanted to say something, he wanted to scream for help but his mouth was dry and his lungs hurt from the smoke and the cold nightair that bit his eyes. Summoning his last strength he ignored his raspy throat and screamed, while ignoring the fact that he would make himself a perfect target for the dragon that was still looming over the burning city and hiding the moon.

The cough had stopped for a second and Fili held his breath, scared that if he would let it go, the person would flee. But after what felt like centuries, he heard someone coming closer until he came face to face with that person. A sigh of relief left his chapped lips and was taken away by the nightwind to the glowing stars beyond the smoke.

"Master Fili!"

As if she had just now recognized him, she ran towards him. He could see her limping a little and although he wanted to ask her if she was alright, she beat him to it. Kneeling beside him while analysing the situation, she cleared her throat which must have hurt like his own.

"Can you still feel your legs?"

He was not one to joke in this situation. His brother would likely make a stupid comment. Something about his legs not running away or that pain would only come for little princesses. Kili… He felt fear creeping up his toes again in order to reach his heart.

"Yes, a little."

His voice sounded hoarse and with every intake of air the smoke burned in his lungs and his eyes. To distract himself from the pain in his legs and the smoke-filled air, he eyed the young woman that was pondering over his current situation.

What was her name again? Sigrid… Her bun was loose and her face was dark from the ashes that rained from the sky. She had a cut on her left cheek and her hands looked as if she had had to free herself from something because her fingers were littered with cuts and bruises. Her dress was burned at a few places and she looked as if the only thing that kept her going was the adrenaline that pumped through her veins from the shock.

Before he could ask her about the others, she began to free him from the rubble as fast as she could. Who knew when Smaug would appear again? He tried to help her as best as he could, all the while thinking about his brother and his friends. It gave him strength he needed right now. From the corner of his eyes he looked at her from time to time. She was taking deep breaths, probably from exhaustion and her eyes darkened. Suddenly he asked himself, if he had ever seen her smile, since they had met. Her look had always been stern and mature, as if she was already twice her age, but he knew better. Those were the eyes of a child that had to mature fast in order to protect and care for younger siblings.

Sympathy rose in his still burning chest and as she was taking another deep breath, he gave her a thankful smile. It might look ridiculous, seeing as he was still not free and still did not know if their friends were all alright, but he could care less.

She looked surprised at first, probably because it looked kind of stupid but after a while she offered him a smile in return. There were no words, just two people understanding each other and offering support in form of a smile. At the moment, the screams of the townpeople sounded far away and the roar of the dragon was nothing more than a harmless thunder in the distance. He could be called stupid for those thoughts for all he cared. He suddenly knew, that it was still not over.

Looking at the young human woman who was again throwing wooden planks and charred pieces of furniture away from the pile of rubble that still covered his legs, he nodded to himself before helping her as fast as he could. He knew that there was still hope. It was small, nothing but a light glim in a smoke-filled future, but it was worth giving it a try.

When they had finally freed him from his cage, they made their way through the still burning city that drifted on the dark lake. It would not stand much longer and sooner or later it would sink into the abyss of the oblivion. Sigrid tried hard not to cry while she was supporting him on his still aching legs. They both looked around, still hoping that they would find a clue about their friends and family, while also praying that no one of the dead bodies that crossed their path was one of them. The smell of burned flesh and ashes burned in their noses and as she was beginning to shiver, he hugged her closer to himself.

"Don't look. Just keep walking. I will lead the way.", he whispered in her ear in the most soothing manner he could manage with his aching throat.

She didn't say anything but he knew that she was grateful for his help. So they kept on going through the remains of the once so brilliant Laketown. In the distance they could hear the last roar of the retreating dragon. As he left, the moon crept from behind the clouds of ashes and smoke, illuminating the battlefield. Silence had fallen upon them and just as Sigrid was about to ask him, about their friends and family, they could hear a faint call. Not too far away, they could see them on a boat, coming closer.

The hope had turned into a small flame.



I hope you liked it. Yeah I know, the character combination is somewhat strange but whatever, they would surely make good friends or something more, it's up to your imagination. If you find any mistakes, please let me know.



See you.



- Your FMC


>