


Hello there,




I am back with another chapter, which
might be the last for a long time
for now, as exams are coming up.



This one might be more romantic or friendship-like, but it's up to you to decide that. I want to take the chance to
thank you
all for your kind reviews and for following my story. It really makes me happy. :)




Disclaimer:
I don't own the characters, they belong to the great master Tolkien and Peter Jackson.



I hope you like it, enjoy!



- Your FMC




Reasons to smile


The first snowflakes had been caught in his blond hair, only to be blown away a few seconds later by the cold wind. He followed them with his gaze. The last sunrays had disappeared in the West and with the sun gone; the cold was creeping up from the floor with the growing shadows. The survivors had made their camp at the edge of the dark forest of Mirkwood but even though they all needed a rest after all that had happened the past hours, no one seemed to be able to catch some sleep. Originally they had wanted to make their camp further down but because they did not know if Smaug would return to cause havoc again, they had opted for the second choice although they knew that the forest also contained its share of possible dangers.

They had made only a few fires as to not draw too much attention, which resulted in many people shivering because of the cold. He mustered them for afar, leaning on a tree trunk, glad not being so sensitive to the cold as the Men. His brother, although still weak and obviously tired from the long walk, was sitting with Tauriel and the other dwarves around their one fire a little secluded from the others under a large oak tree. Kili was leaning on the she-elf who gave him a warm smile but he could see that she was tense because of their location. He did not know why she had come back: if it was only because of his brother or because of the orcs, but he was still grateful to have her in their rows, not only because of her fighting skills but she was also a huge help to Kili, even though he would never say that aloud.

His gaze drifted over Oin and Bofur who were talking under their breath and judging by the constant look at the Erebor not too far way, he could already tell what they had in mind. Shouldn't they depart as fast as possible to the Lonely Mountain? To help his uncle and their friends against that dragon? Looking down at his bandaged hands he sighed. He would be of no help in his current state and neither would his brother, who was still awfully pale. After his little encounter with Bard, his brother had yelled at him for being irresponsible and stupid, but he could only give him a smile. Those were the moments; he realized that his brother was still too young for all of this. But he could understand his concern for he always worried the same about his reckless brother.

It was not like him to sit apart from his brother and the other dwarves and especially the fire that would sooth his still aching muscles and his bruises, but he needed to sort his thoughts out before joining them. It had taken him one night to feel he had aged 70 years. Was this because of the weight of responsibility? He was not sure but he knew that the last events had scarred him for the rest of his life. The fear of losing his brother as well as his friends and the fight against an angry man who had lost his home were now notched in his memories like dwarf-runes on a tombstone.

Another sight escaped his still busted lip and he closed his eyes for a second, when he was suddenly startled by steps approaching him. He could imagine who was coming, but was surprised when Tauriel was standing next to him. She looked exhausted and still restless, perhaps because of the forest.

"Your brother is constantly nagging me to bring you over. He would have done it himself but his leg needs to rest and I am running out of arguments to hold him down."

Fili grinned. That sounded like something his brother would do.

"Forgive me for I have left you alone with this heavy burden with no beard."

She seemed to relax because of his joke and he realized that this was the first time they were actually talking to each other. Although he had been suspicious about her, for she was an elf, he had forgotten every prejudice when he had seen how she had healed his brother. This was a woman who had made her choice and had stayed behind to heal a dwarf. Nothing mattered beside that. No race. No age.

"I will come in a few seconds but I don't think you will have problems convincing him."

She must have noticed the teasing glint in his eyes for she only shook her head to return to the campfire, leaving him in a more comfortable silence which was only disturbed by Bofur's laughs because of Kili's and Tauriel's bickering.

Shaking his head over the strange couple, he closed his eyes for a few moments before joining them when he felt another presence not too far away from him. Opening his eyes and instantly reaching for his sword, he turned to the person who had sneaked up on him, only to come face to face with a slightly scared Sigrid. She had backed away a few steps as to avoid being slashed by the dwarf, who instantly put his sword away, gritting his teeth when he noticed that a few wounds had reopened because of his sudden move.

"Forgive me."

He had wanted to add that he felt bad for scaring her but he had a feeling, that she would deny her sudden fear, so he kept silent.

She straightened her shoulders and came closer. He could see that she was still tense. Even though everyone around them looked close to fainting because of exhaustion and hours of crying, she still looked fine. But it seemed like another brave façade of her. There was no way he could look behind her mask of pride on her face.

"I just wanted to take a look at your wounds."

Fili looked down at his arms again to raise and show her the bandages. She looked surprised and there was also something he could not quite put his finger on.

"Thanks but there's no need. Oin has already treated them.", he smiled, appreciating her offer.

She nodded while constantly looking at his eyes, before biting her lip and looking away when he was about to catch her gaze. It was then that he realized that her question had been more than simple courtesy. She had wanted to talk to him.

"I see. Have a good rest."

She turned and was about to disappear in the darkness when he called her name. Sigrid looked back over her shoulder and it could be the dark playing a trick on his mind, but he swore he saw her face relaxing with relief when she came back to him.

He offered her a place next to him on the root of the tree which she accepted with a nod. As she sat next to him, he leant back against the trunk to gaze at the stars again. Sigrid followed his gaze and did the same. They stayed in comfortable silence for a while, when she finally took her courage and broke the quietness.

"You will leave tomorrow? To the mountain?"

He chuckled quietly which earned him a surprised look from the young woman. Was she a mind reader?

"Honestly? I was just thinking about that when you came."

She looked back to the stars to avoid his eyes because she knew that it had been her fault for sneaking up to a warrior and distracting him. Fili did the same and a sigh escaped his lips.

"That was our plan. I don't know if my uncle and the others are still alive but even if they had found death in our old halls, I will not rest until that dragon finds his doom through my sword."

It was a foolish thought, as a dragon could only be killed by a black arrow, but she did not dare remind him of that fact. He turned his face to her with a tired smile.

"It may sound stupid that we want to conquer that mountain and kill that dragon, as we are only a few dwarves.."

He faced the stars again, feeling her eyes examining his profile.

"But that's the only thing we have left. My ancestors lived there and brought much gold to the surface to provide for my kin. I just want to see the great halls once in my life. I want to see where my kin has lived before all the fire had fallen upon them."

His voice had dropped and was nothing more than a whisper. Sigrid kept quiet, still looking at him as if she was trying to memorize his face.

Eventually her eyes strayed up to the stars.

"It's not foolish to feel homesick."

Homesick.

"You might be right…", he whispered deep in thought.

He did not want to press that matter further as she herself had lost her home only hours ago. Silence had again fallen upon them and when he saw her shivering in her dress and simple coat, he sat closer to her to provide her with some warmth. Sigrid did not seem to mind at all. If he dared to say, she looked even content with the close proximity.

"It might surprise you, but we dwarves are extremely hot-blooded."

She laughed silently at his joke, still watching the night sky.

"I have to disappoint you, for that was the first I have noticed about your kin."

It had been the first time hearing her laugh and although the circumstances might not call for a laugh, he knew that it might help to cope with everything. She turned back to him, questions about his kin on her lips, but they all died at the sight of him. He smiled gently at her and suddenly every thought had escaped her mind. Fili ignored his aching muscles and caressed her cheek with great care as if not to hurt her with his calloused fingers.

"Never forget how to laugh."

His voice was nothing more than a deep rumble. Something you would hear under a mountain only to freeze in admiration of the sound. She realized that she held her breath and was about to let it go, to say something, anything, when she could hear her father calling her name from afar.

Fili stood up to stretch his sore muscles the best he could without worsening his wounds, before offering her a hand to get up, which she took without hesitation. They stood in front of each other and he could see that she had not said everything that was on her mind. He felt bad for not telling her, that he had decided to leave early the next morning to complete their quest but there was no way he could tell her that right now. Not after hearing her laugh.

"Be safe, Sigrid."

She looked confused and seemed to notice that something was wrong, but she did not ask, instead she gave him one last genuine smile before vanishing in the dark.

"You too, Master Fili."

His muscles might hurt and his body might feel tired but as he made his way to his brother and the others, the greatest pain came from his heart, that ached for letting something go, that had been a treasure itself.



Yeah it's rather cheesy at the end, but I can imagine Fili, being such a fine dwarf, that he doesn't want to sadden Sigrid. I must say that writing about her is really difficult as we have only seen very few scenes about her and I don't know if I am making her OOC, but well it can't be helped. Same goes for Fili, who unfortunatley had only a few moments of screentime, but well it gives enough room for our imagination, don't you think?


For all the Tauriel/Kili- fans out there, I think that they make a really great couple, and well I am glad that Peter Jackson put such a fine elf in the movie. I hope you liked the little moments I wrote of them in my story.



Thank you for giving my story a try!



- Your FMC


>