

Hey guys its been a while hasn't it? Well this is the last chapter and will include some Charlie abuse, so I hope you enjoy the last installment of this sortofish exciting but very angsty story!


It had been several months since Christmas and the weather was just starting to get a little warmer and the flowers and plants were just starting to push their way back into the world. Unfortunately for Charlie he was sitting in his office having to miss out on the worlds rebirth and the beginning of spring. It surprised him the amount of paperwork that went with police work. He couldn't help but wonder why he had thought this was such a cool job when he was a kid. Charlie was growing extremely bored especially since Dani hadn't come in yet so he began to doodle on his post-it-notes drawing what looked to be misshapen plants and flowers. He became so immersed with this current project that he failed to hear Reese as she came up behind him.

"Is that supposed to be a flower?"

Charlie didn't answer but continued meticulously drawing the spring scene.

"It kinda looks like a dead guy"

"We see what our eyes always want and what our hearts cry to speak"

Charlie said this continuing to draw. Dani raised her eyebrows.

"You know I don't think I am ever going to understand what goes in your head let alone what comes out of you mouth"

Charlie stopped drawing and just turned around and smiled. Dani shook her head and walked over to her desk. As she sat down her mouth pulled into an unpleasant frown.

"Dang I forgot about all the paperwork. Can't God just let someone else do it!"

Charlie was about to open his mouth but Tidwell walked in stopping both of them.

"We got a body down on Weber st.. The forensics team already sent in a report so I want you two to check it out but pull out of there fast and get this case wrapped up we're behind on our filing and the district attorney has been on my ass this whole morning about it. So work some magic and get it done."

Charlie and Dani exchanged a look as Tidwell walked away. He was in a crabby mood. Both of them however jumped up at the opportunity to escape paperwork even if for just a couple of days.


The body that was in front of them was very fresh, dead maybe three hours from what the forensics said. It was as usual a young female around her late 20's left in her frontroom with three bullet wounds riddling her chest. The scene seemed climatically cliche. Some of the furniture had been over turned the neighbors claimed to have heard her arguing with her boyfriend when some shots were fired followed by a long silence. The cops had arrived but the boyfriend was gone.

Dani grimaced and shook her head.

"To think that petty stuff leads to such serious stuff, I bet he caught her cheating or vice versa."

Charlie didn't respond but continued looking around the crime scene. Dani acted as if he had spoke and continued the conversation.

"Well we better put out an arrest warrant and call the family"

Charlie still didn't answer and Dani turned to look at him. He held up a sticky note as if proving a point. She raised her eyebrows giving him a look asking what?

"I think I know where the boyfriend is"


The address on the sticky note led them to another apartment this time on the less attractive side of town. They both got out of the car and Charlie went to the back to get the bullet proof vests. Dani however stopped him.

"Do you really think our perp is going to run off to a random address you found on a sticky note?"

Charlie didn't say anything at first but he stood at the trunk looking at her with an expressionless face. Dani shot him a skeptical look when he wouldn't budge. Charlie didn't argue and Dani frowned as he stepped toward the apartment still silent. It had been weird between them for the last couple of months and Charlie was often completely silent. It was weird to have switched roles. Charlie was usually the talkative one.

They walked into the complex walking up dirty stairs into an even dirtier hallway. They went to the door on the note and Charlie knocked. The door was opened by a crazed looking man who's hands were covered in blood. He was holding a gun and it was immediately drawn up and pointed at the two cops. Before either of them could draw their weapons he fired at the more intimidating of the targets and dashed past the cops. Charlie dropped to the ground blood pouring from the left of his chest right where his lung was. Dani turned drawing her weapon and fired three shots all of them striking the murderer. Once the perp was on the ground most likely dead Dani turned to attend to Charlie.

His breathing was harsh and she pulled out her radio and radioed it in. Then Dani began administering the basic first aid. Always start with the ABC's. Airway, breathing, compressions. She tried to avoid looking at Charlies face. It was so full of fear and pain she could see that he was somewhere else his eyes glazed over. Dani continued the first aid as if in a trance. She kept trying to compartamentalize not think about what was happening.

Finally the paramedics arrived and swept Crews away. She was left there with Tidwell hanging over her and blood coating her hands.


The man had died. Reese's shooting had been straight and true. And now she was sitting in Crew's hospital room her hands with nothing to do and her mind with nothing to occupy it. She wanted Charlie to wake up. She willed it with her entire being. But fate wasn't forgiving and made her sit there thinking back on all her times with Charlie. Somehow guilt became an overriding emotion as she reviewed memories where Charlie had let his facade slip and showed how completely alone and miserable he was. She had kicked him to the side and now he was dying in some stupid hospital because she hadn't listened to her partner when he had tried to fufill the safety protocol. She corrected herself quickly as she reminded herself that the doctors had informed her that despite severe lung damage he would be fine and to give him time to heal and wake up on his own.

Dani frowned and rubbed her brow as she remembered all the times she had been so unpleasant to him and for once she dwelt on the fact that he had no one besides the other ex-convict and the few people at work who cared a little about him. He had no one and she hadn't seen it. She felt inadequate as a partner. He probably thought she hated him. I mean she had tazed him and told him to suck up a concussion and multiple other wounds telling him in an obscure or sometimes not so obscure way that it was his fault. She had been a horrible partner and she was finding it difficult to think of a way to remedy that. And that was when Charlie woke up his blue eyes opening in a groggy medicated confusion. But somehow he narrowed in on her face and held her gaze and smiled in genuine happiness. Happiness that someone was finally there for him and happiness that his partner was looking on with care and concern and an awareness of what she'd done wrong. And as Dani saw him look at her and realize that she realized that he forgave her for everything. Dani smiled making a silent contrite promise to care and be there for her partner. And Charlie smiled back.

>