

Disclaimer: I do not own Shugo Chara. If I did things would be different –
much
different. This is mainly a Rima story but there's Rimahiko so please do enjoy!

Summary: There's something wrong with Rima. Lately, she hasn't been quite herself and these nightmares – they're out to kill her.

Rating: T for language and scary situations.



りま



Rima




Prologue



...



Was this what it felt like to die?




Body


jostling about, Rima clutches a handful of her turquoise dress, eyes narrowed into tiny slits, lips drawn tight. The train screeches to a stop then and she looks up, golden eyes flitting about the empty train cart.



"Last stop," crackles over the intercom and peering out the window, Rima stares into a dark expanse of nothingness. Was this where the newly deceased winded up? She swallows hard, her grip on her dress tightening as the train's doors swing open and shakily Rima gets to her feet.



She doesn't know where she's going. She has no clue what lies on the other side of those doors but she knows she can't stay here. She can't keep riding this train. It was time to face reality and reality said that Mashiro Rima was dead.



Blinking back tears, she moves forward, straw coloured hair spilling over her shoulders as her wobbly legs guide her toward the exit. Rima lingers in the doorway; hot air caressing her cheeks – vision swimming. There's no turning back now, the second she stepped out through those doors that would be the end of her.



Terrified, she stumbles back, heart thumping against her chest, breathing labored. "I...can't," she breathes shaking her head about as tears well up in her large eyes. She hunkers down then, wrapping scrawny arms around her legs – face buried in her kneecaps.



"I can't go." She whispers, body shuddering as she sobs. She doesn't move and when the doors swing shut and the train lurches forward she topples over.



Hand shooting outward, Rima grabs for the nearest pole. It's freezing cold to the touch, her legs stretching out as she stares at the train's large windows, slivers of incandescent light pouring into the dark cart.



"Last stop," comes over the intercom once more before the train picks up speed, Rima gasps heaving herself to her feet. Body flushed against the pole, large eyes flit about the empty cart – white light illuminating her terrified features.



What was going on here? Rima squeezes her eyes shut.



"I want to get off now!" She shouts but nothing happens. The train doesn't slow to a stop, the doors don't swing open. Instead, it simply picks up speed, rocketing through the tunnel, wheels screeching loudly against the tracks, cart rocking from side to side tossing the tiny girl about. She screams, nails digging into the pole, knuckles going white.



"I want to get off!" She hollers.



"Last stop!"



"Last stop!"



"Last stop!"



The train explodes into a tunnel of blinding white light then and as it consumes the cart, Rima screams.



This is what it felt like to die.



This was Mashiro Rima's reality.



(Exaggerated drum roll) ...AAAAAAnd there you have it, the prologue! Please let me know what you think about it and I look forward to posting more chapter! :")) Until then, Ja~

>