

Here it is! Albeit, one week late but nonetheless, here it finally is. It's the last chapter of Rima! Thanks so much to everyone who has read and reviewed this story. To those who've favourited and followed a special thanks goes out to you as well. I hope that you all enjoy this little fluffy ending and don't forget to let me know what you guys think! I'll try to be back with another story, but if not, well...this has been fun! Tomo-chi, OUT!



Epilogue



...



It
smells like death here. Myriads of flower arrangements, balloons and stuffed animals adorn the surfaces of Rima's hospital room and eyelids drooping, she surfs the channels.

Nothing's on, nothing was ever on. Sighing, she drops the remote and sinks down onto her pillows. Two days, just two more days and then she'd be able to leave this miserable place.

There's a knock at her door before it creaks open and looking up, Rima finds herself staring at a familiar figure.

Nagihiko.

He's there, arms locked behind him, a soft smile on his lips and Rima's heart's pounding against her throat as he steps forward.

"Hey," he says. Rima nods, smoothing her hands over the waffle duvet her mother had set up for her.

"Hi," she croaks. Nagihiko stops at the foot of the bed, amber eyes boring into her.

"I brought you something." This catches Rima's attention and arching a brow, she stares at him suspiciously.

"Not a picture of you and Amu-chi together I hope." She grumbles fingers against her temples now. Nagihiko laughs as he shakes his head. He brings his hands into full view then, the blonde's eyes landing on the stuffed clown he's holding and she can't stop herself from tearing up.

"Not a doll," is all she can say, voice cracking and Nagihiko laughs holding the stuffed toy out for the girl who takes it, hugging it to her chest.

"Not a doll." He says watching as Rima tugs at the clown's bright bowtie. "How are you feeling?" Rima shrugs.

"My arm still hurts." Nagihiko's gaze drops to the girl's bandaged arm. Three days ago she'd almost died. Three days ago he'd almost lost Mashiro Rima forever.

"Rima-san." He mutters, she looks up questioningly and Nagihiko blinks back his rising tears, meeting her stare.

"I'm happy that you're all right." His voice, it's unsteady as he speaks. Rima blinks, a slow smiling crossing her face as she looks away.

"Nagihiko..." she whispers, tears welling in her eyes.

"Yes?" He sits at the edge of her bed. Rima clutches the stuffed clown, tears falling from her eyes.

"You're my..." she stops breathing in deeply, "you saved my life." She whispers.

"I didn't really, Tadase's the one who figured it all out. He heard your voice mail." His voice, it's so small now and Rima's quiet as she looks up, eyes wide and glossy, a somber smile crossing her lips. "I suppose I can't hate you anymore can I?" Nagihiko stares at her. He blinks, taking in the blush creeping across Rima's pale cheeks, a slow smile crossing his face as he reaches out taking hold of the girl's tiny hand. He interlaces their fingers.

"I suppose it does...but if you still want to fight over Amu –" Rima laughs, eyes dancing as she pulls her knees up against her chest, clown between her thighs.

"I'll totally kick your ass, Fujisaki." Nagihiko smirks leaning forward.

"I'd like to see your try, Rima-chan." And just like that Nagihiko presses his lips against the girl's and this time, Rima accepts it.

>