

Moray was busy reading the weeks figures in his office , when there was a knock at the door. at first he thought it might have been Jonas who often liked to stay in the paradise past midnight, what he was doing Moray never knew or asked and it was a stomy night so he proberly hadn't wanted to brave the trip home. He heard another knock on the door this time the knock was quieter meaning it could't have been Jonas as he was heavy handed. Moray got up from his chair and walked to the door. As soon as he opened it, Denise threw heself into his body. He caught her and wrapped his arms around her small body feeling her tremble. he shut the door and locked it and then pulled Denise off of him so he could see her face.

She had tear streaks down her face, and her eyes where red.

'Sweetheart?' he asked as he stroked some hair out of her eyes. She stood back and shook. Moray realised that she was only in her night dress, and had no shoes on.

'Denise?, Darling? whats wrong?' he quickly asked.

The lightning sounded again and Denise bent down to take cover. John bent down to her level and took her hand he pulled her back up and let her to the chaise, he sat down himself and pulled her into his lap, covering her with one of his jackets laying on the arm. He rubbed her back and let her bury herself in him.

'Sorry' she whispered and looked up at him

'Its okay sweetheart, you should have told me you where afraid of the storm, then I would have come to you' he said and stroked her hair.

'Its just silly' she whispered

'No its not, come here, let me make it better' Moray said and pulled her face to his, he blew cool air on to her lips and then bent forward and placed a light kiss on the same lips. He smiled and kissed her again a little harder and more ugent.

He loved the taste of her pink lips againest his own, the way her tougue felt inside his mouth exploring, adventurous just like herself. The way she sucked his bottom lip when they pulled apart unwilling to seperate. it was enough to make him tremble with love for her.

After a few more soft kisses she moved herself so she was no longer draped across Moray but was straddling his lap, her arms reaching up and wrapping around his neck, his hands almost imideitly clutched her waist and pulled her body closer to him. Her nose touched his nose and His eyes connected to hers like a strong magnet pulling them together. he smiled once more and kissed her again soft and slow at first getting harder and harder intill she was ruttin up againest him.

'Denise darling we have to stop, other wise i may have to ravash you and you wont be pure on our wedding day' Moray growled. As much as he would have loved to keep going he knew she would regret having sex before they were married and he would respect her wishes.

'Just.. one...moment' she sighed. her body shook all over as she stopped rutting againest the man she loved. and feel againest his body, his arms once again coming around and resting on her waist.

Moray listened to the storm dying down

'Come on Sweetheart let me take you back to your room' john whispered he gathered her up in to his arms and stood up not letting her go. he then wrapped his jacket around her once more and unlocked his door. carrying her down the down the stairs to her room.

He opened the door gently carful not to make to much noise and wake the others and carried Denise to her bed, he opened up the covers and dropped her into the bed. he then wrapped her back up and stroked the hair on her forehead.

'Goodnight sweetheart, I Love You' he whispered and kissed her forhead and then her lips. he then walked back out to the hallway and closed the door. he made it back to his rooms thinking about his sweetheart.

Denise feel asleep clutching Morays jackets smelling him and dreaming of there wedding day.

>