

A/N: Firstly I'd like to thank you all so much for all your patience, kind comments and reviews. I sincerely apologize for the delay in posting this part, slight writers block, plus struggling with time due to work etc. I really do hope you all enjoy this part, hope you won't be disappointed! This will be a two parter, to maintain the quality, plus I struggle with longer fics :)

So, here it is... enjoy!

She'd wandered outside, still in a daze, her eyes heavy, desperately craving sleep, however the thought of having to work a full day was a less than pleasant one. She'd done her best, Neil was still alive, only just, but he was alive. Matron and Sister Brigid kept a watchful eye over him, knowing they could call on her should anything change.

She'd lost all track of time, all the hours seemed to merge together, all she could work out was that it was daytime, the hospital was slowly waking up, the night staff were heading home and the day staff wondering in ready to work another day. Only Jill wasn't going home, not yet. Hometime came later, after a day consisting of morning surgery, and running casualty after that, with her ward rounds in between. The kind of day she normally enjoyed, but not today. Hometime couldn't come soon enough.

She'd resorted to leaning against the wall, trying to keep herself awake, not wanting to miss Gordon's impending arrival. He was missed, she desperately needed his comfort, someone to offload too, someone who can look after her. Look after them both.

During the night, the baby was the least of her worries, thankfully the baby was well behaved (most of the time), only making it's appearance known when Jill was standing outside the hospital, trying to regather her thoughts, focus all her efforts on the day ahead.

There were several cars arriving at The Royal, patients, Mr Rose, Jeff, Adam Carnegie. None of them, however welcoming, was the one she wanted to see. Instead she'd occasionally glance up the road, looking for Gordon, wishing he'd arrive soon. After a long wait, she finally noticed his car turning the corner, driving the short distance to the hospital, this providing much needed relief.

The car door slammed shut, Gordon clutching onto his doctors bag, ready to begin another day. He noticed the tired figure standing, leaning against the wall, unaware of Gordon's arrival. She hadn't seen Gordon walk up to her, didn't feel his had on her shoulder, or hear him whisper her name.

"Jill... Jill?" She looked up, and saw him standing there, a concerned look on his face, fearing the worst.

"He's alive. Only just. Stabilised during the night." Gordon managed a weak smile, amazed at Jill's achievement, for he thought Neil wouldn't have survived the night.

"That's wonderful. Well done." His words provided a much needed comfort, the reassurance she so desperately needed. He decided to take her inside, to the safety of her consulting room, where they could be alone for a while.

She'd outlined what happened in the night, during which Gordon sat, listening intently, not wanting to interrupt.

"Look, you're tired, exhausted. Why don't you go home for a bit? Get some sleep?" She closed her eyes, only for a second, before forcing herself to wake up.

"I can't. I've got morning surgery in a minute, how can I possibly?" Gordon's face sank. It was clear to him she was exhausted, struggling both mentally and physically. Nothing a good sleep wouldn't fix. Yet he felt he couldn't stop her, confident in knowing that she knew her limits, knew when enough was enough.

"Ok. Just... don't overdo it eh?" He stood, and held her, her head collapsing into his shoulder, her eyes shutting once more, a sole tear falling silently down her cheek. He'd decided to take things into his own hands.

"Look, we've got Joan here. Why don't we ask her to do your morning surgery? You can't work, I'd be negligent if I let you." She was too tired to argue, and, after making the necessary arrangements, he helped Jill put her coat on, easing her arm into her sleeve, before coaxing her out of the hospital, out into the carpark, the sudden sunlight blinding.

"Let's get you home.." As far as Gordon was concerned, Jill had done enough.

>