

Cool Water

author rosethorn59

...

Ezra woke up, amazed that he was still alive. He thought he would never make it through the desert , or the rattlesnake bite. It hurt and stung. Somebody had fixed it and wrapped it up for him, though. Someone had saved him, and for that he was very grateful.

He looked around the small cabin he was in, wondering when he would meet his benefactor .Ezra was still in some pain, and knew he'd be there sooner or later, so he thought a little sleep was in order.

He heard a bang as the stranger came in carrying an armload of firewood. "Well, you're finally awake. How are you feeling?" He asked as he went out for some more wood leaving the door open..

"Better than I did. You're the one who saved me?"

"Yep.I carried you to my horse, cut your wound open, and sucked out the poison. I brought you with me, and here you are. He dropped the firewood near the fireplace, turned around and looked at Ezra with a scowl.

"So, what' your name?"

"Standish, Ezra Standish. And who might you be?"

Sam, I don't usually share my name with anyone."

"Well, I owe you for this."

"Not at all, Ezra, it was my pleasure."

"Thank you...you are a good man Mr... Sam. How long do you think this wound will take to heal, I saw you wrapped it for me."

"I have no idea, Ezra, never been bitten by a snake. Never known anyone who was."

"3 or 4 days, maybe?"

"Maybe." He stared at Ezra for a while, which made Ezra feel nervous, but he smiled at him, anyway.

So Ezra looked around the cabin to keep from staring back. It was very small and dark. There was a rug on the floor, a chair, slits in the walls, lots of half-melted candles, a lamp, a small stove with pots and pans, and a single lumpy bed, which Legolas was on at the time. And very uncomfortable it was.

He looked out the open door, and of course he was still in the desert. It was very hot. Why didn't he open his windows for a little cross-breeze? That would have been cooler and made much more sense. Ezra ignored him , closed his eyes, and quickly fell asleep.

"Hey. would you like some dinner," Sam asked Ezra, shaking him very hard, and jolting him awake." I only have stew and biscuits. I also have some jerky if you want some.

"I am hungry, thank you"

"Sure, can't let you starve."

"Do you have any coffee?"

"No, nothin' right now. Just water.."

"That's fine."

So they ate their meal in silence, Ezra looking at Sam over his cup of water. The man was making him feel uneasy. After their meal, Sam grabbed all the dishes and threw them on the stove.

Then Sam grabbed his chair, flipped it around and sat legs spread, staring at Ezra.

"So, Ezra, what do you do?"

"I'm a lawman, and a gambler. Why?"

"And yourself?"

"I go where I want and do what I want."

"I've been a little of a roamer, myself."

"Yeah, I should've known that about you."

"What, you know me? How could you? I have never met you."

"Yes, you have, but it was a very short encounter."

"The outlaw?"

"Yep, that would be me. We chatted in the saloon, shortly before I went out and was arrested. I don't believe you ever saw that happen, though."

Ezra had fear in his eyes and looked around the cabin for his weapons. Then he looked up at Sam.

Ezra was getting concerned. "Where are my weapons!"

"They're not in the house, but they are here, somewhere."

Ezra was angry, and headed for the door, but Sam locked it before he got there.

"Sam, unlock the door, or give me the keys!" Ezra snapped at him.

"Nope."

"Why? What are you doing?"

"Keeping you here for now.. Sam pushed him on the bed. I'm sure you're not healed well enough, yet."

"I'm intelligent enough to know when my health has improved. And it has."

Ezra's anger was quickly turning into apprehension .What was really going on?

"What do you intend for me, Sam! You can't just keep me here." Ez shook his head and got up. Sam slugged him, and backhanded him a couple of times. Ez landed on the bed again, dizzy, but it stopped his anger.

"This has to do with the fellas coming to find you, and you as bait if they make it this far. Regardless you will remain here as my captive indefinitely. I don't want to have to kill you, you know."

"Good idea," Ezra said, not really knowing what else to say. His fear was back in spades." How do you plan on keeping me here?"

Sam went to smack Ezra again, and the gambler stopped his fist to get a hit in on his own. The thief grabbed his gun, turned around, cocked it, pointing it right at Ezra's forehead. Ezra raised his arms. He froze on the spot, terrified, wondering if the man really might shoot him. "Turn around, gambler."

"What's next? Are you really planning on shooting me?" he asked as he slowly turned around. He was so panicked, just waiting for the trigger to go off and end his life.

But instead Sam knocked him unconscious with the gun. The Southerner crumpled to the floor. "Much easier to take care of this way" Sam smiled.

...

Nathan was very worried. JD seemed some better; his head was wrapped with bandages. Nathan had done everything he could for him. However he wanted someone to look after him while he was gone. He needed to find the others and let them know what was going on in town. So he sent for Mary, and she was more than willing to look after JD. She was always so concerned about the men. They were her good friends. But a bit reckless. She smiled at that thought.

"So what happened? " Mary asked, very worried.

"Well, I don't have very much time, I have to get out to the Wells' home, where the others are. The prisoner in the jail escaped and knocked JD unconscious. It was pretty hard, so I'm worried about a concussion. Ezra and Chaucer are gone and I believe he went after the outlaw. If he did, he could be in trouble if he went alone."

"Don't worry, Nathan. I will take good care of him. It will be my pleasure". She walked over to JD, and put her hand on his forehead to check for a fever. Mary couldn't find one, but she felt his pulse and he had a rapid heartbeat. A cup of tea, and some painkiller should do the trick. She sat down on the bed and held his hand, hoping that would calm him down a little.

"We will be fine here, really. It sounds like our concern right now is Ezra. You need to go get the others and find him."

"We will find him, Miss Travis. I have to go. Take care."

"You too." She looked up at him and smiled. Then she looked down at JD very concerned.

"Oh, the paper?"

"It can wait. Goodbye, Nathan.".

"Nathan ran down the stairs at his dwelling, jumping halfway down the steps. His horse was tied outside at the time, which was very convenient for him. He climbed on his horse, grabbed the reins and swung his horse west to the farmstead, his horse shying. But he got out on the road, moving as fast as he could, his horse snorting with each step. He was on his way.

TBC

>