

Author's Note: So here it is, the sequel to my Christmas special. I had a lot of people telling me that Snow Angel made them cry, and since I don't like making anyone cry I decided to write a sequel that will hopefully make no one cry. Unlike the prequel, which was bittersweet, this one should be sweet, adorable, fluffy, and heartwarming. Or at least that's the plan. :P

Disclaimer: How could I own Vocaloid? Like, I can't even afford a pack of gum. :/

-Ray


Len Kagamine stood in the middle of the forest, his checker scarf wrapped securely around his neck. Every year for the past four years the sixteen-year-old would come to this very spot. He knew she would never be here, but he never ceased to stop hoping that he would see her again one day. She was his snow angel, wasn't she? Were they really meant to be separated forever? Their meeting could not have been a joke pulled by fate; it had to be destiny's design.

"Len!" the voice of Len's younger cousin, Lenka, called out. When she was closer to him she said "What are you doing all the way out here? Everyone's worried about you."

"Sorry, Lenka," Len said as he looked at the girl.

In the past four years Lenka had began to grow into a beautiful young girl. She was appearing to take on the tall and thin body type, and her now waist length hair had darkened to a medium blonde with natural light blonde highlights. The only negative change to Lenka's appearance was the black, thick-framed glasses she had to wear due to her now nearsightedness. According to Len's twin sister Rin in hopes Lenka would never felt self-concious about them, the glasses helped with Lenka's looks. It had worked, as Lenka would never let herself be seen without them.

"Shall we head back?" Lenka asked Len.

Knowing that the girl he had so desperately wanted to see was never going to appear, Len left with his cousin and left behind all hope as well.


*eight months later*


"Wakey, wakey, eggs, and bacey!" Rin shouted as she slammed her fist on Len's door. "Today's our first day as seniors, and I don't think you want to be late!"

Len opened an eye as his sister's loud knocking continued. She sure was one to talk, that Rin. Rin slept in so many times that Len had lost count, making her waking him up an unusual for him. Well, as Rin had said, today was their first day as seniors and it was obviously enough to get Rin excited for her first day of her last year of high school.

"Wake up, Len! Darn you!" Rin nearly shouted.

"I'm up!" Len said as he threw his pillow at the door. "I'm up! Now go the heck away!"

"Not until you open the door so that I know for sure you're awake~," Rin sang.

Len rolled his eyes. Rin could be really annoying when she pleased. Len stood up, walked to the door, and opened it for his twin sister. Rin was styled in knee length jean shorts, a T-shirt of the school's soccer team, and black converse. Rin had even tied her chest length blonde hair into a low ponytail. Despite being seventeen now, Rin still held fast to the white bow she wore on top of her head. Some things never change, it seems.

"Good, you're up!" Rin chimed. "Now get dressed," she snorted. "Do you want to go to school looking like THAT?"

Len looked down at himself. "Sure, Rin," he mentally answered, "I want to go to school in nothing but my pajama bottoms."

As if knowing what Len had mentally said, Rin slapped his bare chest and said, "Get your butt dressed. I don't want to be late so don't take too long making yourself look pretty."

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Miku clutched her stomach as her mom drove her to Miku's new school. Miku had went to a new school for each grade she was in so one would think that by now Miku wouldn't be nervous. That conclusion was wrong, as Miku was dead nervous.

"Don't throw up, now," Miku's mom said. Miku's mom had remarried three years ago and became Mrs. VY. Yuma was a good step-dad to Miku, but she did secretly wish that he didn't have the same traveling job as her mom. If his job were steady then perhaps Miku would have spent all of high school in a single place. Now she was going to be thrown into a whole new environment as a senior with no friends. What a joy.

"I can't help my anxiety," Miku replied. "I couldn't eat a thing for breakfast!"

"That's not healthy," Mrs. VY answered without sympathy. She was used to Miku's overdramaticness by now.

"Mom," Miku said, "I'm supposed to be a senior. A cool kid. No one even knows my name."

"Just make friends," Mrs. VY answered.

"It's not that easy, Mom," Miku sighed. "I never see them again, so what's the point?"

"The point is that it's not healthy for any teen to be friendless," Mrs. VY answered. "Such can lead to depression, drug use, reckless sex-"

"Mom!" Miku shouted, horrified. "I'm not depressed, I'm not into drugs, and - news flash! - I'm a virgin. You're reading magazine articles and thinking that the kids they talk about are me."

"Can I really be blamed for being concerned about my only daughter?" Mrs. VY asked.

"Only if you don't believe your daughter when she tells you she's fine," Miku answered with a huff. "Look, I have enough on my mind with getting adjusted into a new school. Once I'm settled I'll do what I always do: Join a sports team and practice so much that I practically live and breathe that sport."

"That's how your going to deal with not having friends?" Mrs. VY asked, one eyebrow raised.

"I'm sorry," Miku said. "Would you prefer I cut, come home drunk, and get pregnant?"

"Get your smart butt out of my car," Mrs. VY said as she parked in front of the school. Handing Miku a folder, Mrs. VY said "You know the drill."

"Take the papers to the principle's office and wait for them to send a student to show me around. You will come by after school to sign any necessary papers," Miku recited.

"Good girl," Mrs. VY responed. "Love you."

Miku kissed her mother on the cheek. "Love you."

Miku got out of the car and watched as a bunch of kids ran into the school building. Miku inwardly sighed. This was going to be a long year.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

"Lenny!" a squeal called. Len found himself being tackled by his girlfriend, Neru. "I missed you so much!"

"You saw me yesterday," Len reminded her. "We saw a movie together, remember?"

"That was a whole day ago," Neru rolled her eyes. "Now come here, you." With that Neru smashed her lips onto Len's.

"Disgusting," Rin said as she watched from a distance.

"You said it," said Nero, Neru's twin brother and Rin's best friend, said. "Oh!" he said as he twisted his face with pain. "She's going for the tongue."

"I can't watch," Rin said as she turned away. "What does Len see in her? No offense to your sister."

Nero shrugged. "Well she throws herself at him so I don't think poor Len really ever has a chance. And none taken."

Rin nodded. "Sometimes I think Len is in love," she said slowly.

"With Neru?" Nero questioned. He loved his sister, but even he had to admit that Len wasn't her type. Well, correctly speaking, Neru wasn't the one who was Len's type. Len, the poor fella, just looked tortured throughout that whole relationship.

"Ha! She wishes," Rin laughed. Setting her face seriously, Rin said, "I found this necklace in Len's room the other day. I saw it once before, when we were thirteen, but I had no clue he still had it."

"A necklace?" Nero questioned. "Did he steal it from some school girl?"

"I don't know," Rin said. "It's one of those necklaces where each is a half heart and, when placed together, the two have a message."

"Those are so lame," Nero said.

"I know. Aren't they?" Rin agreed. "But seriously, why would Len hold onto a necklace unless it meant something to him?"

"You have a point," Nero replied. "The message," he began, "what does it say?"

Rin shrugged. "Given that Len's says 'be fri' I wouldn't be surprised if the other said 'st ends.'"

"'Best friends,'" Nero concluded. "But who would give Len a 'best friends' necklace? Does he even have a best friend?"

"I don't know," Rin shrugged.

"Ms. Kagamine!"

"Uh oh," Nero gasped for Rin.

"Shut up," Rin hissed. Turning to the one who called her, Rin said, "Yes, Mr. Kamui?"

"I need your assistance," Mr. Kamui said. "And given that you have yet to complete your hours to make up for the huge trouble you caused last year I think you would be more than perfect for the job." With that Mr. Kamui turned away, expecting Rin to follow.

"You're cleaning toilets," Nero cracked a grin.

"Just shut up and pray for me," Rin said as she followed the teacher.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

"Middle Park High School will be pleased to have a bright student such as you join us," the principle said as she looked over Miku's files.

"Thank you, Principal Megurine," Miku said. While the principle continued to look through the files Miku looked at the paper in her own hands. Her class schedule.

"We should have someone here soon enough to show you around," Ms. Megurine smiled at Miku. "Don't be nervous, okay?"

"Okay," Miku answered quietly.

"Luka, I got someone to show the new kid around."

"It's 'Ms. Megurine' during school hours, Mr. Kamui," Ms. Megurine said as she narrowed her eyes.

"Fine," Mr. Kamui said. "I got someone to show the new kid around,
Ms. Megurine
."

"Better," Ms. Mergurine praised. "Now I see you got-" her face fell, "Ms. Kagamine."

"She still needs to work off her hours as punishment for starting that food fight," Mr. Kamui said. "I think showing a new student around won't be that damaging."


That damaging?
Miku questioned.
Who did they get to show me around? The devil?


"Hi, I'm Rin Kagamine," the girl behind Mr. Kamui introduced herself.

Miku was relieved to see a sweet, cheerful looking girl over someone who looked as if they had a criminal record. Taking Rin's extended hand, Miku shook it and said "I'm Miku Hatsune. Pleased to meet you."

"Pleased to meet you," Rin replied.

"Ms. Kagamine," Ms. Megurine called.

"Yes, Principal Megurine?" Rin slowly asked.

"Miku has a perectly clean record," Ms. Megurine answered, "so don't rub off too negatively on her."

"Yes ma'am," Rin answered before she took Miku by the arm and lead her away. When they were out of earshot Rin said "I hope you don't learn by example because I'm an awful influence."

"Well that just means they gave me the right person to show me around," Miku smiled.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

"And that's the entire school!" Rin clapped at the end of the tour.

"Thanks for showing me around," Miku said as she searched the place. Odds were Miku would forget where everything was, but at least she had an idea where to go.

"Notta prob!" Rin exclaimed. Miku had never seen anyone so perky, and Rin's happy mood was very contagious so Miku couldn't help but smile and giggle along. "So what's your first class?" Rin asked.

"Uhhhh," Miku looked at her schedule. "Government."

"Mine too," Rin smiled. Grabbing Miku's hand Rin began to lead her away. "Since you're new and all I decided that I'm going be your best friend," Rin giggled.

"Um, okay," Miku smiled.

"Nah, I'm teasing," Rin said when she sensed that Miku felt uneasy. "I only meant that I want to keep you company so you don't feel lonely."

"No, it's okay," Miku waved. "It's just that nobody has ever been so nice to me on my first day of school before, so it's just a bit different is all."

Rin grinned. "Well come on, I know a bunch of girls who will accept you into their cliché right away. Don't worry Miku, we will be sure to give you a fantastic senior year."

Miku inwardly smiled. This year wasn't going to be so bad after all.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Len was following Nero all the way to English, which happened to be their first class. Both were talking about joining the high school basketball team that again year.

"We played the past three years," Nero said, "I think I have one more year in me."

"Even though Coach never lets you play?" Len teased.

"Mark my words, Len Kagamine, I WILL get MVP this year," Nero vowed.

"Sure you will," Len smiled. Noticing something in the corner of his eye, Len turned his head to see a tall, pale girl . . . with mint green hair. After finding the hair so familiar, Len tried to get a good look at the girl's face, but by then the girl already had her back turned toward him. Len strained hard to see who she was, but instead unknowingly walked right into a trash can and fell head first inside.

Nero whistled. "Find something interesting?"

Len squirmed around until his was upside up. "Someone's retainer," Len aswered as he held up a green piece of plastic.

"What were you looking at any way?" Nero asked as he looked in the direction Len was staring. "Was it Rin? Poor girl is running around like she lost somebody."

"No," Len said as he climbed out of the garbage. "It was nobody."

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

"There you are!" Rin said as she caught up to Miku. "I said 'go on ahead of me while I tie my shoe,' not 'ditch me.' I had plans to catch up to you."

"Sorry," Miku apologized. "I didn't mean to walk too fast."

"S'okay," Rin said. "Now come on," she said as she grabbed Miku's arm, "I want to introduce you to some friends of mine before class starts." With that Rin dragged Miku into the classroom and led her to a group of girls.

"IA, Yukari, CUL, Lapis," Rin called, "this is Miku. Miku, this is IA," a white haired girl waved, "Yukari," a girl wearing her light purple hair in two tails giggled, "CUL," a red head gave Miku the peace sign, "and Lapis," a girl with short blue hair said "Nice to meet you."

"It's a pleasure to meet you girls," Miku said.

"Always a pleasure to make new friends," Yukari bubbly said.

"You see," Rin turned to Miku, "we only have Government and P.E. together, but you should have every class with at least one of these girls so you shouldn't have a single class by yourself."

"Thank you, Rin," Miku smiled at Rin before the teacher called everyone's attention.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

"All right, ladies," Coach Sakine yelled. "Let's have a nice, friendly competition of volleyball."

"Oh!" Rin's eyes lit up. Rin wore the usual gym uniform of a white T-shirt and black shorts, and as a speciality for gym only Rin braided her hair. Rin's braid lied idly over her shoulder despite the fact Rin was bouncing up and down with excitement. "I just love volleyball!"

"Okay," Coach Sakine said, "today the team captions shall be Neru Akita and Rin Kagamine."

"Yay!" Rin said before running to the front of the group.

"Shake hands, girls," Coach Sakine told Rin and Neru.

"May the best team win," Rin grinned while she was shaking Neru's hand.

"I plan to," Neru smirked. Being the caption of team one, Neru got to call her teammates first. "Iroha!" she called for the agile girl.

Rin surprised everyone by calling for the new girl. "Miku!"

When Miku went up to Rin she said, "You didn't have to pick me first. I don't want you to treat me with any special favors."

"Well I think you deserve to not be called last," Rin answered.

"Mayu!" Neru called the girl with the wicked serve.

"CUL!" Rin called for her friend, who was also a ball magnet and could hit it with ease.

"Miki!"

"Gumi!"

"Haku!"

"Galaco!"

And so on until the teams had been formed. Miku was stationed in front and promised Rin to do her very best.

"Just have fun," Rin encouraged. "Winning isn't everything."

Miku nodded but still kept the determination to give it her all. When the game began it was the usual passing back and forth. Miku was at first only watching as she tried to take in everyone's techniques.

"Hey, newbie!" Neru shouted. "If ya ain't gonna play then get off the field!"

"Just ignore her," Rin rolled her turquoise eyes.

"No," Miku smirked, "I don't think I will." After the game had resumed Miku took in more time studying the techniques of her opponents. She hadn't once hit the ball, but that didn't discourage Miku.

When half-time was called, Miku went to get a drink of water. As she was about to open the water bottle, Miku felt a blow to the back of her head. Turning around, Miku saw a smiling Neru.

"Sorry," Neru mocked an aplogy. "I didn't mean to throw the ball at your head."

Miku knew then and there that her time for revenge was perfect. "Rin!" she called her team caption.

"I'm so sorry she did that to you," Rin said as she ran up to Miku. "I don't know what goes on inside that girl's head."

"That's why I need to ask you a favor," Miku said.

Rin crossed her arms as she made eye contact with Miku. "Shoot."

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

When the game had resumed it was Rin's team's turn to serve the ball. "Are you sure she can do this?" Gumi nervously asked Rin.

"If Miku says she can," Rin answered, "then I believe she can."

When everyone had gotten into position Neru, who noticed Miku with the ball, shouted "What? You're going to let a girl who can't even hit a ball serve it? Wow, Rin. I didn't know you had that poor judgement."

Rin narrowed her eyes, looked behind her, made eye contact with Miku, and mouthed "Destroy her."

Miku gave Rin a thumbs up. The score was 17-9, but Miku had every intention to help her team win. When the whistle blew, Miku threw the ball up, jumped after it, and smacked the ball straight across the court so fast that the other team was surprised when it had passed them and landed on the floor.

"I didn't know she could hit like THAT," Miki said.

"Yep," Mayu said, "we're doomed."

Mayu's preditcion had proven to be correct. At first it took the girls a while to be able to not miss Miku's serves, but even then going against Miku's blows was hard. After spending so much time observing her teammates, Miku could predict their actions and use that in order to weave throw the group and hit the ball when it would have otherwise touched the ground. It was as if Miku knew just where the ball was going.

Scariest of all were Miku's spikes. The girl would slam the ball so hard into the ground that no one dare risk trying to stop it for fear of being smashed into the ground with it. On accident or on purpose, no one knew for sure, but Miku ended up spiking the ball into Neru's face.

"I'm so sorry!" Miku immediately apologized. Unlike Neru's fake apology, which had recked in insincerity, Miku looked and sounded truly sorry. Miku even had her hands covering her mouth and tears forming in the corners of her eyes. Either Miku truly was sorry, or she was an incredible actress.

"That's enough for one day," Coach Sakine called before leading Neru, whose nose was bleeding excessively, to the nurse's office.

"That was wicked!" Rin said to Miku as the girls were changing back into their casual wear. Rin had given Miku a high ten before they went to the girls' locker room, and Miku said that she was happy to help her team win. Rin had to correct Miku by saying the high ten was for smashing Neru's face in.

"I wasn't trying to break her face," Miku insisted as she threw off the sweaty T-shirt, exposing her white with pink polka-dots sports bra.

"Whatever," Rin said as she shook out her braid. Noticing something on Miku's naked collarbone, Rin asked, "What's that?"

"Oh, this?" Miku said as she touched the necklace. "This is just something that means a lot to me." Miku sadly looked down. "It's a reminder of the one friend I will never see again."

"What makes you say that?" Rin asked. "Did your friend . . ."

"No," Miku shook her head as she put on her hot pink shirt. "It's just my mom travels with her job, and I've spent every school year in a totally different place."

"Wow, really?" Rin raised an eyebrow. "Where did you learn to play volleyball then? California?"

"Florida, actually," Miku answered, "but you were close."

Rin nodded. "And your friend . . . you have no contact with them?"

"We were only kids," Miku shrugged, "it's not as if we could have exchanged E-mail."

"I'm sorry," Rin apologized.

"Don't worry about it," Miku said. "I'll always remember him, and our time together will always be in my heart."

Rin smiled sweetly at Miku on the outside, but on the inside thoughts were boiling. Rin took in the necklace and knew exactly what it was: A half-heart necklace that had "st ends" written on it.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Nero was waiting for his sister and friends by the bus stop when he was tackled from behind.

"Miss me?"

"No, Rin," he replied, "as a matter of fact, I didn't."

Rin rolled her eyes. "Anyway," she said, "I have some major news that I need to tell you."

"Does it explain Neru's broken nose?" Nero asked.

"Yes and no," Rin answered. "You see, I know who Len's in love with!"

>