

Author's Note: Sorry to burst anyone's bubble, but this is not an update. This is an announcement. I'm not, repeat NOT, deleting this story or discontinuing it. What I plan to do is take a few weeks to edit the old chapters to flow better and reflect my since approved writing style. Once they are done being edited, I'm going to slowly reupload them as I write new content. I'm sorry this isn't the news anyone wanted to hear, but it's only fair this story's followers know what I'm planning to do. Between college and being involved in my church, I don't have much writing time, and the writing time I do have is usually spent on works I find higher priority. The best I can hope is some of you agree that slow updates are better than none. Also, DON'T review this. If you do, you won't be able to review the actual chapter 10 when I post it. My suggestion, if you absolutely have to tell me something about this, would be to either review as a guest or PM me.

And since it's against the rules to post purely Author's Notes without story content, here is the first scene of what would have been chapter 10 of the story (it's more than a two liner, so it does count). Enjoy!


The catchy tune of her phone blowing up dragged Rin out of her unconscious state. Without opening her eyes, the blonde reached out for her cell and answered it without checking her caller ID. "Give me one good reason I should let you live after waking me up on holiday break," she growled into the speaker.

"Rin," Miku sounded disbelieving, "are you seriously still asleep? Do you know what time it is?"

Opening her eyes and checking the clock on her nightstand, Rin yawned, "Miku, it's the middle of the night."

"Eight A.M.?"

"On school break. Who in their right mind would get up this early?"

"Someone who plans to spend the day in town with her best friends." Even without seeing her Rin knew Miku was rolling her eyes.

"Fine, I'm getting up," Rin grumbled, "but no more calling me until two, you hear?"

"Loud and clear, Rin," Miku replied. "Loud and clear."

>