


Hello everyone! So I recently watched Frozen and I guess I could say that I'm obsessed. I can't help it though! It's amazing. I also had the idea of writing a Frozen/RotG college AU floating around in my mind, and I just had to write it. I hope you all enjoy it and let the show begin! Most of the characters in this story are mostly from Disney and DreamWorks, but I may throw in some from other animation companies.



Disclaimer: I do not own any character from Disney or DreamWorks. I also don't own any modern and real-life things that are mentioned in this story. I'm sure you will know where they originally come from.




Elsa's POV


Ugh. It was that time of the year once again. The first day of school was approaching rapidly, and I dreaded every last minute that ticked on away, bringing me closer to that exact date. In only half a week, I will officially be a junior in Fantasy Academy. This academy is a very prestigious college that my parents enrolled me in while I was still a junior in high school. I never like to recall that place… The old high school that I attended was the most traumatic moment in my life.

I was frequently bullied, mocked, and the teachers were complete idiots. I failed nearly every assignment and I made absolutely no friends. The only person I considered my friend was my very own sister, Anna. She is two years younger than me, and was a freshman at the time. People seemed to treat her better and even show sympathy toward her, while all they did to me was pretend that I was never even there.

My parents drew the line there. They decided to pull me out of that terrible school and put me into a more…comfortable one. Or should I say private. Fantasy Academy was very much indeed a private school that was quite expensive, but my parents didn't care. They wanted me to get a good education, while also allowing me to make friends and have fun. And I must say, they made a fantastic choice.

So far, the Academy is all I have ever dreamed of. This school is unlike any others; it offers all grades: elementary, middle, and high school, and also has college grades at the very top. It's extraordinary! After I was enrolled into the Academy, my parents placed Anna in as well. She protested at first, saying that she was just fine with the old high school and that moving away meant leaving all her friends behind. But when she took a tour through the school, she instantly fell in love.

So here we are today; me readying to take on another year of college and Anna to experience her first as a freshman.

"Elsa!" Anna poked her head around the door to my room and smiled. "Are you packing?" I stood up from my desk, where I was engrossing myself into my laptop, and stretched my stiff limbs. I checked my phone for the time: it was nearly ten at night. Wow, I've been on the computer for about two hours. Blame it on Tumblr for consuming my life!

I chortled softly and set my phone down. "Yeah, I'm getting to it,"

"Come on! We leave first thing tomorrow morning back to Fantasy Academy!" She sauntered into my room and did a spin, but let out a sudden yelp as she slipped and almost fell. I laughed as she steadied herself upright, grinning sheepishly as her cheeks turned red.

"You're such a klutz," I walked up to her and playfully slapped her arm. She scowled at me and stuck her tongue out, but immediately started giggling afterwards.

"I know… but get your stuff together! I'm so excited!" she sung those last words out as she ran out of the room, her bare feet producing loud taps against the wooden floor. I shook my head at her bubbling excitement and grabbed my limp suitcase on the ground. Don't get me wrong, I was excited to go back too, but not to study and work late nights on procrastinated work.

I moved over to my wardrobe and yanked it open. Almost immediately, a heap of clothing, all mostly shirts, pants, and dresses, spilled out like an avalanche. I groaned as the clothing accumulated as an enormous pile of scattered shoes and wrinkled fabric.

"Ooh, that's a mess," My head turned to see Anna standing at my doorway, a bag of Doritos in one hand and the other stuffing chips into her mouth. I stroked a loose strand of platinum blonde hair away from my forehead and returned my gaze back to the disorderly pile.

"Oh, you're back?" I tried to sound disappointed, but it came out as a delighted snicker.

"Why yes," she said with a mouthful of nacho chips. "Want some?" She offered the bag to me. I shook my head and began to sort out my clothing.

"Go away, Anna. I have to get my clothes organized." My hands found a pair of black skinny jeans, which were my absolute favorite to wear. I placed that on top of my bed where the 'clothes I want to bring to the Academy' pile was.

Anna groaned. "Fine. But I'm gonna take this," I see her walk over to my desk and pick up my blue iPod. She would occasionally borrow it and listen to it, and I didn't mind, most of the time. She scooped it up, and at the same time got nacho cheese residue on it. I winced as she did, but kept silent. I guess I will just clean it after.

"I'm going to get to bed now. G'night, sis," she said and left the room.

I continued to sort through my clothing and pulled out a comfy blue sweater with snowflakes littered on the neck scoop. It was one of my favorite things to wear. For some odd reason, I really loved winter. The snow and ice was a beautiful sight and calmed me. What's even weirder is that I feel cold all the time. Like even when I'm sitting in my heated room, I still feel like there are particles of ice floating around within me; even my hands feel frozen when I try my absolute best to warm them up.

I guess I could get excited once again. Winter is coming in only a few months and soon the summer heat of August will fade and be replaced with cold air. Anna says she hates the cold, but I love it.

I perked up as a series of vibrations ravish my phone, indicating that I have received a text. I abandoned my packing for now and jumped up to go grab my phone. My fingers shoot across the screen and the text message floats up. My face lightens up as I see who it was.


Rapunzel – Hey girl! What time are you arriving at the academy?


It was Rapunzel! Or she would always remind me to call her Punzie, a cute nickname. She was my roommate during my freshman year in college and we instantly became best friends. Aside from Anna, Punzie is my closest friend. The first time I saw her about two years ago, I thought she was a complete nut, like Anna. She was overly hyper, loud, and sometimes obnoxious. But after a while, I grew use to her and we eventually became friends.

I smiled as I responded back to her.


Elsa - Hi! Anna and I will be there tomorrow around noon. You know it takes about three hours to drive there from where we live… haha


I pressed the 'send' button and laid my phone back down on the desktop. My eyes shifted back over the jumble of clothing covering most of the carpet and I heaved a sigh. I checked the clock hanging above my doorway: it was almost eleven.


Dammit! I really need to get packing. We leave really early tomorrow morning.
I thought to myself and practically threw myself to the ground, gathering every article of clothing I found decent and throwing it into my suitcase. I heard my phone vibrate again and dragged my body along the carpeted floor to retrieve it. I then proceeded to be distracted by a conversation with Rapunzel.


Rapunzel – Lol! And awesome! I can't wait to see you guys again. It's been a pretty boring summer where I live…



Elsa – Yeah, ikr. Anna's been driving me crazy. I think it must be hormones.



Rapunzel – Haha, hormones? Does she have a boyfriend?



Elsa – No… Why?



Rapunzel – Maybe she's just looking for love. Like a wild peacock.



Elsa – What? A peacock? Wow, you're so weird, Punzie…



Rapunzel – And that's why you love me :)



Elsa – Yep. Do you want to meet up with us tomorrow?



Rapunzel – Sure! Where should we meet?



Elsa – How about in front of the academy? Where we have to sign in and stuff.



Rapunzel – Okay, sounds good!



Elsa – Yeah! I better get back to packing now. So I'll meet up with you tomorrow, then?



Rapunzel – Definitely! See you tomorrow, love!



Elsa – Yeah, you too! Bye!


I turned off my phone and placed it into my purse that hung on my bed post. I'm definitely not leaving my phone here while I go away to school; it's one of the essential things in my life. I go back to my suitcase and swear not to get distracted again until I'm fully packed.

But then a friend of mine from the academy messages me on Facebook, and I get sucked into that. I can tell it's going to be a long night.



I hope you enjoyed this first chapter! Please review and tell me what you think. Leave a favorite/follow too if you really loved it.


>