


Hello friends, I have returned. As you have heard from before, this is the finale of the story :( I know, sad times, but it will

progressively get better! Not only will this epilogue give you feels from cuteness (hopefully) but I'll have an exciting announcement toward the end! Read on and tell me what you think.



In other random news, I recently saw the new Captain America movie. It was so, so good but oh my gosh, the feelings...




Jack's POV



~Seven years later~


I cracked an eye open as sunlight seeped in through the thin curtains on the window, filling the rather dark bedroom with slices of bright gold. The rays of light pierced my eyes and I groaned, lifting a hand over my face to block out the excruciating radiance. Soft snores drifted up to my ears and I smirked, immediately recognizing the source from where they were coming from. I rolled onto my side and gazed at Elsa who was sleeping soundly. Her hair was loose and splayed over the pillows in a platinum blonde hair; as the sunshine fell upon her, the beams of light turned her hair a heavenly golden, like the very mane of a goddess.

The look on her gorgeous, pale face was calm and peaceful, resembling the exact embodiment of innocence. She wore a simple pink tank-top to withstand the summer heat and – from what I could tell – a pair of dark shorts that barely reached her mid-thighs. Her nose would slightly twitch as if a sudden occurrence befell in her dreaming, and her face scrunched up adorably. I chuckled lowly and slid an arm around her slender frame, pulling her closer against me. Though it was already hot enough under the covers of our bed – and I painstakingly hated the heat – I still obliged to hold Elsa close, for she was my wife after all and I loved her more than anything.

Elsa stirred within my arms and turned her face towards mine. Her eyes remained closed, barely, and a smile graced her lips. I grinned crookedly and stroked a few strands of hair away from her face; and by that time, her eyes were open and weary, revealing stunning icy blue orbs.

"Rise and shine, beautiful," I mumbled as I pressed a kiss to her soft lips. She smiled against mine and brought her arms up to my head, fingers threading through my messy, silvery hair.

"Ugh, it's morning already?" She groaned as we pulled apart and she rested on my chest, her hands fisting at the cottony fabric of my shirt.

"Unfortunately," I smirk. "Come on, we better get up now." As I shift away from her and fling the covers off, she grabs my arm, tugging me back deeper into the bed.

"No," Elsa shakes her head like a stubborn toddler. "I don't wanna." She looks up at me with that beautiful face and wide eyes that I just couldn't deny. I grin, laughing at her childish behavior, and draw her into my arms once again, kissing her bare shoulder. A sigh escapes her lips as I gently nip at the soft skin, and I'm just about to make the situation more intimate until a distraction interrupts me.

"Mommy! Daddy!" The excited shriek of a young boy rips through the quiet morning air as Jace, our seven-year old son, scurries into the room. His short, pale blonde hair was tousled and stood in cowlicks all over his head while his bright blue eyes sparkled with joy; his stubby arms flailed around within the loose sleeves of his red and blue Spider-Man pajamas as he reached up to climb the bed. At first he struggled and elicited frustrated coos, earning him a laugh from me, but he ultimately was able to heave himself up.

"Hey kiddo!" I smiled as he ran into my arms, nearly knocking me over. "Whoa! Aren't you strong?" I tickled his belly and he giggled. "One day you'll grow up to be big and strong like your old dad."

Jace eyed me oddly and poked my bicep with a tiny finger. "Daddy doesn't seem so strong,"

I gave him a fake yet appalled look with a small frown as Elsa chuckled, her hand covering her mouth. "Is that so?" I grinned and ruffled Jace's hair for good measures. "Well, then I challenge you to an arm wrestling competition. Let the best man win!"

"Jack, he's only seven," Elsa scoffed but that didn't stop her from smiling.

"I know, I know," I traced a finger over Jace's cheek but he swatted me away, scuttling over to Elsa on all fours. She beamed and wrapped him into a warm embrace, placing a kiss on the top of his head. "Maybe we'll do it when you're older, huh buddy?" Jace had no response back; however, he was nuzzling up to Elsa, erupting into a giggling fit as she rubbed a hand over his back and whispered kind words down to him, a smile on her lips the entire time.

"Are you hungry, sweetie?" Elsa asks Jace.

"Yeah!" He exclaims, giving her a lopsided smile that was absent of one of his two front teeth.

"C'mon then," she pushes the bed covers off and stands up, stretching her arms while yawning. Jace jumps off of the bed and races out of the room; his bare feet could be heard pattering loudly as he moved down the hallway. Elsa paused before the dresser and snatched up a brush, continuing to entangle the knots in her hair. As she was going to style her hair into a messy ponytail, Jace's head popped in from around the door-frame.

"Hurry up, mommy!" He says before darting away from sight.

Elsa laughs softly and finishes up the last touches on her ponytail. "I swear, that boy is going to be the death of me," she murmured, rubbing a hand across her face.

"That's what you said about me," I commented, grinning devilishly.

"You're such a dork," she shakes her head as she walks to the door, stopping just before stepping out. "But I love you. Oh, do you mind waking Ellie up? I'm sure she wouldn't be too happy about missing out on pancakes for breakfast." With that, she slipped out, leaving me lying lazily in bed. I gathered all the sufficient energy that I had inside me and got up from the comfortable mattress. The sweatpants that I currently wore stuck to my sweaty legs, making matters even worse; I decided to shed them and trade them for a pair of dark grey basketball shorts.

I trudged out of my bedroom and towards Ellie's room; I ruffled my hair with a hand, but I knew it was going to stay disheveled, like it always was. Ellie's bedroom door came into view; her name was spelled out in curly, bold letters colored in with pink and glittering sparkles. I opened the door slowly, wincing slightly as it creaked, and took a peek inside. The room was small compared to the others within the house, and all four walls were painted a rosy color. There was a chest in the corner overflowing with stuffed animals and a rather large dollhouse that had dolls scattered all around it. I stepped in, leaving the door cracked open, and went up to Ellie's bedside.

The five-year old was in a deep sleep, brown locks covering her purple pillow. She had a pink blanket with tiny cats dotting all over it wrapped around her frail body and a doll clutched close to her chest. I smiled, relishing in her cuteness, and crouched down to her level. It was no doubt she got her looks from her mother; even though her eyes were closed, I knew they were like jeweled sapphires, the same shade as Elsa's. Her button nose, round face, and thin lips were all acquired from Elsa, but the chestnut hue of her hair was obviously from me, even if my hair was bleached at the moment.

As if my very presence triggered an alarm in her head, Ellie awoke, eyelids snapping open to divulge a jaded glimmer. She moved around and yawned, stretching her limbs in all directions.

"Hey there, my princess," I say and stroke a piece of tangled hair away from her forehead.

"Hi, daddy," she smiles and throws her arms into the air, practically begging me to pick her up. I chuckle softly, scooping my arms under her and heaving her up against me. She was as light as a feather, completely contrasting the bulkiness of her brother.

"Wow, you're quite the sleeper, aren't you?" I press a kiss on top of her head. She shrugs her shoulders and giggles as she attempts to play with my hair. I jerk my head away, laughing as she lunged forward, her stubby fingers barely missing me by what could be a centimeter. "Hey now! No need to mess with daddy's hair," I grin playfully. "His hair is already as messy as ever."

I took her out of the room and began making my way downstairs to the kitchen. Ellie had an arm around my neck and she sucked her thumb on the hand; she looked around for a bit, head rotating to glance at framed pictures hanging on the walls or even to stare at me, but I felt a weight against my shoulder as she laid her head, drifting into what could be sleep. As I reached the last step of the staircase, the aroma of pancakes and bacon wafted to my nose. Wait, bacon? Oh boy, that was one of my weaknesses.

I went into the kitchen; it was a spacey room decorated with various cooking devices, a grand, shiny silver refrigerator, and a granite counter with dark mahogany bar stools where meals would be eaten. Elsa was standing in front of the oven, tending to a sizzling fry pan of bacon, while Jace ran around like a lunatic. I sighed as I placed Ellie down. Jace was always very energetic and lacked any serenity whatsoever. I didn't mind it that much; boys will be boys, after all, and I think he got all that hyperactive behavior from me. At times it would go overboard and I would have to tell him to tone it down a notch, but that was rare. Elsa, however, had no patience for that and was usually the one to scold Jace. I still laugh at the fact of it.

"Jace, quit running," I chastised him, but in a gentle tone. He stopped on command and looked to me with wide eyes. I couldn't help but crack a smile. "Can you help me set up the table?"

"Okay," He walked up to the cabinet that held the place mats, and in the meantime I went up to Elsa, wrapping my arms around her from behind. She gasped softly in surprise, but relaxed from her tension as she realized it was only me.

"That smells
amazing
," I murmur as I press a kiss against her neck. I feel her shiver and smirk mischievously; my hand slides down her waist and to the exposed skin of her thighs, and the other inches up to her bust, gently groping. She tenses once again, her hand coming up to push mine away. I sulked in defeat and allowed my hands to fall to my sides.

"Jack, we can't do this, the kids are here," she warned, her voice etched with deliberation.

A short laugh rumbled in my throat. "I know, I was just teasing." I gave her a one last kiss on her temple and turned away. Jace was sloppily putting the place mats on top of the table while Ellie observed from a distance, holding her doll in one hand by its flimsy arm. That's when a thought seized my mind, hauling me into the realm of remembrance. I looked to my precious daughter, smiling, before darting out of the kitchen.

"Where you going, daddy?" Jace's voice rang out almost immediately.

"Uh, just getting something!" I called back. "I'll be right back." I clambered up the stairs and to my bedroom. There was a small, glossy wooden box perched upon the cupboard next to the bed, and I unlatched the lock, proceeding to slowly raise it open. Inside was a wad – and that was a figure of exaggeration since there were only about four – of papery rectangular tickets that could fool you into thinking it was made out of metallic tinfoil. I picked it up and read the imprinted, bold letters for the time being. It had "Disney World" typed down with an array of smaller words, numbers, and a picture of the magic kingdom with Mickey Mouse ears in the background.

To commemorate Ellie's birthday, which was only days away, I decided to buy her tickets to Disney World; they were not just for her, but the whole family. Though they were expensive, I knew it was all worth it in the end. I wished to give her the best present possible, and what's not great about having the chance to go to the best theme park in America? I admit that I'm not quite fond of Disney, being the typical coot that I am, but I'll make an exception for someone like my own daughter. Plus, I knew Elsa loves it, and Jace was really into Toy Story and the boyish elements of Disney.

I tucked the tickets into my pocket and made my way back into the kitchen. When I entered, Jace was already seated, stuffing strips of bacon into his mouth. Ellie sat across from him and picked finically at the cut-up pieces of her own dish, frowning slightly as a chunk of pancake slid stubbornly off of her fork. I walked up to the table and pulled out a chair, staring at her with a sly grin.

Ellie noticed and eyed me, her thin eyebrows arching. "What?"

"Well…" I sighed and leaned back, raking a hand through my hair. "You know how your birthday's coming up soon?"

She nodded, her eyes trained intensely on me even when she crammed a honking piece of pancake in her tiny mouth. Syrup dribbled down her chin and I laughed, obligingly wiping it away with a napkin. When I finished, I reached into my pocket and brought out the tickets. Ellie wrinkled her nose in anticipation, gawking in silence at what was in my hand. I placed the tickets face-down on the table and slid them toward her.

"I just wanted to give you these. Happy early birthday, darling."

Ellie carefully picked up the tickets and flipped them over. For a second, her face was blank as she looked them over, eyes clouded with an emotionless haze. But as she took some time to register what exactly she was reading, a wide smile flared up over her lips.

"OMIGOSH!" She leaped out of her chair, clutching the tickets tightly in her hands, and hopped up and down in place. Jace realized what was happening and directed his gaze at the commotion, but that didn't stop him from eating the last bits of his breakfast. Elsa moved over next to me and rested her hand on the back of my chair.

"Whoa, what's going on here?" she asks.

"Ah, lemme explain," I stand up and glance from Elsa to Ellie, who was basking in her glory as she twirled around in excitement. Jace was still unfazed as he stared out of the window, chewing nonchalantly. "I'm fully aware that I have not told you or Jace about this, but I bought us tickets to Disney World."

"What?!" Jace's eyes snapped over to me. "You mean I get to meet Buzz Lightyear and ride Splash Mountain?"

I chuckled. "Sure, bud,"

"Wait, Jack," Elsa says. "I'm grateful – and also happy – about this, but where'd you get the money?"

"I withdrew the money from my personal stash of money. But no worries, the office pays me pretty well anyways." I say and give her a reassuring smile.

Ellie runs up to me and crashes into my legs with a fierce hug. "Thank you, thank you, daddy! You're the best!" I grin and crouch down, stroking her cheek softly with my fingers.

"You're welcome, baby girl." I peck her on the forehead.

"Hold on," Ellie gives me a look. "Is Uncle Kristoff and Auntie Anna coming along?"

"Actually, yes," I say, and sneak a peek at Elsa to my side. "Kristoff and I have been secretly planning this whole trip. Him, Anna, and your cousins, Aiden and Cara, will be meeting us there when the time arrives."

"Yay!" Ellie claps her hands enthusiastically. "Ooh, can I meet Cinderella?"

"Of course."

"And Ariel?"

"Yep."

"And Belle?"

"Uh-huh."

"And Pocahontas?"

I laugh. "You can meet as many princesses as you want." She squealed and gave me another hug before preparing to bolt away, but I stopped her just in time. "Wait! A good princess always finishes up her plate." I gesture to her half-eaten pancakes and she does exactly as I ordered her to. Elsa leans her head on my shoulder and I wrap an arm around her waist, pulling her close to me.

It looks like I will be going on yet another wild adventure in a whole new world.

And I don't mind one bit.



And that's a wrap! I must say, this has been one hell of a ride. I never thought I would actually complete a story, but look, I just did! First off, I would like to thank everyone, and I mean EVERYONE, who has reviewed/favorited/followed. For those who have left a review, I love you and if it weren't for your awesome feedback, I would be crying in my own loneliness (probably not.)



There are a few amazing people who I would like to personally acknowledge on here. You have proven to be loyal followers (in other words, you have reviewed on almost every chapter) and have said the nicest things ever. If you don't see your name, please don't take it the wrong way. Just know that you are all equally wonderful in my eyes :)




Dr. Archangel






A Battle Inside My Heart





IShipJelsabecauseImaJelsaLover





hscp1





Guests


(you know who you are)



I also have some awesome news to tell. First, I am writing a smut one-shot that takes place during Jack and Elsa's honeymoon (it most likely occurs after chapter 29 in this story). I'm not exactly sure when it will be posted, but expect it soon enough. Keep an eye out for it and check my profile for anything new.



Second, I am writing yet another fanfiction! :D And even better, it's a Frozen/RotG crossover, particularly Jelsa! Do you need a break from the romance/drama genres and need some action in your reading life? Do you like Assassin's Creed? Do you like the pairing of Jack and Elsa? If you've answered yes to all, or maybe one or two, of these questions, then I've got what you need! Me and my close friend,
Dr. Archangel
, are collaborating together on a story that will be split into two separate parts. It's centered around the same plot, but I will be writing in Elsa's POV and his in Jack's. Oh, and it's set in an Assassin's Creed AU. Exciting, right?



I hope to see you all when that comes around to being published.



Goodbye for now! :)



-Ninja


>