

The week had gone uneventful for Ayumi; learn things in school, avoid people…

Read her diary to see if there was something new, something to help people.

She had helped a girl that almost fell from some stairs, saved someone from getting intoxicated from a bad sandwich, and even helped a victim of bullying by going with a teacher in the exact moment when it happened.

Still, she didn't feel it was enough. Sure, she had helped a lot of people, but it wasn't any close to what the Pretty Cures did.

"
If only I had a chance to help someone… to be like a Cure…"
Ayumi thought.

Just then, her phone sounded.

She saw the new entry…

And shocked with fear.

[13:53] Killed by Cure Rouge.

DEAD END.

"
Dead… End?"
Ayumi thought, her mind now running with fear and adrenaline.
"And By a Cure? This doesn't have any sense!"


It was then when she saw the watch.

Only five minutes were left.

Then she saw a previous entry.

[13:48] Dodged fireball from nowhere.

As in cue, a big ball of fire appeared. As the diary had predicted, Ayumi managed to avoid it.

"Wh-What the hell?!"

"Aw, and I was sure I would end this without having to fight… oh well." She heard a voice from the shadows. When she turned around, she saw a girl with red hair.

Ayumi recognized it. She was Cure Rouge, of the Yes! Pretty Cure 5 group.

"You… You are-"

"Cure Rouge, yes. And you… who are you, First?" the mentioned Cure asked.

"F-First? I don't know what are you talking about!" Ayumi shouted.

"Of course you don't know what am I talking about... First." The Cure said the last word with hate. "And of course your diary doesn't predict the future…"

As she said that, she took a book from a pocket she had. "And it looks like I failed badly only because of destiny… oh well. Your time to die is in less than five minutes…" She grinned like a maniac. "AND I WILL ENJOY EACH SECOND OF IT!"

She started to launch fire balls to Ayumi, who started to run away from her. Meanwhile, her mind was racing with thoughts and fear. Why did a Cure want to kill her? What did she mean by First?

She didn't have time to ask or think. 3 minutes left. She ran through the entire school, dodging Rouge's fire balls.

Soon, she was trapped in the roof of the school without any way to escape. Her watch said there were five seconds until the dead line.

"Well, well, well. It looks someone will die here and now." Rouge said, charging a big fire ball. "And you won't attack me, so, guess what? I'S YOU!"

She threw the ball of flames to Ayumi, who closed her eyes, trying to not see the hit that would kill her...



PRECURE, HAPPY SHOWER!



And then, a big heart blocked the flames, which exploded in a flash of pink, harmless energy.

Ayumi opened her eyes, to see another Cure in front of her. She had two big pink pigtails, and a frilly outfit.

"Cure Happy…" Ayumi said the name of the Cure.

She turned, and smiled at the girl.

"Hi, Ayumi!"




Sorry for the wait, the next chapter of Precure Diary is here! Nex time, a Cure dies!





... Wow, it feels weird writting that... Oh, well. See ya later!



>