


I would like the thank
Frozen
for corrupting my brain, until I decided to try my hand at writing for the Internet after years of inactivity. I would also like to thank you readers for taking your time to read this stuff.



Basically,
Have Courage, Elsa
is what happens when you let a high school student run wild with the idea of a potential
Frozen
sequel. Specifically, a teenager who can only pay attention to a book long enough if it was part of
The Dresden Files.
It will definitely show, as I try my best to channel a literal Chinese (Taiwanese?) Jim Butcher knock-off.



I probably just insulted his name by comparing myself to him, so forgive me if I were to disappear into the night due to mysterious circumstances.



All rights belong to Disney. That is what I'm supposed to say, right?




Chapter 1


A Bedtime Story


"Elsa! Elsa! Wake up! Papa's gonna read us a story!"

"Tell him I'm too tired!"

"Elsaaaaa..." Someone tugged at the little girl, shaking her loose from her position.

"Oh all right!" Elsa opened her eyes, blinking as a brightly freckled, pudgy face staring back at her with unabashed glee. Her pigtails bounced up and down with every hyperactive hop, and she grinned at her favorite sister with tiny teeth. Little Anna had been pulling at Elsa's arm with all her might, hoping that her chubby arms could yank her big sister out of her bed. Unfortunately for the tot, she was but a small girl, and her most valiant efforts proved fruitless.

Next to Anna, a figure with broad shoulders and strong build towered over Elsa's bed, carrying a thick, heavily-mauled book. The man smiled at her, clearly amused by his younger daughter's antics.

"Hi Papa..." Elsa stretched and gave a yawn, hardly noticing that her loose hair was sticking all over the place with little dignity. An idle strand brushed past Anna's nose, prompting the little girl to sniffle and scratch at it.

"That hairstyle is hardly becoming of that of a princess, young lady." The King remarked solemnly. Then, he began to chuckle. "But I'll let this slide for once. Ready for a story, young one?"

"Huh? Oh, sure..."

The King gave another smile, and sat on the bed gently. Anna, being the toddler she was, crawled up with much less grace, struggling to lift her leg over the sheets. In the end, she required the assistance of the king's arm to finally prop her up. She bounced on the bed several times to make herself comfortable, before finally calming long enough to sit down.

"Now listen, you two," the King whispered, a mischievous glint sparkling in his eyes. They shone brightly in the light of the full moon through the bedroom window. "What I am about to tell is a scary tale, passed down from my great-great grandfather, to my great-grandfather, to my-"

"Grandfather?" Elsa flatly interjected.

"No, to my aunt. Don't interrupt." He grinned at her, though. "If you mother found out what I am about to tell you, she'll have my ears for breakfast. So, be warned, children." He leaned forward and whispered conspiratorially. "This is not just a legend, but a true story that my ancestors experienced before coming to Arendelle. Can you two guarantee that you will be able to sleep tonight after I'm done?"

"Uh-huh, uh-huh! Tell me, tell me now!" Anna said, practically bouncing off the walls with her excitement. Elsa smiled at her, but thought pensively to herself with a frown: She was already enjoying a good sleep before Anna and Papa interrupted her. If she were to lose rest over this, both would have deal with a
very
cross Elsa in the morning. Perhaps a frostbite to their butts would suffice. "Okay."

The King's face brightened. "Alright! Here's how it goes..." He opened the book in his hand, whose pages have wrinkled and yellowed with age. Upon the sheets were runes scribbled all over, some faded and nearly illegible. Dust flew high into the air as the King flipped through the scripture, causing him to sneeze heavily and uncontrollably. His two daughters giggled at his expense.

"Ah, finally." He pointed at the beginning of a passage with a long finger. "Here it is. So, do you two know what is a Spøkelse is?"

Elsa just had to interrupt. "Come on Papa, everyone knows that ghosts do not exist!"

"Umm... Yeah! Elsa's right! They d- I mean, no, no they don't!" Anna piped.

The King raised his hands in protest. "I did not even start the story, and you two are making such a ruckus. Please dears, let me continue!" His two daughters settled down. He thought himself lucky that he was blessed with two such incredibly spirited girls, even if that meant he and his wife would have to deal with outbursts like this regularly.

The King of Arendelle cleared his throat. "So, this tale first began when your great-great grandfather Adam was but a young prince, the second son of his lineage. He once resided in the land of Ravendall, a beautiful kingdom that was famous for its expansive stretches of forests and waterfalls." He smiled at them. "The prince was fearless, strong, adventurous, and maybe just a tad foolish. You see, unlike most people, he loved to explore Ravendall's deep wilderness."

"Why would that be strange?" Elsa remarked.

"That's because the forests were very old. They have been there since Adam's ancestors first came across and settled the land, many, many centuries ago. Many secrets lie within them, hidden for ages to come." The King waggled his fingers and eyebrows to emphasize his point, prompting the little girls to giggle at him. "There have been stories of brave and foolhardy men and women walking into the forests, and never coming back. Most believed that those who entered remained lost for eternity, forever looking for a way back to civilization. Not to mention all of the monsters and creatures one could find in there, looking to capture a human to make into their meal."

"What kind of creatures?" Anna squeaked, petrified. Elsa merely rolled her eyes.

"Creatures that have little love for sunlight. Elves, denizens of the Fae, goblins, giants, and even trolls!"

"Wow... that's so many..."

"But, as I have said before, your ancestor Prince Adam was brave and strong. He would repeatedly ride into the forests with his trusty horse and sword, and come back well and unscathed. He developed a reputation for being a little loopy-" the two sisters snickered at the word, "-among the royal court, but he was a favorite among the townsfolk. Children gathered around him as he told stories of how he bravely defied death, and would even bring treasures that were clearly not created by human hands as proof. A blanket of woven moss, an axe stained with the blood of its giant owner, goblets made of gold and adorned with the most brilliant sapphires, and other such oddities. Such bounty made his kingdom very rich, and Prince Adam did not hesitate to share the wealth with his subjects."

Until then, the King had been recounting this tale with a fond smile, no doubt nostalgia for the times when he first heard these tales from his own relatives. Now, he sobered almost immediately and appeared quite grave. Elsa and Anna looked at him with confusion.

"Then, one day, he came back from his regular excursions, a changed man. He became paranoid, always afraid someone is tailing him, haunting his thoughts everywhere. Prince Adam locked himself in his room out of fear, believing that a shadow will to come to pass over the kingdom. His brother, the King of Ravendall, clearly knew something went wrong in the forests. He made a thorough investigation, asking experts in all kinds of fields to remedy his brother, who continued to ramble about the end of times.

"The day after, Prince Adam's madness proved correct. A darkness conquered the beautiful landscape and overtook the castle, spreading fear and discord within the kingdom. Thick mist hung in the air and infested the city, causing all who tried to escape to find themselves back where they first started. Trying to walk straight through the fog caused men to bump back into their fellows moments after. The skies became perpetually dark, even with the sun shone brightly. The worst part was the cold."

Elsa perked up her ears at the word.

"There was a chill that pervaded the entire town, chilling the water, killing plants and animals, even without frost or snow appearing anywhere. Soon enough, when there was nothing else to extinguish, the darkness began stripping the life of the townsfolk. They died in despair, utterly powerless against this evil force."

Elsa could hardly believe such an absurd tale.
Lightless days? Evil shadows? Ha!


Anna, who was sitting quietly for once, was in contrast completely hooked. Her eyes were bugging out so hard, Elsa thought they were going to pop right out.

The King continued, "That was when a Noaidi, a priest of the Sami people, came in. You see, he was a very talented man. Learned in the ways of trolls, he entered the kingdom, unperturbed by the mystic fog, darkness, and cold, and demanded the presence of the King. What other choice did the ruler have? He let the Noaidi in his castle.

"What the priest told the King was astounding. The source of the misfortune was the cause of a dark spirit whoangry with its own life, and lashed out at others in death. It was attracted to the joy spread by Prince Adam, for people can only succumb more to despair if they experienced great happiness first.

The solution to the plague wrought upon Ravendall was awful; the king must banish his brother, Prince Adam, from the kingdom, into the forests of Ravendall, so the spirit could leave his people alone and follow Adam back into the woods. The Prince should be fortunate, the Noaidi reasoned to the older brother, as his knowledge of the grounds were expansive, and could easily lose the spirit, trapping it in the haunted forests once more.

"With a heavy heart, the king sent his beloved brother away with the Noaidi, armed with only his sword, horse, and a couple days of provisions. There were many tears shed, as the brothers knew Adam could never come back unless he risked the spirit's return. The two men left the fog, never to see the King again. After what seemed like forever, the darkness faded, the mist disappeared, and light shined upon Ravendall once more.

"You would have to thank your ancestor for his fortune. The Noaidi's plan worked, and Adam was rid of the spirit's presence. He gained peace of mind, and eventually found home in a small village, which quickly grew into a rich kingdom with his advice and leadership. That kingdom, as you may have probably guessed, was Arendelle.

"Some say, however, that the Spøkelse is still in the forest, forever trying to find the Prince who cheated it out of its prize."

With that finally said, the King closed the book. "That's enough for tonight," he said. "I hope you enjoyed that little tale I told you."

"I loved it! I really really did!" Anna squealed. She made swings with an imaginary sword, flailing her legs and pigtails back and forth wildly, before slipping on the sheets and falling bodily onto the bed. "I hope I grow up to be brave, just like Adam! Don't you Elsa?"

"Huh, me? I-I think that being brave is great too!" Elsa frowned. "But, is it true that the King and Adam never saw each other again?"

Her father gave a sad smile. "Yes, that is unfortunately the truth..."

"I hope that never happens with me and Anna..." Elsa looked at her baby sister, whom she was not surprised to see already tucked (and in the wrong bed, mind you) next to Elsa and passed out. Elsa stroked Anna's hair with a cool hand.

The King smiled. "I have little reason to think that situation will happen anytime soon... Goodnight, my children."

"Goodnight Papa."

Her father closed the door. Elsa turned her head to the window, briefly entertaining the thought of being a hero, riding on a horse with sword raised high. She would never had let anyone die, she thought, and would never be separated from her sister, who, typical of her, began to snore and drool on Elsa's pillow. Elsa, slightly grossed out but amused, drifted into a restful sleep.




Look, even if you don't review regularly, drop some comments. I want to know how can I improve, and the resulting headache of writing a story (which I am suffering right now) will alleviate with some acknowledgement. It's selfish of me, but I want to know.





Also, for those who are interested, I go by the name of cheffailure on Tumblr. I'll post updates on my progress, as well as answer any questions you may have on the story.




See you guys soon, fans of
Frozen.



>