


No Escape from Reality


a.k.a. No Need for Sympathy


For those of you who still remember who I am and what I do, let me set things straight:
This series, as of now, is on an indefinite hiatus.


This would make this the third self-published work I ever managed to get off the ground, only for the enthusiasm to slow down and die off. I guess there are many factors to blame, like the fact that I'm not really cut out for the college life as it turns out (not that I was kicked out, but my brother has been keeping track of my gray hairs), procrastination, bad habits, lack of attention, and simple fandom burnout. Story-wise, I can't even bear to look at this work anymore. I'm sure many of you can sympathize I've lost track of all my threads, and the next few chapters would have requested an intense, aggressive mindset that I just can't bring up anymore. If I came back to this as of now, it would just feel... dead. Like (insert your hated TV show here), who refuses to quit while it was still ahead. In other words, this kind of story-driven writing is ultimately not something I can maintain for long, and it's real depressing to admit that. I've invested too much into this, and I can't even finish it for the rest of you guys.

Does this mean I'll be gone forever?

Actually... I have some news to announce. For months, I've been thinking up a series that I
can
maintain, one that still involves little ol' Elsa. I like her too much for my own good.

Anyway, the story. Well... on paper it will sound a lot like Enchanted (the one about a Disney Girl adjusting to New York). That is where the similarities end.

In reality, what I'm doing is dropping the platinum-blondie into a crass sci-fi action/slice-of-life story. Not an Alternate Universe fic, goodness no. I'm dropping the big fish of the pond right into an ocean. With smartphones. And robots. And eldritch wonders. And seven-feet tall college girls. Maybe even dinosaurs, depending on how far-fetched I want this thing to be. Hopefully I'm not accidentally writing a superhero story, because that is not what I'm aiming for.

Look, I'm trying to revive a premise that got me writing in the first place, and unlike
Have Courage, Elsa
, my love for it has never vanished. Just look at my avatar and images in my now-defunct Tumblr for proof. Even better, most of it will be written in mostly-stand-alone vignettes, so if I were to stop writing again, I won't be leaving too much hanging like I did with this series.

Please understand that what I am going to write is going to be my thing, 100%. No pandering to anyone else whatsoever. It is up to you guys on whether to come along on this ride or not, and I really, really hope you do.

Before I say goodbye, check my Tumblr for real. I had
comickergirl
do something for me months ago for Christmas. I know I owe so much more to you guys than that, but it's what I have, and I hope it brightens your day just a little.

See you later.

-Chef Failure

>