

The snacks Girth had brought this time around were frosted cookies with adorable little faces representing different races decorating them. Anakin couldn't help but look at them with mild disapproval. Why would anyone waste such time on frivolous, pointless embellishments? Still, they tasted good, and because Anakin hadn't finished the Tatooinian drinks from last time (apparently Girth had used a stasis unit of some sort because the beverage seemed as fresh as ever) they had bantha milk with Courscanti treats. It was an amusingly different combination and Anakin found the cultural contrast offsetting his initial distaste.

"So, Anakin," Girth said with a smile. "Last time we went through how you go about acknowledging your feelings. I'd like to continue on that path today if you don't mind. So I'm going to say a word or a phrase and it will have to do with either your every-day life or something common in the news and I want you to tell me, truthfully and accurately, how you feel about whatever subject I say. Is that alright?"

Anakin twitched uneasily but nodded. This sounded like it was going to be uncomfortable.

"Alright, how do you feel about your bed?"

Anakin blinked for a few seconds. "My...bed?"

Girth nodded. "Yes. The one you have here in the Temple."

"Oh," the former Sith said, wondering what on Courscant this had to do with mind-healing. Still, he didn't have any reason to not answer something so simple. Perhaps Girth was simply establishing a 'safe' subject to begin with.

"It is nice." Girth raised an eyebrow when Anakin didn't answer further. Anakin wanted to roll his eyes, but refrained. He got the message.

"It is comfortable and adequate and allows me to sleep."

"Alright. Is it soft or hard?"

Anakin thought. "Intermediate, leaning towards the hard side."

"And how would you feel if you didn't have that bed?"

He really wasn't understanding the question (or the line of questioning for that matter). "Then I would simply have another bed."

"And if you didn't? For whatever reason."

"I would sleep where I could."

"Is that what you used to do on Tatooine?" Ah, he was establishing more background information. That made some sense. It was a very round-about way of asking though. He wondered why the mind-healer hadn't come outright and just asked.

"No, I had my own bed on Tatooine. It was, most often, filled with sand, but it served its purpose, and I used it exclusively." Girth most assuredly caught that Anakin never said the bed belonged to him, but he also undoubtedly realized that it hadn't been a huge problem. Anakin had hated not owning his own things, but he'd lived in relative comfort for a slave. If he had wanted for anything, he'd simply scrounge around until he found something that would make do. It hadn't been his biggest problem with his life before the Jedi, just one of many unpleasant results of the situation he was born into.

"Alright, but how do you feel about your bed now?"

The pointlessness was starting to annoy him, but he thought honestly about the question nonetheless.

"I suppose I like it," he said a little uncertainly. He didn't feel particularly strongly towards the bed, but it was comfortable and supported his body as it needed to.

"You suppose?"

Anakin frowned. "Very well, I do rather like it."

"Very good," Girth said with a smile. "I'll move on. You mentioned sand. How do you feel about that?"

If Anakin had been the age he looked, he would have made a face. As it was, his frown turned into a very mild scowl of distaste. "There is little good about sand. It is a vile substance that is annoying at best, deadly at worst."

The drall furrowed his brow slightly, whiskers twitching in puzzlement. "Deadly?"

Anakin allowed himself a small, grim smile. "I assume you have never lived on a desert planet." Girth shook his head in confirmation. "A single grain of sand weighs almost nothing and is easily swept along by a strong enough wind. However, sand is rough and relatively hard and if tossed about with enough strength, it can easily take off a skin cell or two. Imagine being caught in a sand storm with millions of grains in the air. I doubt you can comprehend the pain of a death consisting of having your skin peeled off your bones a few cells at a time."

The puzzlement faded, but Girth's whiskers seemed to twitch faster and his troubled expression did not leave his face.

"Was this a threat you often faced? A punishment perhaps?"

"Not personally." Anakin had been lucky in that regard. "But it was not uncommon for a slave owner to leave a servant in a storm for a certain amount of time as punishment."

"And how did you feel when you heard of such occurrences?"

For the first time that session, Anakin found it difficult to answer. He'd been expecting something like this, but it still seemed to be just as difficult as ever to analyze and accurately communicate his feelings. He wondered if that was a personal failing or his Jedi background coming into play.

"People I knew would be tortured and left in pain for the smallest of slights. How should I have felt?"

"Ah," Girth held up one stubby finger and claw, "but that wasn't the question. How you are 'supposed' to feel varies with the society you live in. That is not the focus of this session. How you actually feel is what we are trying to ascertain.

"You see, Anakin, honesty—especially with yourself—is the beginning of the process of understanding, which (as I said before) can eventually lead to peace and happiness. Honesty is the first step to healing, because you have to acknowledge that there is a problem to mend. Healing helps you gain peace of mind. If you don't acknowledge a problem exists, how can you ever fix it?"

The drall smiled and went on as Anakin listened warily. "The problem with honesty is that it can be very painful. This is getting caught up in the 'shoulds' and 'shouldn'ts' again because people are ashamed if they don't conform to what they think they should be feeling or what they think other people want them to conform to. Now sometimes conforming can be good and healthy. Often, though, it is harmful and drives people to hide what they feel and feign that it doesn't exist in order to pretend that they are everything they think they should be.

"Does that make sense, Anakin?"

Anakin thought about it for a moment. Yes, he could see the logic in that. He could even come up with hundreds of examples and saw such tendencies in himself to an extent.

"Yes," he said after a short silence.

Apparently that was all Girth needed to continue. "Now, a lot of people are ashamed of what they feel, for whatever reason. That is what I would like to help you work past. Once you can acknowledge something honestly, you can then consciously decide whether that is an obstacle you wish to overcome, or a trait you would like to keep.

"So," Girth smiled broadly, although he didn't show his teeth this time, "with that in mind, please tell me honestly how you felt when you heard of the way other slaves were treated. I promise you that whatever it was that you felt, I will not judge you."

Anakin seriously doubted that. No single person could really be that unbiased. However, he did appreciate the thought and he could see the truth in the mind-healer's words. So, even though he found it uncomfortable, he thought back to those times in his life and tried to analyze what he remembered feeling.

"I felt bad for them," he said, unaware that his words had suddenly become much simpler. "I hated seeing them hurt like that, and it...s-scared me."
That
had been difficult to say. "I didn't want that to happen to me or mom. I also...f-felt grateful that we had never been punished like that." And didn't that sound awful? 'Glad it's them and not us' was not the mentality of a Jedi. Perhaps he really had just been a Sith waiting to happen from day one.

"You sound ashamed of that. Why?"

Anakin glanced up to see a genuinely curious expression on the fur-covered face across from him. "I shouldn't find relief from other people's pain," he said feeling his cheeks heat up. Since when had he had such problems with control?

To his surprise, Girth smiled. "Ah, there are the 'shoulds' and 'shouldn'ts' again. In this case, I do think you are correct that feeling happy because of others' pain is not a desirable trait. However, you didn't take joy from their pain so much as you took relief from your lack of pain. If you could have stopped their torture, would you have tried?"

Anakin didn't hesitate, although his answer was a little dry. "Yes." The irony. As a youngling, he had wanted little more than to stop others' pain. As an adult he had always only caused it.

Girth's smile became more gentle but seemed so much more supportive at the same time. "Then, with that in mind, can you honestly say you took pleasure from their suffering? What you felt is absolutely normal and nothing to be ashamed of. I would even go so far as to call it a good trait because you could acknowledge another's suffering and at least sympathize if not empathize with them. That, my boy, is the mark of a good person."

The variations were there. They were nuances, but for the first time in his life, Anakin could see them and he could understand the enormous difference they made. He'd always felt guilty when it had come to other slaves and their suffering, and as such, he had never consciously realized before that feeling relief in that kind of a situation was alright. More importantly, if what Girth said was true, his guilt and relief didn't make him naturally dark, but simply
human.
It made sense logically, and wouldn't he have thought the same of any slave he had come across as Anakin Skywalker (and maybe even as Darth Vader). Wasn't the idea of expecting something different of himself simply holding himself to a double standard of sorts?

The realization seemed to click in his head, and he suddenly felt a sense of hope bubble up from under the layers of disparaging blackness that had stifled his soul for so long; a hope that maybe he really could succeed in overcoming the darkness. And on top of it all, if he decided, he could work on eradicating the guilt, purging it from his system now that he knew of it and realized just how he actually
didn't
deserve it (and wasn't that a novel concept?). He still wasn't convinced he could (or should) rid himself of every emotion, but this was a good place to start.

"Now," Girth said, drawing Anakin from his thoughts. "Let's return to the exercise: How do you feel about cleaning droids?"

For the rest of the session, they went through various objects and how Anakin felt about them. Some of them were very simple (the clothes he wore, mechanics, etc.) others a bit more complex (food—he had a time explaining that without letting anything slip—his fellow initiates and the recent election).

Fortunately, if Anakin said he didn't want to talk about anything, Girth would drop the subject and move on. By the time they reached the end of the session, Anakin was sure that he'd become an expert at examining his emotions in relation to just about anything...which had probably been the mind-healer's goal all along, now that he thought about it.

"Well done, Anakin," Girth said finally, a large smile gracing his face as he glanced at the clock. "Well, it looks like our session is about done. I'm actually going to give you an assignment due at our next session. I'd like you to write an essay on the Jedi Temple for me. You don't have to give me any details you're not comfortable with sharing, I'm mainly looking for how you feel about it. I would like it to be at least a page long, but any length will be acceptable as long as I can tell that you put some thought and effort into it.

"Now I will say that I was going to give you two assignments, but there has been a slight change of plans."

"Oh?" Anakin asked warily.

"Yes," Girth said, his smile turning apologetic. "Something has come up with my family next week, so Master Xio and I have traded days, so to speak. You will be seeing me again in five days*, when you would normally see Master Xio, and you will see her during our normal time. Is this acceptable to you?"

Anakin wanted to ask what had come up, wanted to make sure nothing was out of the ordinary (it was an old habit that had only gotten worse during his stint as Vader). Still, he couldn't very well pry for no reason, and really, it wasn't any of his business.

"Of course, Healer," he said with a respectful nod.

The drall chuckled. "Anakin, I told you, just call me Girth."

Anakin couldn't help but smile. "Very well, Girth."

xXx

If anyone in the universe understood that no one could ever truly understand the universe to its fullest extent, it would be Girth the Drall. He had come across more surprising happenings that didn't make sense in the slightest than most people could dream about in his tenure as a mind-healer. Truthfully, it was part of what he liked about his job. It was a challenge and no matter how similar the symptoms, every person he met with had different needs and required different treatments. He'd known the moment he'd heard the Jedi's request that this would be one of those extremely abnormal cases, if only because of the Jedi involvement. After all, how often did a slave child get freed only to be recruited as a protector of the Galaxy?

Then there was the fact that Anakin did not fit even in Girth's adapted preconceptions. To say that the boy went beyond his most extreme expectations was like calling a super-nova harmful. The boy was almost nothing like he'd expected. He'd originally pictured a broken child adjusting to a very new, very different lifestyle. What he got was a broken adult shoved into a child's body trying to adapt to a what he perceived as a different but still oppressive lifestyle—a lifestyle he obviously wanted to reject but, for whatever reason, wouldn't.

Truthfully, Girth found it mind-blowing as to just how unusual his new patient was. Anakin's reasoning skills were exceptional for almost any age, let alone a ten-year-old human. His comprehension of not only words but thought-processes, theories and ideas blew his mind and the boy's knowledge of certain subjects went beyond mastery level. If he didn't know any better, Girth would swear that Anakin Skywalker
was
an adult in most aspects...except for those few instances in which he wasn't. But even most of those could be accounted for in a traumatized adult forced into a new society and expected to blend in. It seemed to go against the young Jedi's nature to act like a child.

Add to that the fact that the boy acted more like a black operations war veteran Girth had helped treat as an intern than a recovering slave (although he saw signs of that as well—which did nothing to help with the utter complexity of the case). The whole situation overwhelmed Girth and he couldn't help but be grateful that he had another mind-healer in this instance. Anakin Skywalker had to be the most confusing and puzzling human Girth had ever met...and he came from the Corellian system.

As the mind-healer watched his young patient leave from their second (extremely successful in his opinion) session, he couldn't help but wonder just what Anakin Skywalker was hiding, because he was not normal. Unfortunately, he could not come up with a single explanation that fit. He'd seen children who had been forced to grow up too early, and this went way beyond that, even factoring in a genius level comprehension.

The boy was ready to change, though. Otherwise both of their efforts wouldn't have yielded this kind of a reaction. He could tell he'd helped the boy think. Time would only tell if that thinking would lead to acceptance and healing, but he felt (and hoped) they were on the right track. He was still wary about Anakin's progress though, because he'd seen patients respond just as well, if not better, who had reverted to their old ways—sometimes to an extreme. It always hurt to see that and he did not want Anakin to be the next failure. Well, he never wanted any of his patients to, but there was something different about his latest one...something grander; as if this boy really did have the universe resting on his shoulders somehow. He wasn't sure if it was the proximity to the Jedi or all of this strange talk of the Force that gave him his premonition, but he had a feeling that if Anakin failed to heal that the rest of the Galaxy would suffer.

Unfortunately, while he'd known that helping Anakin would not be easy from the beginning, he could now see just how many fears the boy held—abandonment, trust, love, the lack thereof...it was as if Anakin had somehow betrayed himself in the past regarding just about every one of his insecurities. He treated himself as if he were some sort of dangerous criminal he may not be able to control, and that went beyond worrying.

Still, he could only do the best he could and guide the boy forward one step at a time, and if those steps ended up being enormous strides, so much the better. He could hold out hope for this one, and he would do everything he could to help him.

Only after he'd examined that thought rather thoroughly did he realize that he'd already stopped looking at the whole case with a completely objective eye.

xXx

"Initiate Skywalker!" an unfamiliar voice called out. Anakin turned (probably a little more quickly than was strictly necessary) and saw a padawan he had only ever met in passing walk up to him. She was a purple-skinned Twi-lek with large, green eyes that would be striking on anyone, let alone a Twi-lek. Even at her young age, Anakin could tell she would grow into a very stunning woman. He wondered why he'd never met her before because he was sure that he would remember her (he doubted any man would forget her, even if he didn't look at any female besides Padme like that anymore).

"Yes?" he asked.

She raised an eyebrow. "I am Padawan Acria Hakyui, and I bring a message from Knight Kenobi."

Anakin wanted to groan. He should have known that Obi-wan wouldn't let him back out of this one.

"Yes, what is it...Padawan Hakyui?" He added the respectful address to the end of his question after feeling the curious annoyance through the Force. He was supposed to be respectful to anyone with a higher rank than himself, but he still found it difficult to be respectful to knights and masters, let alone Padawans.

She seemed satisfied with his answer as she nodded firmly and relayed her message. "He says if you are feeling up to it, he is going to the medical wing to visit his friend today, if you would like to join him."

And he had to repress a sigh at that. If any trait could be attributed to Obi-wan it was tenacity. If he knew Obi-wan, which he liked to think he still did to some extent at least, then he would probably get a similar invitation tomorrow or the day after and the next day, and so on. If he kept ducking out, it would make the older man wonder why and then Obi-wan would look into it and maybe uncover something he really shouldn't. It would really be in everyone's best interest if Anakin just went and got it over with.

"Very well," he said, bowing his head ever so slightly. "I will have to drop my bag off at my quarters first. Please inform him that I will come shortly."

The Padawan shot him a slightly puzzled look before shrugging. "Please don't keep him waiting," she said as she turned and hurried off down the hall. Anakin felt his fists clench. That brat of a Jedi dared to give him orders? It only took him a few seconds to calm down this time, though, for which he was immensely grateful. He'd never taken well to orders anyway, but sometimes he still found (to his shame) that his instinct was still to kill anyone weaker than him who annoyed him. Stupid Sith tendencies.

Shifting his bag on his shoulder, he turned and strode calmly back to his room.

Twenty minutes later he found himself approaching the healer's wing with growing trepidation. He kept it all firmly behind his shields, but he still was not looking forward to this. At all. Whatsoever. He didn't know how Siri would react to him, and he still had to touch base with her but knew he couldn't do so with Obi-wan in the room. He just couldn't see how this could be anything short of awkward at best, disastrous at worst.

Perhaps he could feign homework? No, he couldn't very well back out now, not without looking even more suspicious. Obi-wan and suspicious did not go well together. He always rooted out a problem if something didn't add up. Well, almost always.

Steeling himself, he walked stiffly through the door and into an empty reception area. He frowned. He'd been expecting Obi-wan to be waiting for him. Well, perhaps he'd already gone in to see Siri.

Nodding at the padawan behind the reception desk, he placed one wrist in his other hand behind his back and walked purposefully towards Siri's room. He reached it just as Bant came walking out of the door. She paused as soon as she saw him and bent down, smiling at him.

"Initiate Skywalker. I am glad to see you here. You can go right in. Obi-wan was expecting you."

"Thank you," Anakin said, forcing a smile and bowing respectfully. He didn't notice her curious glance follow him as he strode past her and into the room. Obi-wan sat on a chair besides the bed, smiling at Anakin as he approached. His hand rested on the bed besides Siri's and while they weren't touching, they did look suspiciously close.

Siri looked much better than the last time Anakin had seen her. Well, calmer at least. She didn't smile but only glared coldly at him as he approached. He could sense a touch of disgust from her through the Force and found it difficult to not simply roll his eyes in annoyed exasperation.

"Anakin!" Obi-wan said enthusiastically. "I'm glad you could join us. I would like to introduce you to a very good friend of mine. Anakin Skywalker, Jedi Padawan Siri Tachi. Siri, this is—"

"Your padawan," she said dryly.

Obi-wan looked a little taken aback, although Anakin wasn't sure if he'd been surprised by her tone or her words more. "No. I was only just knighted, Siri. I wouldn't want to take a padawan for at least a year if not more. I am by no means ready to have an apprentice at this point. I'm afraid that would just be detrimental to any child I took as a Padawan as well as myself."

It was Siri's turn to look surprised. "Not your padawan...but then...the Temple accepted him? At his age?"

Obi-wan smirked. "Yes, we were a little surprised ourselves. Still, the Council ruled for him to stay and so I thought I would introduce him to some of my most trusted friends here." With that he turned his smile down to Anakin.

For a moment, Anakin could forget all of the past between them and could take the gesture for what it was. He smiled back gratefully. Then Obi-wan gestured for him to take a seat and turned back to Siri, leaving Anakin wondering what had just happened.

"Besides, I thought you could use all the company you can get," the Knight said. "Weren't you just complaining about being bored?"

"Having strangers I've never met before waltz into my room like they own the place is not what I had in mind." Anakin turned an unimpressed gaze on her. Was that really the best she could come up with? With Obi-wan in the room, probably.

Obi-wan frowned in puzzlement. "I thought you'd like to meet him. I'm afraid I didn't take your situation into account. My apologies." And he said it with sincerity, not a touch of sarcasm although Anakin could hear the traces of confusion and disappointment.

Siri must have heard it to, because her face softened. "No, it's alright, Obi-wan. I was just surprised. That's all."

Anakin wanted to snort but somehow held it in. Instead he figured that this would be a good time to up play his 'child' act.

"Obi-wan introduced me to you when you were sick and I wanted to meet you. I'm sorry if it's a bad time." He tried to look confused and worried when he looked up at Obi-wan and then back at Siri.

Obi-wan watched him for a few moments, his expression unreadable. Then he nodded and looked back at Siri, thus missing the pointed look boarding on a smirk that Anakin shot her. She scowled at him but got the message he was trying to send:
Play along.


After that she sighed and shook her head. "I don't know what's come over me, Obi-wan. I'm sorry. I understand why you wanted to introduce us." With that she held out her hand to Anakin, although he could see it was strained. "Anakin, I'm Siri Tachi." That was about as good as they would get at the moment. Anakin wondered where her self control had gone. She used to be a fabulous actor who could take immense amounts of mental pressure and come out on top.

He forced a smile himself and took her hand, shaking it firmly. "
Anakin
Skywalker," he said, putting just the barest emphasis on his name to remind her that he'd aligned himself with the light again. Hopefully permanently. "Knight Kenobi has told me a lot about you."

"Oh really?" Siri asked, taking her hand back just a little too quickly and raising an accusing eyebrow at Obi-wan who put up his hands to placate her.

"Only that we are good friends and that you were in a coma."

At that she turned the expression onto Anakin, who shrugged. "And that we don't know why you were in a coma, and that he'd known you for a while, and that he didn't like seeing you look so lifeless like that."

Obi-wan turned to Anakin in surprise. "I don't remember telling you that."

Oh, right. He'd known that through their still existing bond. For a moment Anakin thought about it but then decided to run with it. Doing so would only emphasize his 'genius' and/or 'gifted' status.

"When we were in here before she woke up," he said with as much innocence and puzzlement as he could.

"I never said that aloud, Anakin," Obi-wan insisted.

Anakin simply blinked at him for several seconds before forcing himself to look down and away. "Oh."

Obi-wan stroked his chin with his hand and regarded Anakin for several seconds. Good. It meant he was putting it all together. Hopefully he wasn't putting
everything
together, but only what Anakin wanted him to. Well, time would tell.

"Anyway," Obi-wan said as he rose. "I need to go to a briefing soon. Anakin, we should probably leave Siri to rest."

"Already?" Anakin asked, hoping he put enough whine into his voice. That's what kids did, right? Well, Sith didn't whine...ever. He hadn't done that in more than a quarter of a century. Apparently it took Siri back too because she stared at him as if he'd suddenly grown two heads.

Obi-wan apparently bought it because he smiled down at the younger boy. "Yes, already."

"It's alright," Siri said from the bed, surprising both of them.

"What?" Obi-wan asked.

"I think we may have gotten off on the wrong foot," Siri said as she scratched the back of her neck in supposed embarrassment. Anakin knew it wasn't real, but was pleased to see that she could still pull off her acting when she needed to.

She turned a smile to Anakin, one that didn't touch her eyes. "Anakin, why don't you stay and we can get to know each other better."

Anakin raised his own sardonic eyebrow at her for a second before breaking out into a grin. "Ok!"

Obi-wan looked between them, puzzled. But after a moment, he seemed to shrug it off and walked towards the door.

"Very well then. I expect this room and preferably the Jedi Temple to be in one piece when I come back?"

"Oh, get going you nerf," Siri said, her smile suddenly genuine.

Obi-wan returned it, winked at Anakin and then left. They both stared at the empty door for a few seconds before Siri's expression cooled and she narrowed her eyes at Anakin.

"What a convincing act."

Anakin shrugged her displeasure off and sat on the chair Obi-wan had vacated. "We still share a bond, so I don't believe he bought it completely."

Siri's frowned turned puzzled. "You still share a bond? But you both said you aren't his padawan."

Anakin nodded. "It seems I have brought all of my bonds back in time with me." He locked gazes with her. "And I mean
all
of them."

She caught onto that and paled slightly. "You mean...Palpatine?"

The former Sith frowned. "Call him Sidious while we are alone. Palpatine is just his cover, but yes."

"So he can still feel you?"

Anakin thought for a moment. "Only when I channel the Dark Side. Obi-wan, on the other hand, seems to be able to sense me at all times. I am unsure as to what this means."

She paused for a moment, digesting that. "Did you ever have any other bonds?" she asked.

"Only with my apprentices."

Siri seemed a bit taken aback. "Apprentices? I only remember you having one."

Anakin's expression turned dry. "As a Jedi, I only had one."

The older Jedi didn't seem to know what to make of that for a moment, but then she brought a hand to the bridge of her nose and massaged it. "I really shouldn't be surprised."

At that, Anakin frowned. "Do you not remember?" She shook her head. He brought a finger to his lips and cupped his chin in that hand. "I was under the impression that you remembered everything from the previous timeline."

"Even if I did, why would you think you would have been my main focus? There were other people I cared about a little more."
Like Obi-wan and Ferus.


Anakin conceded the point with a nod and wave of his hand. "I feel I am required to ask what you do remember, then."

Siri frowned. "Well, everything's the same up until the coma. After that...it's like everything split into two. I remember going under-cover to bring down the Spice Ring, I remember the Clone Wars, I remember several missions with Ferus..." At that her glare returned. "And could you
please
not drive him from the Temple this time?"

Anakin couldn't help his indignant sniff. "It was his choice to leave. I may have influenced the events leading up to his decision, but I did not make that decision for him. However, I believe I can prevent Darra's death, if that is what you are asking."

Siri sighed. "At least I have a few more years until he'll need to be taken again."

Anakin blinked in surprise at that. "Again?" he asked, wondering if she simply meant to take him as an apprentice in this timeline (which would be the second time for her), but something told him that she'd meant something different.

The woman looked rather put out at his question. "He's older than you, but I was a Padawan when you were 13 and thus could not have a padawan of my own. Did it not occur to you that someone else must have taught him?"**

Truthfully Anakin had never cared enough to consider it. "Very well," he returned finally. "Who was his first master?"

"Master Miito Gatra."

Anakin sat back in his chair, running through the names of the Jedi he'd known but came up blank. "I do not recall him."

"I'm not surprised," Siri said with a shrug of her own. "He was an older master who died in his sleep. He was extremely traditional and had a very large influence on Ferus." Which actually explained a great deal about the boy Anakin remembered.

"I see," he said.

"Ferus was there when he died. Said he had talked it over with a mind healer and didn't need to discuss it ever again. I don't think he ever really got over that death, though, even if they were only Master and Apprentice for a few years before Master Gatra died."

"I shall...endeavor to keep that in mind. However, I would like to get back to the question at hand: what do you remember?"

She didn't look happy at his insistence, but she answered him anyway. "I remember...most of my life before I died. I would say 85 – 90 percent at least. I remember far less after."

"That is...unsurprising," Anakin finally said. "If disappointing."

"Yeah," she muttered grumpily.

"Still, it may prove to be of little consequence, if I can change the timeline to a point where the Clone Wars never happen."

When she looked at him this time, her eyes held no contempt at all, only surprise. "You want to stop the Clone Wars?"

He scoffed openly. "Of course. I plan on eliminating Sidious long before that time, and if the Force is willing, perhaps the entire Sith Order." He glanced back at the other Jedi to see her staring at him with an unreadable expression. "Is something the matter with my goals?" he asked, only a touch defensive.

"You do realize that if you eliminate the Sith Order, you will be eliminating yourself, right?"

If he were anyone else, he may have rolled his eyes, but he didn't. Instead he just resumed his indignation when he stared at her. "No, I simply do not pass such practices on and destroy any records I can find of it. Having been a part of that Order, I believe I am uniquely qualified to do this."

She raised her eyebrows even more before turning away, apparently conceding to his point, even if she still wasn't happy about it.

Anakin allowed himself to sigh. "Do you still not believe I have fully returned to the Light?" His tone came out just a tad sharper than he'd wanted.

The glare she shot him spoke of a defensive discomfort. "Those things that I do recall after I died...many of them are about you. I don't know why, but I can clearly remember the slaughter at the Temple, Obi-wan's death, the destruction of a dozen planets and colonies, the torture of so many people... Your 'return to the light', it's hard to believe."

Anakin didn't answer, staring straight ahead and not really seeing anything as her words brought back extremely unpleasant memories that he would have preferred to have stayed buried. He understood where she was coming from and, well, she had at least spoken honestly.

"Besides, so few people have ever come back from the dark," she muttered.

He could have told her his theories about how the Dark Side twists ones mind, or about how absolutely addicting it was or about how there had indeed been people in history who had turned back (although they tended to be painted as weak and useless in the Sith histories), but his words reverberated hollowly in his head and would sound as if he were making excuses if he spoke them aloud.

He knew where she was coming from, and he knew that she was right, no matter the reason. "I know," was all he could say.

Anakin felt a wave of puzzled wariness from her through the Force and wondered how he could feel it so certainly and strongly. Perhaps because of their shared future? Or their close proximity? Before he could ponder further, she spoke.

"Shouldn't you be arguing with me? Telling me you are light?"

He finally found himself able to focus on her face, blank except for the wariness he'd felt earlier. "What good would such actions do? You are correct. Were I in your position, I would undoubtedly feel the same and be even more...adamant about my opinion.

"I also cannot guarantee I will never turn again."

She jerked away from him as if he'd stung her. "What?!" she hissed angrily.

He shook his head. "I still must fight the urge to use that power every day. It is marginally easier now that I know what the price for that power is, but it is still there...calling to me. I feel it everywhere I go, in everything I do, just as I could always feel the light, even as a Sith." He didn't notice how his arms crept around his stomach, holding it as if he were nauseous. "As such, I can only promise that I will do my best and that will have to be good enough."

"And what if it isn't?" she asked, and while the anger had faded, he could still sense it.

At that point, he looked her straight in the eye when he spoke. "Then we will know that Obi-wan—our Obi-wan—was wrong. That is all."

"What do you mean 'that is all'?! It is most definitely
not
all! How many people will suffer if you decide to join the Sith again?!"

He found himself sitting forward in his chair to emphasize the point he was about to make, and his voice came out angry and defensive. "That is something I
can
guarantee. I will never join the Sith again. Even if I fall, even if I—for some inconceivable reason—take on that name again, I can promise you that I would destroy Sidious and his ridiculous notions before I did anything else.

"However," his voice dropped back down to a calmer, sadder level, "that is also why I cannot guarantee that I will not fall again. I hate that man. I despise everything he stands for. I
loathe
what he took from not just me, but the entire galaxy just so he could gain power. I hate him, Siri, and I always will."

And for some reason, that felt immensely
good
to say. Just the fact that he
could
say it without really changing her opinion of him held a sense of freedom and relief that he wasn't sure he'd ever felt before.

He heard her sigh and saw her massaging the bridge of her nose again. "I should say you need to let it go...but I really can't blame you. Everything that he did... Your choices were your own," she shot a glare at him. "But I know how the Emperor manipulated you. How he manipulated all of us. I...feel similarly, actually, and I will do anything to stop him."

Her words set off alarm bells in his head and he felt his eyes go wide in worry.

"Don't!"

She blinked and turned to him, confused at his outburst. "What?"

"Those feelings...I have them because of who I have been—what I have been. I am not sure I will ever be able to purge them from my mind or soul. You don't have that problem. Please, don't let those emotions influence you. They will orchestrate your fall just as easily as they did mine."

She seemed to watch him with that unreadable expression as he pleaded with her to understand him, to realize just how right he was and to listen. After a moment, she sighed.

"Very well, I will try."

He almost quoted Yoda there, but felt that now wouldn't quite be the moment. Trying was all he could really ask of her.

"Thank you," he said, relief flooding his voice.

She smirked a little and eyed him for a moment. "You really have changed."

He was a little taken back by her comment and had to process it for a few seconds before he found himself smirking back. "I certainly hope so."

She regarded him for a few more seconds before letting out a sigh and shaking her head. "Alright, Anakin, I'll trust you for now, but if you
do
fall again, you won't get a chance to come back. I will do what I have to to make sure you don't threaten the future as you did before."

She said the words with such conviction that Anakin couldn't help himself from believing her. He blinked at her for a few moments before slumping in his chair with a relieved sigh.

"Good."

"Good?" she asked, surprised.

"I can't trust myself, Siri. Not after what I've done. But I can trust you, if only because I know you would never turn on Obi-wan, let alone the Order. This removes an immense amount of pressure from me.

"Now we'll have to build up your lightsaber skills—"

"What do you mean?" she asked indignantly. "I was at the top of my class in saber fighting."

"Perhaps, but when I came back, I found that I had difficulties with even the basic katas. I believe it was because of my younger, unconditioned and very biological body. However, because of my experience, I find myself progressing at an extremely accelerated rate. I believe it will be similar for you.

"Also, you have been confined to a bed for several months. You will need reconditioning."

Her look of displeasure deepened. He was sure she wasn't pouting though...well, fairly sure.

"Fine," she finally said.

"I practice every night, usually in the black room, if you would like to join me," he offered.

She nodded. "I'll think about it."

"Very well," he said as he slid off of the chair. He hesitated slightly, feeling awkward and unsure for a moment. After a moment, he bowed to her. "Thank you, Knight Tachi."

She nodded at him and he turned to leave. He did notice that when she smiled this time, slight as it may be, the expression in her eyes that went along with it seemed far more warm and accepting than when he'd first entered the room. He considered that leaps and bounds of progress and couldn't help but feel satisfied and relieved as he left the room.

He didn't catch the troubled expression on Siri's face as he disappeared from her sight.

xXx

*I recently found out that Courscant works on a 5 day work week, with no weekend. 5 weeks make a month They have three extra weeks, and 3 holidays, for a total of 368 days a year. I am, however, going to simply say that the 'two days a week' thing that Anakin is required was set up like this so he could have a little more time to absorb the lessons. So if he saw Xio on the first day of the first month and Girth on the third day of the first month (which isn't what happened, but hypothetically speaking) then they would see Anakin on the third and fifth day of the second week respectively.

I'm not sure how the Courscanti system work with days off, but not having more than one a week is not something I would find pleasant. Glad I don't work on Courscant.

**This was something that really bugged me in the books. Seeing as they were all written by Jude Law, one would think he'd catch that, but seeing as I've let worse slip in my own stories, I'm not going to complain too much and simply give them a reason as to why Ferus ended up being Siri's Padawan although she was under cover in a spice cartel and technically not even part of the Jedi Order when he was 13. *shrug*

Sorry, guys, but I've been traveling a lot and trying to apply for jobs, so writing has seriously slowed down. Fortunately, I have about the next...two chapters beta read and ready to post, so you guys have at least two more weeks of somewhat steady posting-although it's going to be hard for me to reply to your comments. Please know that I read every one of them and many of them have fed my muse so that I can keep going on this! I'm so sorry if I haven't responded to any comment, but I want to! So please forgive me for this. Between the 4th of July, a baby blessing and then a family reunion coming up next week...well, things are just really hectic.

Thanx to Batfan7 for beta-reading this! :D

>