

AN: I don't own Naruto, but if I did I would have revealed Tenten's back story at some point. Now we'll never know...

Edit 12/8/14: Removed of all the unnecessary bold words when shouting from this chapter on.



CLANG!


My eyes slowly cracked opened, a blurry vision of the off white ceiling coming into view. I began to sit up in; searching for whatever had startled me awake. Had I accidentally kicked something off my bed again in my sleep? I was going to really break something if this kept up…

To my surprise though, a woman was standing next to my footboard. She seemed to be bending over to pick something up. But why the heck was she in my room?!

I quickly scanned the area around me. Nope, this definitely
wasn't
my room. I was lying in a cold metal bed in a room reminded me of… a hospital? An underfunded one at that. It all seemed pretty worn out from overuse.

But why was I here in the first place? My heart began to pound. Was I in some sort of accident? Did loose a limb or two? I checked quickly. Nothing missing. I took a deep breath to calm myself down.

The only way to know was to ask. Luckily a person was right in front of me too.

The woman was still bent drown, muttering something under her breath that sounded like a curse.

I wasn't sure exactly what to say.

"Um, excuse me…"

The woman quickly jerked up, eyes wide in shock and mouth gaping open. I guessed she was a nurse by looking at her outfit. She was holding a metal tray with squashed food piled on top. That must have been the sound I heard. It was instantly though dropped onto the floor once again. She just continued staring at me, her expression frozen on her face.

Oh crap, my face is seriously disfigured isn't it?

The next thing she did though was run out of the room yelling at the top of her lungs.

"Sensei! Sensei!"

What the, why is she calling for a teacher? I paused. Now that I thought about it, sensei also meant doctor…

But that doesn't explain why she was talking in Japanese!

This weird scenario could only be one of two things.

Either this was just a dream, or I had been kidnapped and brought to Japan, saved by a mysterious person after being seriously injured, then brought to a run down, out of the way hospital in order to treat my injuries.

…

For now I'm just going to go with the first one.

Just as quickly as the nurse had left, she returned, a frantic doctor in tow. He wore scrubs and a lab coat, his long purple hair tied in a low pony tail. Naturally purple hair? The dream theory seems pretty much confirmed now.

He quickly rushed over to me with a completely shocked and bewildered expression on his face. He anxiously spouted off something to me. I could only pick up a stray word here and there.

I sighed in realization. This why you don't cram the night before a test. You get screwed up dreams that include whatever subject you were studying. I had only been learning Japanese for a couple of months so far. The least my dreams could do would be dumbing it down for me.

It seemed that not responding to what the doctor was saying only caused him to freak out more. He grabbed my shoulders, staring straight into my eyes.

Alright this was getting annoying. My sleep wouldn't be restful at all if this kept up. I scanned my limited vocabulary for a response. I had no idea how to say "Get your hands off of me", so I settled for one of the few phrased I knew.

"Urusai!"

The not so formal way to ask for silence.

He looked shocked at this, but also a little relived. He slowly let go of my shoulders, cautiously backing up. He walked over to the nurse who then started conversing with him for a while. He face relaxed a bit, but he kept looking at me out of the corner his eyes every couple of seconds.

Well anyway, now that all of that was taken care of, I wanted to get out of this dream already. My bed seemed comfortable enough, and my pillow seemed like it was filled with more than the bare minimum of stuffing. I laid back one again closing my eyes trying to fall asleep. I had been able to sleep within one of my dreams before. It would probably work again.

However, it seemed like my dream wouldn't let me. I was lightly shaken awake up by the doctor and the nurse almost as quickly as I had able to close my eyes. I moaned, rolling over.

"Just go away…"

They wouldn't. Instead they started checking the machines around me, which I only just realized I was hooked up to. I was surprisingly out of it. I guess it being a dream it would make sense.

Not much hope left now for peace and quiet, I decided I might as well go look around. I pulled the wires off of my body, whatever it was in my nose, and the IV out of my arm. Probably not the smartest decision of my life, seeing as it actually hurt like crazy. I quickly jumped out of bed and headed out the door.

I hadn't noticed how my limp body felt until I started heading down the empty hallway. It felt like jello, not wanting to obey my commands to run.

To their credit the doctor and nurse quickly figured I had left and were soon in pursuit. I was moving surprisingly fast though, soon heading into an adjoining hallway.

This one was jam packed. Its boring entirety was all off white, though the green floor gave it a bit more differentiation. People were moving all throughout, nurses walking between rooms. Visitors were there also, though some of them had strange clothing choices. The hair was especially weird though. I was like an oddly muted rainbow with so many unnatural shades and hues.

To my fortunate surprise, most seemed too busy to notice me walking through. I continued on through the hallway and soon came to a nice large window on my left. I decided to peer outside to look and see what I could see. I was anticipating all of the exciting concrete structures that would be in view; maybe even a nice highway would be there to look at.

Instead I saw buildings. Lots and lots of buildings, though these buildings weren't like I expected. They were made out of wood and some painted vibrant shades. It was actually different architecture style altogether. Different shapes and sizes all jammed together. It was something you would never see in the real world. Heck, there weren't even cars.

There was something about it though, something familiar. It was on the tip of my tongue-

A hand suddenly grabbed my shoulder, spinning me around. The doctor must have caught up with me already… I braced myself for whatever could happen next.

As I was turned around I found myself face to face with a different person all together.

She was a bit on the short side, had blond hair, and a diamond tattooed on her forehead. Odd choice to get a tattoo there of all places… Her reaction to seeing me was similar to the nurse, but a bit more reserved. After a few seconds passed she gave me a sad smile.

"Mako-san."

Who?

"Gomenasai."

Her smile remained, but I suddenly caught some movement out of the corner of my eye.

My vision suddenly faded to black.


AN: I'm actually just learning Japanese this year myself. Writing this stuff out in romaji feels kind of strange to me. I'm sure I probably messed up somewhere with what words to use in what situation.

It's been a while since I have done anything Naruto, yet I decided to write a fanfiction. I'm sure I got details about the Naruto-verse wrong at somewhere, so feel free to point them out if you catch anything.

>