

The next morning, with the money I'd finally gotten in the mail to cover the next month, I went and grabbed my stack of overdue books and immediately after dropping off Tora with Jun, headed to the library. The middle aged woman who who worked at the front desk looked like she'd been there long enough to have been forced to deal with some truly awful people. She gave me an unimpressed stare when I placed the tall stack of mostly children's books in front of her. When I counted money and then laid out the crisp bills next to it, she took a one quick glance at it and immediately looked back to me.

"That's not enough." She told me with a tone of voice that said she'd given up on trying to provide good customer service a long time ago.

I frowned, going through my money again, making sure to count it more carefully. I came up with the same amount. "This is the amount I was told it was. five-hundred ryo."

The woman shook her head. "The interest increased since then. Now it's five-fifty."

Okay, I had learned a very important lesson while here in konoha. Always return your books on time unless you want things to get to the point where you might as well have bought them in the first place.

Scowling, I slapped down the extra bills to which the woman barely gave a reactions . While she slowly counted out my change I gaze began to drift around the library, trying to spot any familiar faces.

"Your change." The woman interrupted just as I caught a flash of pink hair behind a shelf. I scooped it up and then took the chance to dash out s before I had the chance to have an awkward conversation with Sakura.

Out on the streets again I figured my best bet for going on this trip was to first know what it was going take to get paperwork figured out. And if anyone knew about traveling as a civilian out of the village, it was going to be Narumi herself.

I headed back over to the Mori estate, which after traveling there with Maya the first time, wasn't too bad to figure out again. I got a frosty reception at the gate, running into her brother Toshi again.

He immediately scowled when he saw me. "You again. What do you want with my sister?"

I gave him a weak wave. "I was actually hoping to hang out with her today if that was okay. She actually invited me to go down with her and some people to wave to a book signing."

Toshi let out a sigh, getting up from where he was leaning up against the wall. "I'll see what she says." He responded before ducking inside and leaving me with the other guard to watch over me.

I gave the other guard an uneasy smile, which he just ignored returning his gaze back to the street. Thankfully just a few minutes later had Toshi coming back with Narumi in tow, purse over her shoulder.

"Mako! I'm glad to see you!" She called out, walking over to me while practically bouncing on her feet. "I was hoping to go shopping with someone to get supplies for the trip. I hope you don't mind my brother tagging along. He's overprotective."

"It's my job." He corrected, rolling his eyes.

She just waved him off. "Anyway, if you're up for it, it would be awesome if you'd come with me."

"Um, sure." I answered after a bit of hesitation. I had been expecting to drop in and then leave, but I guess this could be fine too- "Where are we going?"

"There are some really great ninja surplus stores where you can get the best deals. They sell clothes in bulk, so that's always a good deal assuming you like having ten of the save thing. Cute hair by the way."

I reached up and touched my hair self consciously, not quite sure how to feel about the attention. "Oh, thanks. I just got the hair clip the other day."

Narumi nodded, a gleam in her eyes. "We should totally find you something to match that blue color. A new look deserves new clothes. C'mon!"

She walked on ahead, light on her feet as she moved her way through the busy streets and into the more busy shopping district of the village.

"Hey, Narumi," I interrupted before we could get too caught up in this shopping trip. "If I wanted to get my paperwork done for traveling out of the village, how would I go about doing that?"

She shrugged, distracted by looking for our destination. "I'm not really sure. My parents were the ones to do that for me years ago." She turned her head to look towards her brother. "Toshi, do you know?"

He grunted in acknowledgement. "Just go down to the building the Hokage's office is in. The people at the front desk should help you out with the paperwork. Processing usually takes four to six weeks, so I you better know someone to expedite it if you haven't already got it figured out."

"Wonderful." I grumbled, knowing full well how likely that was going to work out. "I guess I'll have to try another way."

"Don't worry!" Narumi told me, giving me a friendly slap on the back. "You know Tsunade, right? Just go up to her office and ask her personally like we talked about."

Suddenly a realization hit her about what she'd just, looking over at me with her eyes wide, holding her breath. Considering my freakout I had in her presence when the subject came up, she was probably expecting some sort of meltdown.

I might just have to give up trying to figure out a work around. With the days ticking down I couldn't put it off for much longer anyway, no matter how much I wanted to. My distrust and dislike for the the woman was steadily growing, and I wasn't sure what I'd say when I was finally face to face with her.

I just got the distinct impression that she wouldn't be very supportive of my decision to leave.

"You're probably right." I finally announced after mulling it over for a little while as we walked. "I'll go talk with her after we're done getting everything."

"Oh! There it is!" Narumi interrupted, running on ahead to a very minimalist looking storefront, the sign looking quite a lot like just spray paint lettering stenciled onto painted camo green wood.

I glanced over at Toshi, but he didn't seem to have a problem with the place, walking over with Narumi as the two entered the shop ahead of me. The bell rang as I entered, the shopkeeper actually greeting me without hostility for once. I suppose there was a difference between ninja owned and civilian owned shops. The store had everything a ninja going out in the field might need. Food rations, a slew of weapons and survival gear, and seals for all sorts of purposes.

I didn't get to look around very much before Narumi came up to me, shoving bundle of things into my arms. "What my brother recommends we buy." Narmi commented, right before reaching over and putting another sealed scroll on top. "We'll be staying at a bunch of inns along the way, but it's always good to be prepared."

I looked down at the massive pile stuff in my arms. It looked like she'd gone around and taken one of just about everything.

"How much is this going to cost exactly?" I asked, glancing at price tags as the zero's rapidly added up in my head.

She just waved off my concerns. "Don't worry about it. I'll cover you. I've got enough money that it won't be a big deal to me.

I barely had time to try and refuse before she'd already skipped away, her brother currently chatting with the guy at the register and leaving me to fend for myself.

I trailed after Narumi, finding her standing at the back of the store at the clothing aisle. She was going through racks with lighting precision, but my gaze couldn't help but land on some of the less than stealthy color options that were being offered. If you thought orange was bad, this place would serve as quite the wake up call.

"Here!" Narumi called over, tossing me a blue track jacket that was one of the more subtle choices available. "I think it's your size. Go ahead and try it on."

It didn't seem like I had much of a choice in the matter, so I slipped my arms though it, pulling the zipper about halfway up.

"I think it looks pretty good." Narumi around, crossing her arms as she nodded approvingly.

I walked over to nearby mirror to see for myself. She wasn't wrong. The color definitely matched my kanzashi.

We rung up our purchases, Narumi ignoring my protests when I insisted on paying and Toshi shaking his head with a bit of a sympathy as I attempted to get him to convince her to let me help pay.

"What's the good of having so much money if all you do is keep it for yourself?" She commented as we walked down the road outside, bags in hand. "Plus I kind of made you get that stuff, so…"

Her voice trailed off as we approached a small open restaurant a bit off the beaten path. "Isn't the place we always went to get ice cream as kids that you really liked?"

She looked over at Toshi, who was giving it a surprisingly attentive look over. "I think it is." He said quietly. "It's been awhile since we've gone out like that as a family."

"Then we should go. For old time's sake." Narumi announced, tugging him on the arm. "Plus with being stuck with me, you should get something out of it, right?"

He gave her a slight smile, which he then quickly covered with an exasperated sigh. "We might as well."

That led us to nearby park, sitting across from each other on park benches while we each snacked on our ice cream cones. I licked another layer of strawberry off of mine, looking between the two of them as they munched on their own chocolate and mint ones.

"So do you always have to have someone with you when you go out Narumi?" I asked more out of curiosity than anything. It seemed like it suck, not that I wasn't in a similar position myself. At least my keeper was a bit more covert.

Her face scrunched up into a frown. "Unfortunately. I try to keep who I actually am on the down-low, but ever since some crazy fan to snatch me up, my parents have gotten really paranoid. They don't let me go around alone anymore. It doesn't really feel fair to change my whole life because of a one time thing."

Toshi rolled his eyes. "But it's with good reason. The more popular you get the worse it'll be. You don't need to be such a diva about it."

"
Anyway,
" Narumi interrupted, not before shooting him a glare. "So Mako, after talking so much the other day, I never asked, but have you ever thought about writing a story?"

I nearly choked on my ice cream. "
Me?
No, no way," I replied, waving her off. "I don't even know the first thing about writing. Plus what would I even write about?"

I knew how to write a pretty decent essay, but beyond that I was clueless.

Narumi took a small bite of her ice cream cone. "You could always write about your time in the leaf. That could be pretty interesting."

I shrugged, gaze drifting towards the other park goers and the kids scrambling around on the playground. "I don't know. I feel like whatever I attempt to write will be a giant mess since I don't actually know what I'm doing."

Plus there were some less than flattering things I did that I really would prefer the world not to know about.

"That's kind of part of the process though." She said, interrupting my thoughts. "You won't get good at writing unless you actually, you know,
start writing
. No matter how bad your first attempts are the important thing is that you're learning something from it. Reading other people's work and getting constructive criticism is important too, but you'll never improve if you don't even start."

I took a large bite out of my ice cream cone, trying to avoid the dreaded brain freeze while I thought it over. Everyone at home would think it was all a coma induced reality, so it wouldn't hurt to document this all somehow and get it out of my system in the process. I
could
make it short, like fifteen chapters or something. How long were books supposed to be anyway? I'd never tried to write anything seriously before, so I didn't have the slightest clue about things like chapter length. I could probably get it finished in a few weeks after I got back. That was probably a decent estimate.

"So you'll do it?" Narumi asked hopefully, a grin spreading across her face. "It would be nice to have a writing buddy."

"I'll think about it." I settled on, trying to placate her. "After our trip."

She nodded at that, happily taking another nibble as she swung her feet back and forth.

Toshi sighed at her antics, and then the three of us settled into a comfortable silence as we ate away at our ice cream.

"Mako-san!" came from a voice a few minutes later, causing me to jump as the familiar teen with pink hair approached our benches. Sakura glanced at the three of us before her gaze settled on me. She was smiling like nothing was amiss, which immediately set me on edge. "I thought I saw you at the library earlier today. I was hoping to catch you so that we could talk for a few minutes."

I suppressed a groan that was threatening to escape. I had really been hoping to leave the village without having this particular conversation.

Narumi's eyes flicked between me and her, expression settling into a frown. "Look whoever you are, I don't think she want's to-"

"It's fine." I interrupted, getting up from the bench and scarfing down my last bits of waffle cone. "We were probably going to talk at sometime anyway. Might as well do it now."

At this point there really wasn't much I could do but hear out what she had to say.

Sakura waved towards a group of trees a little ways away from people in the park. "Why don't we talk over there?"

I gave one last glance over at Narumi, who still looked concerned at she subtly pointed at her brother and mouthed
'help'
. I slightly shook my head before turning back to address Sakura. "That's fine with me."

We walked over in silence as I clenched my hands at my sides. Who knew what she wanted to say to me this time.

"What's this about?" I asked, first to break the silence when we reached our destination.

"You can probably guess." Sakura replied, tugging at the ends of a few strands of hair. "Though I honestly don't know where to even start."

I nodded my head, eyes shifting towards the ground.

"Have you talked with my teacher since then?" She asked first.

"Nope." An invite from her had definitely never ended up in my mail.

"I'm sorry I never believed you enough to look into things further." She blurted out, causing me to snap my attention back up to her. "It's just that as her student, she's never misled me like that before. I asked her afterwards why."

My breathing caught as I echoed her last word. "So why?"

"Maybe you can explain more about what she meant," Sakura began slowly, expression slipping into a frown as she furrowed her brow. "But she told me she wanted to see how'd you react to the situation."

Kakashi said that they'd thought I could be some sort of spy. Did they use the chance for some sort of test of character? Did they think I was purposely spreading around rumors for nefarious means?

If that was true I had some choice words for the woman.

In response to Sakura's question I decided to skirt the truth a bit. "I'm not really sure either." I replied with a bit of a shrug. "But has she ever told you anything about me? About my medical case or anything like that?"

She bit her lower lip, looking away as she began to think it over. "Not really, which I admit is strange considering how often I see your case file on her desk. That day I met you at the library for the first time was coincidence. Something about you seemed familiar, so when I poked around some of the more… confidential hospital files, I found out you were actually the girl with that strange spiritual energy case from the coma ward. Apparently whatever had been done to you finally weakened enough for you to wake up again. I'm not sure by who it was or how."

"So lots of people knew about me then?" I asked, warning bells going off in my head.

Sakura immediately shook her head. "Not at all. Considering who my teacher is I have quite a lot of access, but your case what pretty confidential. Looking it over though, it's amazing that your mind and body still developed like they should have, despite all medical reasoning. You're long past the time frame for developing language skills, yet here we are having this conversation like nothing's wrong."

She had a gleam in her eyes, one that told me she'd just love to sit me down and run a million tests to figure out what exactly made me such a medical wonder.

"Right…" I fought the instinct that made me want to back up and flee before she began to offer just that. "Has she ever talked about me around you? Ever brought me up in conversation?"

Sakura quickly shook her head. "No. Besides recently when I asked, she's never talked about you on her own before. I think Shizune would be the only one she'd confide in."

So basically until recently no one knew of my existence because that's exactly how she wanted to keep things. And something had probably purposely been done to Mako to make her go comatose in the first place. So maybe there really was someone out to get me to finish whatever it was that they'd started.

The moment I stepped out of that gate I could very well be a sitting duck. But if I wanted to go home, what choice did I really have?


AN: Sorry about the mix up with last chapter. I didn't realize until later that I'd already previously posted one of those chapters back in December. There was quite a bit of rewriting I had to do for this chapter, which I should probably take as a sign for the rest of the story. The joys of editing.

I couldn't help myself with that meta moment there. Until next time!

>