


Disclaimer:
I own none of the characters, concepts, or the universe this story is set in. They are all owned by their respective copyright holders.


Spoilers:
Angel "Not Fade Away"


Timeline:
Years post-NFA


Author's Note:
Life gets in the way, that's why it has taken me so long to write this chapter. For that I am truly sorry. My primary writing computer died on me. I'm dealing with my Mom, who has become a crazy person (seeing and believing things that are not true, freaking out when she doesn't get her way, causing problems for me and my dad, etc.) It's making my dad and I physically sick. So there's that. Again, I am very sorry.


A Good Deal




Chapter 5



It was the next morning. Wesley awoke to find that he had indeed slept peacefully. This was in spite of everything he had learned the night before. He had learned that his beloved Fred was really the ancient demon Illyria in disguise. For all of the intervening years, through all of their troubles and triumphs, Wesley had loved and fought beside a lie.

He noticed that Fred had snuggled up to him. One of her arms was draped over him. As yet, he didn't want to turn and look at her. He was content to consider her hand. Like her it was slender and delicate, but it was also powerful and overflowing with skill. He thought those things about Fred, now with Illyria in the picture certain aspects were enhanced. Sheer power being the most obvious.

Despite all of the revelations last night, Wesley remembered what Fred had asked him '
Have I not been Winifred for you?'
He thought about that question yet again. With everything he knew about Illyria, he had to concede that she had done a remarkable job of hiding her mannerisms and adopting those of Fred. Had Angel not told him, it was likely he would never have found out that Fred had truly ceased to exist.

Fred began to stir and wake up. Wesley twisted to look at her as she murmured upon seeing him "Wes?"

"Good morning, I guess." Wesley thought he had a handle on the 'Illyria as Fred' state of affairs. But seeing and hearing it in action was unnerving. Hearing Fred's light and sweet voice where now he expected Illyria's deep monotone caused him to flinch, despite his assurances that he was alright with the situation last night.

Fred noticed the reaction and sighed, she knew something like this would happen if Wesley ever found out. That he could never fully accept the lie. That no matter how much she looked, sounded, and acted like the shell, Wesley would see under the surface. Ironically, he would see a form and hear a voice that she could no longer use. "But it is, isn't it? We get to tell everyone the good news."

"Yes, right, I apologize, this new status of ours will take some getting used to. It's more difficult than I realized. I forgot about the baby." And there was the other side of the equation, regardless of how he felt about Fred, there was still the child to consider.

In the early morning Fred had let that slip her mind as well. In the moment she was concerned about Wesley. Her fears had come to fruition, in fact the only variable she hadn't counted on was the presence of an impossible baby "It's still early, we both did. Lets get ready and head into the office, we can tell everyone all at once."

"Yes, that's a wonderful idea." Wesley thought that if he was busy telling his friends about the baby, he would have less time to consider his bizarre situation and his train of thought hit a wall
Dear lord, I married her, and I didn't know. She was Fred in every respect. But that was the point wasn't it? I could never love and live with Illyria as I have.'


Fred knew how to read Wesley, and she could plainly see he was conflicted. She decided to take control of the situation. She grabbed Wesley's face in both hands and kissed him, she was please to see that her affection had the desired effect. Wesley was momentarily dazed, she moved to leave the bed "Well, I'll get started, we have a busy day ahead of us."

Wesley could only agree with that statement. He idly wondered how Angel would behave around him now. After all he had let slip Illyria's secret.

1111111111

The entire group had gathered in Angel Investigations' new offices. It was hard for Spike and Lorne to make it in. It was daylight, and it's not as if the green Pylean demon could walk around unnoticed. Angel had taken to living in the office, when he wasn't staying with some member of the team. Wesley and Fred had made some calls.

Fred had just shared the big news. Wesley and Angel had nodded in mutual understanding. Spike could smell a new scent, Fred had someone else mixed in with her usual Not-quite-Fred and Wesley smell. Connor and Cordelia shared a look, they had both been part of a pregnancy years ago. Hopefully, this one would be something besides a rogue Power named Jasmine. Gunn was happy for his two friends, it had really torn him up when he had a hand in letting Illyria take Fred, when she had returned that night in the alley Gunn had been overjoyed.

It was Lorne that had hardest time being excited at the news, he could see their aura's. Fred had the literal glowing that humans often ascribed to women in Fred's position. It was Wesley that was confusing. He was happy about the baby. But he kept thinking about the instant when Fred had died. Also, he was thinking about a curious scene where Fred had appeared to him as he lay dying. Lorne had never pried too deeply into Wesley's mission on the night they took on the Circle of Black Thorn. Yet again he wondered why Wesley would focus on those particularly unpleasant memories.

Cordelia got over her nervous flashback and fairly squealed in delight. Angel and Wesley had seen her this happy before. For everyone else, it was a bit unnerving "How far along are you?"

"Um, give or take six weeks. It's not like we planned this." Fred had to acknowledge that her agreement with Wesley was meant to humor him. When she lacked human internal organs, it was literally impossible that copulating with Wesley would result in anything more than mutual pleasure. Now that she was cursed with this increasingly weak body, she felt something she had only felt a couple of times before, vulnerable.

Angel wondered whether Fred knew about this when she had asked that she and Wesley be exempted from field work "So, what are we looking at here Wes? Is there a prophecy anywhere involving you two? Or your kid?"

"Actually, this looks to be normal. I daresay this will be a new adventure for all of us." It was one of the things for which Wesley was thankful. After dealing with supernatural phenomena and beings for years, having to deal something as mundane as a pregnancy would actually be refreshing. Though to be fair, he had yet to do much research on the subject.

Cordelia had the dubious honor of going through the previous two pregnancies of the group "You know, I could swear this would be vision-worthy, though they usually show things we're supposed to stop, so I guess that's a good thing?"

"Gotta say, she's right." Gunn had noticed that Cordelia's visions were less about solving some mystery and more about finding and killing whatever she saw. What he didn't know was Cordelia's visions were being managed by the Circle of the Black Thorn. It was similar to the way they created a new life for Connor, though much less pervasive.

Connor looked Fred over, she didn't seem any different, it varied a great deal from what his father had told him about his mother, Darla, when she was pregnant with him "Not that far along, wait, I remember that night when Fred took that vamp apart, don't tell me, is that when it happened."

"Yes, well..." Wesley fidgeted while Fred blushed.

Angel wanted to ask how it was possible, especially with Illyria possessing Fred's body, but that would have to wait for another time.

"Yes, well' nothing, Fred, pet, you should know, Percy here isn't young anymore. He needs his rest." Spike couldn't resist the dig at Wesley. The years had not been kind to the ostensibly older man. Time had taken its toll on Wesley. He had nearly been killed multiple times in Los Angeles. From Spike's friendship with Fred, he knew about Wesley's near mortal wound against Vale. Wesley had similar experiences in this new city. He had more scars, both physically and mentally.

"Spike, you should know the value of love after being hurt." Fred had to admit, this was preferable to confronting Wesley about their new status. She felt uncertain about him, and that was new territory for her. Wesley had been a constant for her. He always doted on her, he respected her, and he encouraged her whenever she decided to do, well, anything.

While Fred and Spike caught up, Cordelia joined in with descriptions of her own ordeals. Fred wanted to compare notes to see if she had gone through some of the normal human side-effects from her two otherwise supernatural pregnancies. Gunn approached Wesley "Congrats man, couldn't be happier for you."

Gunn had gotten past his guilt over his hand in Fred's death. But it had taken a lot longer to get over the issues between him and Wesley. Gunn knew Wesley wasn't trying to kill him when he stabbed him. What Gunn regretted was what happened to Wesley after all of that. The vampire hunter turned lawyer had seen men broken before. He had gone through the process himself when he had to stake his recently turned sister. What Wesley had endured was something else. Gunn could still remember the days when Wesley had been engulfed by grief, madness, and a resignation that was downright frightening.

"Thanks, I'm actually rather nervous, there's no telling what could come up in the time until the child is born." If there was one thing that Wesley could thank Illyria for, it was that she had gotten Angel to put them both in reserve. Unless there was a truly serious situation, Fred and the baby would be safe.

2222222222

Wesley's worries were well founded and soon proved. A few months down the road, there was in fact an event that had the potential to have an apocalyptic effect. Ever since Angel and Buffy had moved their operations away from Sunnydale and Los Angeles, there was a renewal in activities of various groups with evil intent.

These groups were observed however. The New Watchers Council had intelligence operations in that part of the of the world. There was still a Hellmouth there after all. Even though the town had collapsed around it, there was still a possibility it could be opened. So the Council was on guard.

What came at Angel and his group didn't start as some world-altering threat. It started with a new hire at Wolfram &amp; Hart. This new accountant had discovered massive expenditures made on the order of someone above the CEO at his branch.

There was a large outlay of funds at the beginning of this mysterious project. What the accountant didn't know was that this initial splurge was for resurrecting the dead members of Angel's team and doing the monumental memory alteration and reality warp. There was also an account used for a hefty yearly disbursement to the same project. This was for Cordelia's managed visions, and the masking that Illyria had requested. Of course, Vail had a personal account that he used to hire contractors to slowly strip Illyria of her form and powers.

The accountant was supposed to find ways to save the firm money. He didn't understand the importance of this project and consequences of trying to stop it. He realized that if the recipients of all of this money were dead, the pointless spending would stop. Even Wolfram &amp; Hart wasn't immune to the vagaries of the larger economy.

So the accountant put out an elimination request to the firm's client disposal section. Their standard procedure was to first assign single vampires for individual members on each request. If these failed, then other measures would be considered, and recommendations would be sent to their supervisors in Special Projects, who would then decide what to do.

Team Angel found itself on the receiving end of some assassination attempts. "Attempts" being the key word. The vampires sent to kill them were younger than Spike or Angel. The two dealt with their attackers quite handily. As did Connor and Gunn. The former had his experiences in Quor-toth and since to draw on while the latter retained his vampire fighting instincts from his days on the street. Cordelia had a vision that allowed her and Lorne to fend off their own murderous company.

One side effect of Fred and Wesley being held in reserve was that they didn't come into the office everyday, and sometimes calls failed to reach them, as they were busy preparing for the baby or dealing with other aspects of their lives. Unluckily for the vampire sent to kill Wesley, he was having a consulting session with the two Slayers in the area. Suffice to say the poor vampire didn't last long. Once the vampire was dust, Wesley's thoughts turned to Fred, he feared she would be in danger.

He was right to worry. Fred had missed Wesley's warning call. She was hard at work at the college. Illyria found high level physics rather humorous as well stimulating. She pitied the humans for their meager understanding of the world around them. But, it was also intriguing to discover the shell's understanding, she used to possess an unnatural grasp of this rather limited form of observation.

3333333333

Fred's work had caused her to stay late, all of her experience had taught her that traveling in daylight was preferable to doing so at night. However, her workload had changed and increased since she found out she was pregnant. She had given up some of her teaching duties to focus more on her publishing and research requirements to maintain her position. She was so focused on her writing that she neglected her usual schedule.

She had just left her office. It was only a short trip to her car. She was still thinking about her current project. It was an exploration into how matter could transform into energy and back. For the moment it was purely an internal project, not meant for publication. She hoped she could reverse her own transformation. If she were still at Wolfram &amp; Hart it would be a simple matter to look into some spell to accomplish this same thing. Unfortunately, her new life had some drawbacks, limited resources for dealing with problems was the one confronting her now.

She relaxed though, things were going rather well. There was a certain distance between her and Wesley. However, he had not reacted as she expected when he learned she was not his beloved Fred. She expected to lose his presence and love entirely. To her delight, he had stretched their previous bond, but he had not broken it. Wesley still lived with her and shared her bed. His overt affection, in word and most deeds, had vanished. But he still looked at her with a measure of love that he could not remove nor hide.

She was so caught up in all of her musings over her work and personal life that she failed to notice something pursuing her. She was surprised when a young man, dressed as a student, tackled her. An older and more powerful vampire would have made quick work of Fred. As it was, the youngster was blinded by the money and blood promised him should he kill this women. He didn't know why she needed to be killed, only that he was supposed to do it, that is to say kill and not turn her.

Illyria had faced more than her share of vampires. Even acting as the shell she was always more than a match in single combat. She had not been in a fight since she was cursed with this baby, this parasite that was changing her in ways that were unbecoming of a shell such as Fred, and that were downright disgusting to a God-king.

One of these changes was about to become known to her. The vampire had pinned her to the ground. He was straddling her and meant to kill her by drinking from her. As long as she died, Wolfram &amp; Hart was not concerned about the method. Ordinarily, Illyria would use a simple strike and roll combination to escape such an obvious attack.

She was able to free one of her hands. She was still quick. The vampire was surprised. Fred struck, using her open-palm to hit the vampires' nose. Usually this move would've resulted in the vampire imitating something that could fly, albeit very briefly.

To Fred's surprise, the vampire shrugged off the hit and bared his fangs. Fred and thus Illyria felt a new emotion. She had felt fear before, in many of its variations. Now she felt a terror that caused her to freeze up.

As the vampire leaned down to bite her, Illyria reflected on all of her plans. She wanted a form of worship from Wesley and the rest of the shell's friends. She tapped into the shell's memories. All of her friends had shown her care over the years. Ever since she came back from the alternate dimension Pylea, nearly everyone associated with Fred had protected and supported her. She had time enough to see the shell's life pass before her eyes. It seemed much longer than it was. Her time since Pylea was most vivid, that made sense as that dimension cast a darkness over her life before that haunted her even now.

As the vampire bit down, she thought of her child, how it would die. It wasn't as if this was an apocalypse of any kind, this was simply a random vampire attack. This made her angry, and the anger won out over the terror. She bucked, squirmed, and rolled to remove herself from the beast. She managed to dislodge her attacker and escape.

Fred was not stupid, she always carried some sort of anti-vampire weapon. In this case it was a stake. She knew the vampire would be on her rather quickly. She had escaped without damaging it. She realized that she couldn't run either, fighting was the only option.

She got shakily to her feet. The vampire was already up and stalking her like a cat. Fred knew she would have one chance to win. She just needed the vampire to be stupid. Unfortunately, this creature had some experience now. He knew she wasn't an easy kill. So he treated her accordingly. He would circle, move in to strike, and dart back out of range before Fred had a chance to respond. She was still quite fast in her own right, so she was able to deflect most of his attacks. Some did get through her defense and she was unable to react in kind.

By the time Fred fell to her knees, she was scratched, beaten, and exhausted. In a last desperate bid for survival, she attacked from her kneeling position. However; her attack was slowed by fatigue and injury. The vampire saw the stake and reacted. He grabbed Fred's wrist and twisted. It snapped and she lost the stake.

Fred cried out in pain and cradled her broken wrist. She knew it was over. Now she was defenseless. The vampire smiled and moved in for the kill. There was to be no playing around or feeding this time he said as much "You put up a good fight. I'll make this quick." The voice didn't mesh well with monster. If Fred didn't know better, she could swear she was hearing one of her students.

The vampire sprang forward and was about to deliver a lethal blow or bite before Fred could respond. It was stopped before it got to Fred by something hitting it in the side.

That something was a shotgun blast that sent the vampire reeling. Fred had turned so as to protect herself, so she didn't see who had fired. By the time she looked up, the vampire was trying to rise from where it had fallen. It didn't get very far as it found itself beheaded by a long-bladed sword.

Fred would know the weapon and the man anywhere. The sword was gleaming with being newly unsheathed, polished, and coated in new blood. The man's clothes had stopped billowing when his attack had ended. He turned to face Fred and she knew she was right. She tried to call to him "We-We-Wesley!?"

"I'm here, what happened?" Wesley noticed Fred's shock. He could hear it in her quivering voice and he could see it because of her wounds and defeated position. It quite unusual for him to see her so vulnerable. The two previous times were when she had been beaten by Hamilton and when she confessed her deception some months ago. In both cases she was uncertain of her place in the world.

She was in the same position now. It was more troubling then ever because of the circumstances of her new situation. She was almost killed by a lowly vampire and she had yet to regain her composure "He was about to kill me!"

"It's alright now, easy there, I'll get you home." Wesley had moved over and knelt down to embrace Fred as she let go and sobbed into him. Wesley's mind was awash in thoughts of Fred's new weakness. As he helped her to stand he wondered at the implications
She couldn't handle an attack by a single vampire, what is going on with her? Fred would have beaten it, never-mind Illyria. Is the child connected somehow?'


Fred was thinking along the same lines. Wesley hadn't seen the whole fight, how the vampire had overpowered her, how she was incapable of defending herself in even the most rudimentary fashion. Her growing humanity led to desperate internal questions
Will it stop? Will I revert to my former strength once the baby is born? Or will I be condemned to live, trapped within this shell? Weaker than ever and enduring all of the limitations of humanity. And what of the baby, could I still endure its presence, knowing it had caused me such harm?'


It was lucky that Wesley was driving them home, Fred was too preoccupied with her inner turmoil to take in her surroundings. All of her misgivings were valid given recent events. But the die had been cast, the child would be born and her many questions would be answered.

Back in Los Angeles, Cyvus Vail observed these events with great interest. His plan involved a double-cross that had taken years to pull off. Illyria was quite powerful and finding a way to remove her without incurring her wrath had taken a great deal of his personal wealth. Using some of the Circle's inter-dimensional contacts on a long-term basis was a tricky matter. Even more dangerous was reaching out to the Watcher's Council for help. Even as a member of the Circle, Vail could be removed for contacting a long-term enemy of the firm directly. Vail needed the help of some of the more powerful witches that the Council employed. He had only to bring up the names Winifred and Illyria, and the Council had eagerly jumped at the chance to help. He had spent long hours conversing with a Ms. Rosenberg. She insisted that he call her Willow once they had started to work in earnest. Here was someone who could babble endlessly about many subjects, but she was also powerful enough to keep him at a severe disadvantage. He had tried to acquire her power for himself. She had met him in magical and astral combat and showed him just how weak he was compared to her.

4444444444

Illyria's worries, her search for answers and Vail's plan were about to come to a head. Several more months had passed. The big day had finally arrived. Barring an end to all creation, the baby would finally be born.

For Illyria though, this day was too long in coming. For the most part, humans had a fairly good grasp of the gestation period of their offspring. They could even pinpoint the day on which the baby should be born when the woman was at the full term of her pregnancy. That due date had come and gone. Increasingly, Illyria had become irritable, she wanted her power back and her incredible weakness removed forever. Wesley bore the brunt of her anger.

For that reason and others, Wesley was grateful for this day as well. Fred had been afraid of him, she fought with him at times, and she even got angry with him. But she was never cross with him for no discernible reason. This was now her default mood. He understood the why of it. But the daily barrage of insults and insinuations over the slightest of actions had worn him down, so that even his reserves of patience and understanding were strained to their breaking points. He found that at times he wanted to be away from Fred. It was for her sake as much as his, he did not want to say or do anything he would regret later. There was already far too much of that between him and Fred.

Their was one moment of concern before the labor began, Cordelia had called. She told Wesley of a vision she just had. It was about the impending arrival. The vision was such that Cordelia naturally assumed the baby was the subject. Of course, what she didn't tell Wesley was her vision didn't show the baby at all, just the labor. The vision showed a change in Fred just as the baby was born. Wesley was stressed enough already, not to mention Fred. Wesley could do nothing about the vision, he didn't have any time to research the subject.

While the rest of the team was in the waiting room, Wesley was with Fred in a private room. It had the antiseptic smell of a well-run hospital. Fred was in a maternity gown. She was sweating from the labor. With each contraction, she squeezed Wesley's hand for comfort. She was drugged, so she was feeling no pain.

She was seeking comfort from Wesley for something else that was happening during each contraction. Her essence, her control over the shell was being pulled and stretched each time. Illyria had died before, but last time it was sudden. So she didn't know what it felt like, but she surmised that this must be what humans called dying. An inevitable, prolonged suffering that left her with more regrets than anything.

She sobbed and said as much "This is killing me."

"No, not a chance, your vital signs all look normal, as do the baby's." Wesley was wondering what she was talking about, the machines and monitors around showed nothing that would indicate that she was in any type of danger.

Illyria tried to make her love see "Wesley, you don't understand, I feel myself slipping away. As the child nears, I think I'll be gone. Just promise me you'll let our child know about me, not Winifred, but me, I sacrificed so much for you and everyone."

"I swear it, but is there anything I can do?" Wesley could now see the distress written all over Fred's face. It was a look he had seen many times, far more than he ever wanted. It was a look that distorted Fred's beautiful face into something unnatural. The presence of Illyria made the situation that much more surreal.

Illyria offered a brief and half-hearted smile, Wesley was always seeking solutions "I don't think it can be stopped, just stay with me."

Wesley didn't need to respond, he was never going to leave in any case. If these were some of her last moments, however, he felt compelled to say something "Thank you, for everything, I'll make sure you're remembered. Your name and deeds will be recorded in my own work. And I'll see to it that you join the long list of heroes who have passed on in the fight." Inwardly Wesley made a vow
'The name will be that of Illyria. Winifred was precious and equally deserving, but she has been gone for years. If it weren't for Illyria's deception, I would have never had the life I did with her.'


Illyria began to cry as another contraction hit "I'm sorry for what I put you through. You promised that I'll be remembered, but can you ever forgive me, for the suffering I caused you."

"There's nothing to forgive, you offered up a pleasant fiction, and I accepted it without so much as a doubt." Wesley she was talking about her years long deception.

Illyria had other sins in mind "Not that, when I first took the shell, it crushed you when she was taken. No matter what I've done since, the wounds I caused could never be fully repaired. I ask nothing, just that you consider forgiving me for my failures during that time."

"Again, there is nothing to forgive, you brought Fred back to me. You sought to become her, if I recall correctly. I remember my grief when she died, but I also know the joy I experienced at her impossible return." Wesley was lying, those days after Fred's death were clouded. They were drowned in alcohol, weighed down with responsibility, and cloaked with a kind of mania that kept him from feeling devastated. But Illyria didn't need to hear that. Here she was, quite possibly on her death bed, and Wesley had no wish to burden her with what she already knew.

Illyria smiled a bit as her question was thrown back at her "I guess I did become Winifred, in ways I never imagined I would."

"Yes you did, and we were all better off for it, how are you feeling?" Wesley was beginning to hope that Illyria was wrong. It could be that she was misinterpreting the pressure of drugged up labor that she claimed was weakening her hold on her body.

Illyria wasn't wrong as she tensed at another pull, this one stronger than the last, she squeezed Wesley's hand again, causing him to wince "The child nears, I love you Wesley."

"I-" Wesley was about to respond in kind, he had grown to love Illyria, her deception obviously played a part. But after he discovered her secret and she had confessed, his affection had shifted, but it remained nonetheless.

Illyria screamed and the baby ignored hospital procedure by starting its exit early. Illyria felt herself being ripped from her body. She whispered a final "No..."

Wesley saw her eyes glow gold for an instant. If he had to compare the sight to anything, it would have to be when Angel's soul was returned to him by Willow.

The last thing that Fred remembered was asking Wesley
'Why can't I stay?'
and the few moments after that. Most vivid of all was the pain, and Wesley's face. She got to watch him break even as she started to die. Then she could swear that she had slipped away. She held no memories of the afterlife.

That meant one of two things. First, that she had not died at all, but had simply lost control of her body until Wesley and the others put her back in charge. In the same way that Angel's soul was lost and found. Second, that she had actually died, and she was denied an afterlife by Illyria until she was brought back to life.

Fred took stock of her surroundings. Wesley was there. She almost took that for granted. He would be by her side, unless he was dead. That much she had learned about Wesley in their brief time together. He cared for her, and she had finally realized it. But only when she looked back over her years of knowing him did she figure out just how much. From saving her from many things to letting her have her revenge on Dr. Seidel alone. It wasn't simply a concern for her well-being, but a deep respect for all that she was and could be.

Fred also noticed that she couldn't feel anything below the waist. She initially thought that she was paralyzed. She disproved that by moving her leg even though there was no sensation. After that it was easy to see that she was in a hospital room. Then she heard and saw something that drew her attention "Um, Wes, who's baby is that?"

Said baby had begun to cry. A couple of nurses entered the room to tend to it. Meanwhile, Wesley's brain finally caught up with his eyes and ears. "It's ours, don't you remember?"

"What!? How? I mean how long was I gone?" Fred babbled and pondered the implications of this new information. Her and Wesley have a baby. But she was nowhere to be found, it had to be Illyria who was around for the beginning of the pregnancy. And Fred had thoughts she would rather avoid
'What did that thing do with my body? And Wesley, he said it was ours, but I was dead,

how can

this be?'


Wesley jerked back, after Illyria's prolonged deception, he dared not hope for the impossible "What's the last thing you remember?"

"I remember asking if could stay, and then I died" Fred was wondering at the questions, add to it that Wesley looked older than when she last saw him. Fred was putting the pieces together.

Wesley sighed and accepted the new situation, dropped his head and whispered "So it's really you, Fred?"

Fred nodded in response "Yeah, I mean I think so. Wes? What's wrong?" She waited for Wesley to respond while she looked at the baby. She had dark hair like her mother, though lighter than Fred's own.

Meanwhile the baby had been crying this whole time. No matter what the nurses did, the baby continued to wail while thinking
'This is intolerable, the shell was supposed to be mine, now I am confined to this larval form, it had to have been that

sorcerer.

I will kill him, though it may take awhile.'
The baby then opened its eye's, the nurse noted they were a brilliant blue. She thought they were cute and just like the father's, of course Wesley had regular darker blue eyes while the baby had ones that were light and unnatural.

Three people and/or demons underestimated the power of the soul. Illyria and Wesley had assumed that Fred was gone, or destroyed. That was never the case. She was scattered, that was it. She simply needed a place to go. Vail thought in his turn that Illyria could be removed without consequence, but she had sacrificed so much that she had inadvertently acquired a soul. So it was that Illyria now inhabited Fred and Wesley's daughter.

Of course, Wesley didn't know this yet, he still trying to come up with a way to tell Fred all that had happened. The best he could do was say "It's a long story, where do you want me to start…?"

>