

Anakin had begun to see why some beings indulged in 'comfort food'. Not only did he now enjoy eating in general (well, more than he had before in any case), but the idea of having something else to do or even just have in his hands when the prospects may not be promising ended up being far more appealing than he'd thought it would be.

He still didn't particularly care for sweet food above any other, but holding a plate of pastries in his hand while he spoke with Girth about his assignment concerning the Jedi Temple was a small comfort he found himself glad for; undoubtedly the reason why the drall insisted on bringing them to every session in the first place.

They only discussed the assignment marginally. Girth asked Anakin what had been the most difficult part about writing the essay, the approach he took, what he found difficult or not. After a few minutes of answering questions, the drall finally seemed satisfied.

"Well, I look forward to reading this in depth," the mind healer said with a smile as he tucked the data chip Anakin had given him away before turning back to the boy. "It seems you've gotten this down rather well. And you have been practicing analyzing your feelings every night, correct?" Anakin again nodded truthfully. "Excellent. No wonder you're making such progress."

The young Jedi acknowledged the comment with another, somewhat absent nod. He didn't feel like he'd been making a lot of progress. He was certainly different than he had been a few months ago, but not
that
different. Girth had stated the words like it was obvious and an enormous accomplishment, but it wasn't to Anakin. No matter what he did, he couldn't seem to rid himself of the taint of the Dark Side and there were still so many things he had to change both about himself and the Galaxy in general to prevent the awful events of the future from coming to pass.

Girth probably knew Anakin didn't believe the observation on his progression, but he continued the session without further comment on that subject, instead switching to what he had obviously planned to be the main topic for the session. .

"Today, Anakin, I would like to work on identifying feelings you have concerning your past," the mind healer said, watching his patient carefully. Anakin appreciated the honesty and terse nature of the statement, but had to wonder why Girth hadn't been more careful and round-about when approaching his past as he had been before. Probably to gauge Anakin's current mind-set towards the subject. If that were the case, it worked. He felt his breath catch at the words, despite his best efforts. He knew the drall meant his 'slave' past, but he couldn't help but think of his entire past. Even if he could only remember his life as a slave the idea still wasn't appealing. He'd had such a difficult time describing his feelings towards the Jedi Temple let alone the nightmare that came before or even after...

"I know it will be difficult," Girth said gently, "but to overcome and learn to live with some of the events that have taken place, you need to examine them and discover why you felt how you did. Once you can do that, you can begin to accept those events and move past them."

For the first time since the session where he'd met the furry being, Anakin wanted to roll his eyes at the uselessness of Girth's proposal. He knew why he did what he did. He'd always known. He did not want to revisit some of his old wounds for something so unnecessary and pointless.

Then again, it would only be about his slave life, and that wouldn't be quite so difficult. Still pointless, but it would avoid a confrontation with Girth (because said confrontation would undoubtedly get back to the Council and they would not like him disagreeing or refusing to work with the mind healer, which may lead to him landing a permanent cell in the bowels of the Temple for the rest of his life because they would never just let a darksider go).

He still wasn't happy about the idea. Actually, he found the thought of exposing anything in his past to be rather distasteful and really wanted to disregard the drall's suggestion. Was it worth a confrontation? He wasn't sure.

For the first time in several months, he considered leaving the entire situation, just walking out of the session and the Temple and never coming back simply to avoid this pointlessness. It took him a few moments to dismiss the tempting idea. He couldn't leave until he'd taken care of Sidious. He needed allies to accomplish his goal. He needed training as well as a lightsaber (he had come to the Temple too late to go with the younglings on their latest Gathering, and in his first life he'd had to wait until Obi-wan had taken him to Ilum before he could build his own lightsaber), and he needed to be in a position where he could change the most events. No, he couldn't leave, no matter how tempting it seemed.

"Anakin, would you mind going through some of your memories with me?" Girth asked cautiously, obviously sensing his charge's reluctance. Anakin frowned. He still wasn't comfortable with this, but felt he had little other choice. So he slowly nodded and shoved his discomfort aside.

"You may find it easier than you think," Girth said reassuringly. "You've already spoken of your mother and some of what happened, both positive and negative. So, if you agree, we can start at the beginning. What was your first memory?"

Anakin's frown deepened. "I'm not sure," he said. It was so long ago and a lot of those memories blurred together in his mind when he tried to recall them.

Girth nodded thoughtfully. "Normally I'd begin to teach meditative techniques at this point so we could go back to the first thing you consciously remember, but I know you've already had several taught to you. Perhaps you could try those now?"

The former Sith didn't understand why it was so important, but it wasn't like he couldn't use the practice and if it would keep the drall (and consequently the Jedi Masters) happy, then he supposed he could. So, with a sigh and a mental grumble, he closed his eyes and slowed his breathing, reaching out to the Force as Girth instructed him to focus on his life as a slave, and what his very first memory could be.

After a few minutes, a face came to mind. It was his mother, much younger than when he'd last seen her, with her hair in a single braid over her shoulder. The lighting was dim and dark, but she smiled down at him and spoke...except nothing came out of her mouth. No words, just her comforting presence and that smile on her face.

Anakin took a deep breath and opened his eyes, blinking at Girth. He wasn't surprised to know that his mother was his first memory. How old had he been at the time? It would have had to be when he was very young.

He related what he'd seen to Girth who looked very pleased and Anakin could sense relief from him through the Force. He'd probably been afraid that Anakin's first memory would be dark and painful. Not an impossibility.

"Do you recall how you felt when you saw her face?" Girth asked.

The former Sith nodded, a small smile on his lips despite his annoyance at the practice. "Comfort and peace. I felt like nothing could touch me because she was there."

Girth chuckled. "Not unusual for young children to feel that way towards their mother. Is there anything else about the memory you would like to discuss?"

Anakin thought about it for a moment before shaking his head. The mind-healer nodded and moved on.

"Very well, what would you say is the next thing you remember or would wish to share? Don't worry too much about bringing up memories in order. That's actually nigh impossible for most humans, and whatever you want to talk about in regards to your past is more than fine. If one memory leads to another one, please feel free to share it if you wish. Don't feel you have to, though."

"I would not be averse to attempting to give my thoughts in chronological order," Anakin said with a shrug. It would make it easier to share as he wouldn't be in nearly as much danger of letting something slip that he shouldn't while still giving the mind healer an illusion of effort.

Girth regarded Anakin with a cocked head for a moment before nodding. "Whatever you are comfortable with."

"I don't remember much of my early youth. I remember my mother, obviously, but while I believe I was not born on Tatooine, I do not remember anything before we came to that planet."

"Why were you brought to Tatooine?" Girth asked cautiously.

Anakin frowned again, this time in distaste. "My mother was sold to Gardulla the Hutt."

Girth must have sensed his souring mood because he spoke in a calm, reassuring tone. "You don't have to share anything you aren't ready to share."

"No, it will be fine," Anakin reassured with a wave of his hand. He still didn't have the biggest problem relating his time as a slave, even if some of the memories weren't pleasant. He shook his head and cleared his mind, using the familiar meditation techniques to try and bring more of his early childhood life to the forefront of his memory. "I remember little of that time," he reiterated as he cleared his mind of distraction and focused on the time period. "I only..."

He faded off as a memory surfaced.


Pain. So much pain! He screamed and cried and begged them to stop. And where was mommy? Why wasn't she here? Why were these people hurting his back? He didn't understand. It stung so badly! What had he done wrong? The big, fat thing said if he did something wrong he would be punished, but he hadn't done anything! Had he? He must have.



Another sharp stab across his back along with a whipping sound and he couldn't help but scream again. His throat hurt almost as much as his back, and he felt tears falling down his cheeks. He hated this! And he was so scared! Where was Mommy? Mommy would make it all go away!


Then...


Soothing hands holding him and cheeks just as wet as his were. Mommy was sad too. Did they do that to mommy as well? No! No, they couldn't hurt mommy! He held to her, trying to comfort her as much as she was comforting him. And the pain wasn't going away, no matter how much Mommy held him, it wasn't going away...


Anakin's brow furrowed and he realized his jaw had tightened again. His hands gripped his plate tightly enough to turn his knuckles white and they were shaking slightly. His focus and meditation had unintentionally brought up memories he'd thought long-since forgotten. He honestly couldn't believe he still remembered that after all these years, but what was more surprising was how upsetting those memories were. Gardulla the Hutt hadn't been the kindest master and to this day he still didn't know what he'd done to deserve the beatings she'd enforced, but he thought he'd gotten over that long ago.

"Anakin?" Girth's voice drew him out of his thoughts and he met the golden-brown eyes of the concerned mind healer. He didn't say anything. While those memories were not by any stretch of the imagination his worst or most painful he possessed, they still had some very negative emotions connected to them and he didn't trust himself to open his mouth and voice it at the moment. So much for being fine. He could feel the Dark Side's call grow louder as it came with the pain and fear and anger he'd recalled.

Perhaps this would be harder than he had originally assumed.

"You don't have to tell me," Girth reiterated after a few minutes of silence. "But I would like you to consider telling D-40."

"The droid?" Anakin asked derisively, suppressing a snort. Sure, telling a non-sentient wannabe protocol droid would definitely help him, he couldn't help but think sardonically. He'd probably end up tearing the thing to shreds without even touching it. And what would that do to his resolve? Telling the droid would mean reliving the memory, and he'd drawn power from so many of those types of memories as Vader. It would be so easy to slip back and brush the darkness, and then his plans would simply fall apart and Palpatine would be able to sense him... No, it would be better if he stayed away from those parts of his past completely.

"It's up to you," Girth said. "But you need a healthy outlet for your negative feelings."

"You don't understand," Anakin heard himself say. "I can't." Somehow, he wanted Girth to know. He didn't know how to describe it without giving too much away, but he suddenly wanted this little being that had actually helped him—who actually cared—to understand how
terrible
of an idea his suggestion was. He poured all of his emphasis into his words, but it still seemed inadequate and pathetic. He couldn't seem to make himself say anything else either.

The drall considered him for several minutes before nodding his head thoughtfully. "You're correct. I probably can't understand. But I know this: if you keep those negative memories and emotions locked away, you will never be rid of them. They will stay with you for the rest of your life and any more negative experiences you have will just add to them. Eventually you will not be able to contain them.

"Facing them, understanding why you felt the way you did at the time and then acknowledging that they happened and are a part of you will help you to move past them. That is why we've been working on you analyzing and acknowledging your feelings, so you don't end up containing them until you explode, because it
will
happen."

Anakin felt the color drain from his face. Girth's words rang so true, and hadn't he begun to feel as if he would snap recently? It wasn't something he was unfamiliar with. He'd known, to an extent, that emotions (negative or positive) built on and added to one another. It went along with both Sith and Jedi teachings, after all. Jedi were taught to release all emotion while Sith were taught to internalize emotions and use the resulting anger, fear and pain as power. But the idea of them building without his awareness had never quite occurred to him. It made sense, but he'd never consciously thought about it like that.

Perhaps
this
was what Yoda meant when he said that once he started down the dark path it would forever dominate his destiny. Once the darkness built, how could he ever be rid of it again without sinking back into it? He couldn't release his darker feelings without the distinct possibility of doing serious harm to himself (not to mention others around him) and having his thoughts twisted by the Dark Side, but if he kept them sealed away it would only be a matter of time before they forced themselves out, most likely in extremely negative ways that would simply have him revert to that which he had forsaken. Was he just a ticking time-bomb?

Additionally, if his memories of his early childhood brought up this kind of a reaction, what would his other, far more painful and shameful memories bring? And wouldn't he have to explore and revisit those as well if he really wanted to be rid of the tension he'd been building for so long? He physically shuddered at the thought. How could he handle
those
if he couldn't even seemingly handle this?! Just how weak was he?!

"I...I can't," he repeated, hating how vulnerable he sounded. The edges of the plate in his hand had started to cut into the skin, but he couldn't seem to relax his muscles.

"You have to find a release," Girth insisted. "That is what these sessions are for. If you cannot tell me or Master Xio, then tell the droid. Acknowledging these negative emotions is the first step to releasing them and the pressure associated with them."

That went along with the Jedi teachings.

"Release them to the Force," he muttered. "Yeah, I know that."

"I don't know about releasing your feelings to the Force," Girth corrected. "I have no idea how one would go about doing that. All I know is how normal, non-sensitives work. You acknowledge your feelings or the traumatic event (usually both), and then you accept that they happened and you can't change that. Then you let it go. Not necessarily the memory per se, but the feelings associated with them. Once you release them and realize that they have no power over you, they will stop dragging you down."

"Dragging me down?" Anakin heard himself ask and wondered why he had for a moment. He had a vocabulary that did consist of more than repeating what had just been said to him but he couldn't seem to bring himself to use it at the moment.

"Oh, yes," the mind healer nodded emphatically, which only accentuated his normally fast, jerky movements. "Guilt, fear, anger, sadness, they can all cause blocks both mental and emotional. Those blocks can stop you from forming healthy relationships, from learning and reaching your full potential, from adapting to new situations and in extreme cases can even stop some people from functioning in a normal society. Beings in this state are often referred to as people who just exist; people who can't truly live."

Anakin just stared at Girth. He sensed that the being fully believed in his words, and it made Anakin look more closely at them, despite the numbness that had seemed to settle over his mind. That he'd had many if not all of the problems the drall had named for years—decades even—lent a lot of credit to the idea. If Girth was to be believed...wow. Anakin couldn't help the realization that struck him. Was he really
that
screwed up? That...
broken
? And if his counselor was right, he'd been that way almost from the moment he'd been born; from the very beginning of his life, not only his time as a Sith or even as a Jedi.

"What...I..." he started, overwhelmed, but stopped. He didn't know where to begin and he suddenly seemed so lost and alone. How could he begin to try and understand any of it? So many things set him apart from the others around him, most of them being his poor choices and the consequences of those decisions. That hurt the worst, knowing that he was the way he was mainly by his own actions. And Girth had said he'd have to accept all of that? "There are things I've done...I could never accept them."

He felt more than saw the drall frown. "You don't have to accept anything distasteful you've done as good or right. Far from it. Just accept that they happened. Good or bad, those are not things you can change. Remember what I said about 'shouldn'ts' and 'shoulds'? For now, forget that you should or shouldn't feel something. Accepting that you do have those emotions is what will help you the most in the long run at this point."

"What if you could?" Anakin cut in quickly. He didn't want to dwell on this anymore. He wasn't sure he could handle it at the moment and he just wanted to get away from the train of thought for a second. He knew he was grasping at straws, using confusion and something the mind healer would be interested in to distract him, and in any other state of mind he may have kicked himself for potentially giving too much away, especially because he'd have to explain his sudden question, but at the moment he would take just about any other discussion.

Girth, surprised at his abrupt question, stared at Anakin, eyes blinking (creating a rather strange effect, seeing as they were on each side of his head). Anakin got the distinct feeling that few people caught the mind healer flat-footed, so to speak."What if you could what?"

"Change something that happened."

The mind healer still looked confused and he did not seem to be pleased that they had gotten so abruptly off topic. "You mean what if you could change your past?"

Anakin forced himself to nod.

Girth sighed and spoke, not unkindly. "It's not possible, and you need to accept that as well."

"But what if I could?" Anakin said again, more firmly.

"You mean like time-travel?" Girth asked, still sounding perplexed and probably wondering why Anakin had voiced the question to begin with.

"Hypothetically, something like that," Anakin said, voice quiet although he refused to act cowed or sheepish and thus held the other's gaze with as much dignity as he could muster.

The drall frowned but he seemed to consider Anakin's question.

"Or...perhaps, a vision?" the young Jedi amended. Given what most of the universe knew of Jedi, he figured that would put most of his counselor's misgivings to rest. He seemed to be right, as the drall relaxed almost immediately.

"Ah, I see. We're getting into more Jedi territory here, I believe. I will remind you that I cannot answer many questions about the Force, and you may want to bring this up with Master Xio, but I can give you my honest opinion. What have you been taught regarding such visions?"

Anakin felt the familiar, blank mask fall over his features as he spoke in a dull, lifeless tone. "The future is always changing, and it can take many paths. Visions are of possible futures only."

Girth raised his eyebrow. "You don't sound like you believe that at all."

Anakin hesitated for only a moment before shrugging and realizing he felt more in control again (which came as a huge relief). "I can see how it can be true, but sometimes I see things in dreams and...and they always come true. It's like I live another life."

"I see," the drall mused thoughtfully. "And if you know the future you can change it, so you're asking if you could change something that hasn't happened yet? I guess that would depend on whether the act of seeing the vision itself is part of the envisioned future or not."

"You mean," Anakin said slowly, "whether my having and remembering the vision will bring about the future events I speak of or not?"

Girth regarded Anakin with a knowing smirk, probably unsurprised at Anakin's grasp on the situation, even considering the young Jedi's previously shell-shocked mind-set. "Exactly. Are you seeing a future that you will bring about because you saw the vision, or are you seeing a future that would have happened without the vision?"

"I've had both types of visions, really," the former Sith replied honestly. When his counselor didn't respond for a few seconds, Anakin decided to try and push his answer a little. "So what if I knew the future, and had, in my mind at least, lived it—made horrible decisions that had millions of people die by my hand—and could change it?"

"Do you know if this vision regards your having the vision?" Girth asked carefully, seeming a little out of his element.

"Yes I do," Anakin said, his voice certain. "It doesn't."

The drall frowned, regarding him for several seconds. "You're not telling me everything. Something happened in these visions of yours... My answer will not be the most accurate without the full knowledge of what you saw, but I can tell that you're not ready to disclose anymore. Actually, I'm honored you trusted me with this much."

Well, at least he realized how difficult it had been for Anakin to explain that (not as difficult as revisiting some of his memories, but still not easy).

"So, you are carrying the weight of other lives because of these dreams?"

"Weight?" Anakin asked warily.

"Every decision we make weighs on us, Anakin. The burden of one lifetime can sometimes be too much for a person to bare. You say you practically live other lifetimes in these visions and you remember them as if they really happened. So even if you change reality, would you say that these visions are reality to you?"

Anakin found himself impressed with how well the drall had caught onto the concept, let alone that he'd allowed the conversation to be hijacked. After a silent moment, the young Jedi nodded.

"Yes."

Girth seemed to contemplate Anakin for a moment before he spoke. "So, would you agree that if a government official set up an operation that would ultimately help him acquire a goal but take hundreds of lives in the process and at the last minute he stops the operation, he should still be punished as if he'd gone through with his original plans?"

Anakin frowned, focusing past the twitching whiskers of the other being and locking gazes with him. "Of course not." He didn't like where this was going.

"Then why are you insisting on doing that to yourself?"

The young Jedi looked away stubbornly.

After several seconds of more silence, Girth shook his head. "Anakin, you're punishing yourself for something that hasn't happened. Carrying the burden of that on your shoulders...the weight of multiple lifetimes—of sentient lives you saw lost (despite the fact that they aren't truly because they still exist today in our reality), it's pointless."

"I can't help it," the young Jedi said bitterly. "Because I can't forget it. All of those people..." he looked down at his hands. "My own...family." He just stopped himself from saying 'child'. Dream or not, he did not trust his mind-healer enough to disclose that information. Still, this conversation was turning out to be almost as uncomfortable as their previous one. Anakin could feel Girth's frustration through the Force for a moment, even though he didn't show it.

"I still think you need to let the guilt and pain you get from these visions go. If it didn't happen to anyone in our reality, then it didn't happen and you shouldn't punish yourself for it. Even if a disaster
would
have happened, if you prevented it then you should count the lives you saved in this universe instead of the lives lost in another one."

"I don't know if I can," Anajkin said truthfully. "I made those decisions... Without the foreknowledge those events will happen. It's still a part of who I am." He shook his head again. "Even if they haven't happened yet, I still remember them, so they exist." Because it hurt more to think of a universe without his son and daughter in it than to think of a universe where his special brand of evil never existed. He couldn't dismiss the other future, no matter how this one turned out. The only thing that eased the pain of knowing his children would probably never be born now was the fact that Padme would live this time around. He would make sure of it.

Girth thought for a moment, stroking the fur on his chin as he did so. "We'll work on getting you to release the negative emotions you gain from these 'alternate futures', but for now, if you feel these 'alternate universes' are real, you need to acknowledge why you chose to do what you did, whether in this life or the others, even if you can't understand or agree with those reasons today. Right now your guilt is overwhelming you. You say that you still remember making terrible decisions. Well, that is something you can learn from. In the future, don't make those decisions. In all actuality, the visions you've described to me are giving you the opportunity to become a better person. Letting the guilt and fear of knowing what 'could' have happened grow inside you will only serve to create those emotional blocks I spoke of earlier. You need to find a way to free those feelings. Speaking and describing the situations aloud is a good form of release. You can't kill with words."

"I disagree," Anakin muttered. He'd seen what Sidious could do with a few well-placed words.

"You have to find a way to release emotions you associate with these memories, Anakin, or they will continue to hold you back," the mind healer insisted. "We've set aside time for you to do that. It's up to you to utilize it."

Anakin didn't answer, unhappy that they'd returned to the idea of examining and revisiting his past. After a moment, the mind healer sighed. "How about we compromise: try it. Just start at the very beginning and tell the droid everything. If it doesn't work, we'll figure something else out. Maybe writing it down. There are many ways to release those emotions, but you must release them, and often that means revisiting them and understanding them, unfortunately even—especially—the difficult memories."

Anakin remained silent as he contemplated Girth's words, thankful that he didn't feel quite so overwhelmed at the moment. Still, could he just open up like that to the droid? He'd have to reset it to its original function and didn't relish that. Besides, what if he spoke and couldn't contain the rage that would inevitably come? The anger and guilt and pain? Would the Jedi Temple just fall a good 13 years early? Although he doubted he could kill everyone in the Temple at this point. He didn't have Storm Troopers backing him up, and he didn't have the skills of an incredibly talented senior Knight on a power high.

Yet

If he had to take a chance, now was the time to do it, he realized. Now, when he could be stopped.

The idea scared him—to death—but the idea of losing control of himself scared him more. He had to do whatever he could to stop that, for the Galaxy at large; for the Jedi; for Obi-wan and Siri and his friends and Padme...

He felt his resolve harden. He'd turned for Padme. He would do something even more difficult for her now. He would save her future, even if it meant he wouldn't be in it.

"Alright..." he heard himself whisper. He couldn't afford to let anything hold him back and if Girth were right, he had to do this. That didn't mean he had to enjoy or look forward to it.

He hadn't felt this terrified since he'd gone to face Luke on Endor. He still remembered how he'd felt when his subordinates reported that they had caught a rebel. He'd immediately known it was his son but hadn't had any idea as to how Luke would react to him. The boy turning himself in had been a good sign, but frightened hadn't begun to express his emotions at the time. Now, with the future's entire existence hanging in the balance...

"On one condition," he added on firmly. "And I must discuss it with Master Yoda first."

Girth seemed both pleased and confused. "Why would you have to speak with Master Yoda?"

Anakin shook his head. "It is one of those instances where I do not believe you will understand."

The drall frowned. "Can you try to explain it to me?"

Anakin thought for a moment before coming to a conclusion. "Yes. But only after I speak with him."

"Very well," Girth said slowly as he slid off of the chair and onto the floor. "I will contact him."

"Thank you," Anakin whispered, hoping he wasn't about to make a horrible mistake.

xXx

Jedi Grandmaster Yoda walked along the halls of the Jedi Order at a calm, measured pace, leaning on his gimmer staff and returning the nods and greetings of those who passed him. To say he'd been surprised to get a request from Healer Girth would be a slight understatement, especially considering the timing. Healer Girth had been informed that if he had anything to report, he would either do so to Master Xio or the entire council if his fellow mind-healer felt it necessary. They actually had scheduled a time for him to come in the next day to speak with the Council about young Anakin's treatment. That the message had asked that Master Yoda come as soon as he could and the fact that Skywalker should be with the drall now concerned the old Jedi.

Why would they ask for him to come?

He'd dismissed the idea that the drall wanted to circumvent Master Xio's authority almost immediately. Healer Girth had been nothing if not an honest being from what Yoda had sensed, and his history painted the picture of a dedicated professional. Unless he had an excellent reason, he doubted Healer Girth would do anything so petty.

Equally (if not more) unlikely were any nefarious reasons that he may want to call the Jedi Master into the rooms he had been temporarily allotted at the Jedi Temple. If the man was an assassin or spy, he hid it far too well for them to detect, and the Force had suggested that the drall was trustworthy. Besides, the Council had made sure to keep a close eye on the Healer Girth while he was in the Temple, not to mention they had done their research. Nothing even remotely suspicious about the man had come up in any of their observations or findings.

Only marginally more plausible was the idea that they had somehow come across a security problem with the Temple. It would have to be something fairly major, but not bad enough to go before the entire council (unlikely) or something immediate (only slightly more likely). Still, he had not gotten a sense of urgency from the call, and so highly doubted this.

The first thought he'd actually entertained was that somehow young Skywalker had personally asked for Yoda. Yoda had extended an invitation for him to do so, albeit with stipulations, but it was something he was determined to follow up on. The boy needed support, and Yoda knew he was one of the only people the boy trusted to give it. Really it was amazing what a little bit of well-placed, positive reinforcement could do.

So what kind of situation would have the boy request for his presence? Yoda doubted it would be for anything young Anakin deemed less than absolutely necessary. Had something happened and he'd withdrawn or panicked to a point where Healer Girth couldn't calm him down? He doubted it. The drall would have contacted Master Xio at that point and the Force seemed tense at the moment when he followed its flow towards Skywalker's presence, but not out of control. No, it seemed more anxious than wild. What worried him were the traces of darkness he could sense—as he almost always could—in the boy's signature. They were more pronounced now than at any time since Naboo. That alone was cause enough for Yoda to cut his normal meditation short and answer the call.

That did bring up another thought. Could Skywalker have somehow let slip some of the deeply-rooted secrets of his past that no one (not even Yoda, and if he were anyone else he would find that to be very frustrating) could seem to figure out or even guess at? Perhaps the drall didn't know how to deal with something that could very well be steeped in a dark power. How would one go about trying to help a child that may very well have had to murder in cold blood for his training?

But again, if that were the case, then it should have been taken to Master Xio and Yoda simply could not see the drall doing that.

It was rather perplexing, and Yoda was curious (and perhaps marginally worried) to find out Healer Girth's—and Anakin's—reasoning.

Eventually he made it to his destination and the door opened when he stepped in front of it.

"Ah, Master Yoda," Healer Girth said in his rather high-pitched voice. Yoda walked inside and set the tip of his gimmer stick down firmly in front of him, leaning on it as he looked at the two beings in the room.

"Curious I am as to why you have called me."

Healer Girth glanced between Yoda and Anakin for a moment. The boy seemed to still be lost in thought, although his eyes had never left Yoda. At that point, the drall spoke up.

"Anakin and I have been working on identifying his feelings so that he can learn to release the negativity of his past experiences. I asked Anakin if he would share some of his memories with me, but he wasn't comfortable with that, so I encouraged him to speak to the droid about those experiences. He was hesitant at first, but eventually agreed with stipulations. That stipulation was to call you here so he can speak with you before he sees the droid."

"Ah, young one," Yoda said with a nod of his head as he turned to Anakin. "Why need me do you? Interrupted my meditation, you did." It wasn't said with any malice, but it was a very subtle warning that Yoda would be disappointed if it Anakin didn't have a good reason. Understanding, yes, but still disappointed.

Anakin shifted for a moment before jutting his chin into the air and standing firm. "I have a request."

"Do you?" Yoda asked, still amused and smiling encouragingly.

"I know you have been hoping I would give you information on my former Master," he glanced over at the mind-healer. "The Sith."

Healer Girth just seemed confused at that. Yoda wasn't pleased Anakin had said it aloud to someone who lived and worked outside of the Temple, but he doubted much harm would come from it so he let it pass with a small admonition.

"Speak of such things lightly, you should not, but yes. Waiting we have been until ready to tell us you are."

Anakin nodded, still looking stalwart and all too stiff, like a soldier addressing a commanding officer. Yoda didn't much care for the comparison, no matter how accurate it seemed.

"I...am not comfortable with giving away such information at the moment because I have no proof I can give you, but I can say that he is on Courscant on a regular basis."

Yoda frowned, waiting for a moment to see if Anakin would continue. He didn't.

"Troubling this is as sensed him we have not."

"Sith are masters of deception," Anakin said.

Yoda raised an eyebrow at the boy. "Yes. Learn they do from a young age."

A ten-year-old boy shouldn't pick up on that subtle prod that suggested they were still watching Anakin for any signs of deceit. Even though he didn't seem to move a muscle, Yoda felt a flare through the Force that confirmed he did indeed understand. It also confirmed Yoda's suspicion that Anakin had been a Sith apprentice, not just taught by a random darksider. Very troubling. Anakin seemed to realize what he had given away because he frowned slightly but eventually moved on without acknowledging the comment.

"While going through my...therapy," he said the word with just a touch of distaste, although as to whether that related to the method or the idea that he still had to have these sessions, Yoda could only guess at. "I will be going through some rather...dark memories. I am not confident I can remain in control of my feelings or Force presence..." At that point he shot a half pointed, half pleading look at Yoda.

"Afraid you are that fall you will?" Yoda asked softly, smile replaced by a wary sadness.

Anakin took a deep breath and then swallowed before answering. "Yes."

"Hmm," Yoda said with a nod. It was a valid concern after all, seeing as he already had touched—embraced even—the dark side on Naboo, and who knew how often before that?

Anakin continued. "Also I...I fear I may have a bond with my former Master that I did not know of until recently. If I do fall, he will know I am here. Not only will that put me in a great deal more danger, but the Temple itself as well."

Yoda took a few more steps towards Anakin. "Know you should that safe the Temple is."

He felt a stab of...was that skepticism coming from the boy? Yes, laced with firm denial and smothered by guilt. How very strange. Why would a young boy feel that way about the Jedi Temple?

"Nevertheless, Master Yoda, I would prefer to continue to hide my presence from him."

Ah, so that was why Anakin had asked specifically for him.

"Wish for me to shield you you do?"

Anakin glanced down although he still hadn't moved his head (Yoda was sure he'd get a stiff neck if he continued to stand like that).

"If you could, Master Yoda."

Yoda studied Anakin thoughtfully. "Know, you do, that shield you every time, I cannot."

At this, the boy's chin finally dropped and he locked gazes with the diminutive Jedi. "Of course not, Master. It's just...truthfully, I don't trust you, but I trust you, and maybe Master Yaddle, more than almost anyone else. I do not know if even your shields will hide my presence from him, but I cannot undertake Healer Girth's method of healing unless I can be reasonably sure he cannot sense me."

"Hmm," Yoda said, thinking. He understood why the boy had asked this of him. He was hiding from his former Master just as much as he was here to train. Although Yoda would have liked for Anakin to have confessed to his motives before, the fact that he was confessing now said a lot about his character and how far he had come already in his healing. Still, Yoda was not in the habit of making hasty decisions outside of battle and he would not do so now.

"Need to meditate on this, I do," Yoda finally said. "Consider this I will. Inform you before your next session I will."

"Well then," Healer Girth broke in brightly, trying to shatter the grim mood. "I would still like for you to spend some time with the droid today, if you wouldn't mind Anakin. Just talk. Tell D-40 whatever you would like. I'll draft some questions for next time to make it easier for you, alright?"

The poor being had obviously not understood half of what they'd just said, but he seemed to take it well. Yoda found his respect for the mind healer rising.

"Yes." Anakin said, not even bothering to act like a child anymore. "Of course."

Yoda watched Healer Girth lead Anakin into a side room where he could speak to the droid more privately. After a few more moments, the grandmaster turned and left, prepared to meditate on whether he should spend so much time with a single initiate and take that time out of his rather busy schedule. Would he even be up to the task? If the boy's Sith Master was as strong as Anakin indicated...

This was troubling indeed, and Yoda had a sense that they had only scratched the surface of this problem.

xXx

AN: Yeah, thought this had been posted. I'm pretty sure this is the beta'd version, but if you see anything out of the ordinary, please let me know.

Almost a thousand favs?! I'm floored guys! :hug: Thank you so much! I recently reread the whole thing so that I could point out areas I needed to tie up and maybe get through this awful block I have on the next chapter (which is actually why I'm posting my new dark!Obi-wan story as writing in general helps me to get past blocks on most of my stories). If you have any areas that you feel will need to be addressed in the future, go ahead and list them here (because I'm sure I've missed something).

Also, know that while I do not have the time to answer all reviews, I most certainly do read every single one of them and that they do help a lot when it comes to helping me overcome blocks or just to encourage me to write more. Thanks to everyone who has reviewed! It is greatly appreciated! :hug:

Thanx to Batfan7 the amazing!

>