

Hello, Sweetest-Addiction here. I just wanted to inform you that I have, indeed, deleted all of the previous chapters. Here is the first revised chapter, and Thank you all for your support!


"Sandy, will you go find some berries for your sister?" Uga shouted to her youngest child from across the small field they were currently residing in.

Sandy groaned and stood up, walking into a random part of the forest that surrounded them. She was excited to have a second niece or nephew, of course, but ever since Eep found out she was pregnant the first time everything suddenly became about her. Sandy didn't find it too terrible at first, because she could get away with much more when the attention was directed away. But after so long, it just irked her to no end.

She kicked a rock out of her path and let out a large sigh. She looked around the area for any sign of berries, but was caught off track when she saw something glimmer to her left. She quickly turned, and saw a small crystal hidden in the water. As she was about to enter the water to retrieve the mystifying object, she heard her mother calling for her in the distance.

Sandy hurriedly searched around for berries and found a small bush full of bubbleberries, as Grug liked to call them. She picked all of them and used her shirt to cradle them on her way back. Eep was beyond grateful when Sandy came back with the berries and proceeded to stuff her face while the others ate the large bird Guy managed to catch. Sandy picked at the meat, not hiding her troubled expression. Guy noticed this and took a seat beside her.

"What's wrong?" He asked with a worried expression. She stayed silent, not wanting to burden him. Guy let out a sigh and placed a hand on her shoulder. "If you ever need to talk, I'm here." He stood up and sat beside Eep, who seemed much more content after eating the delicious berries.

The air whistled in sandy's ear, sending chills down her spine. She sat up and looked around to see everyone asleep, and she suddenly remembered the crystal in the water. Overtaken by curiosity, she stood up and ran in the same direction from which she came only hours before. It took her a while to find the crystal again, but when she did, she didn't hesitate to go into the water to retrieve it.

Just as she had given up on finding the crystal, she saw a familiar glimmer from below her. She inhaled deeply before diving under the water and swimming down to grab the crystal. Just as she grabbed it, the waters swirled in such a way that she couldn't swim up for air. When she prepared to swim up, the water slammed her into the ground and everything went black.

>