

-*.*.*-

Title: Secrets

Summary: "Even if this had all turned out differently… I think I still would have found you and fallen in love with you." Drabbles for the Look After You universe. Sirius/Ginny

Disclaimer: I only own the plot.

Author's Note: This follow the
Complex Touch
and
Look After You
universe. I've decided to share some drabbles on random moments in their lives before, during or after those two stories. Enjoy all the nonsense!

-*.*.*-

The dormitory was in an uproar. Unsurprisingly none of the girls had prepared the night before for their holiday home for Christmas. Marlene was frantically searching for a new set of robes she had bought in Hogsmeade that now seemed to be lost in Dorcas' pile of clothes. Amelie couldn't decide which school books to bring home with her, talking out loud to herself that she'd rather just do no homework at all. Dorcas was throwing everything into her trunk without looking. Ginny could see a pair of shorts, which would be completely unnecessary for the cold weather, sticking out from beneath some of the parchment in Dorcas' trunk.

Ginny was panicking also. She'd be going home with Fabian and Gideon. She would be meeting her family for the first time as Ginny Stiles. But she'd be seeing her mum and dad for the first time in months, even if they didn't know they were her parents. The thought made her both excited and nauseous. How was she suppose to decide what clothes to bring to the Burrow if she could hardly even accept the fact that she was going to the Burrow?

It was complete madness.

So she was packing robes and jumpers and pants. Amelie had made her pack a Quaffle she had bought her as an early Christmas present, though she had made sure to shrink it before shoving it in her trunk for her, so that Ginny could practice Quidditch during the holidays. Dorcas had made sure Ginny had gotten back several school books she had been borrowing. And Marlene had let Ginny take an older set of robes from her for when she went to the Potter's.

The Potter's.

Ginny groaned to herself and slapped a hand to her forehead. How did she even agree to this trip from Hogwarts? She should have just ignored the boys; though their concern was sweet it was putting her in a bit of a spot now. After Christmas she'd be spending the remainder of her time with James, Peter, Sirius, and Remus. Lily would be joining also. The idea of the six teenagers together was thrilling and also terrifying.

"-we've got less than twenty minutes," Dorcas was crying out as Ginny focused on her surroundings. "This is bullocks, absolutely insane, why did we not pack last night?"

Marlene glanced at Ginny and they shared a look. They hadn't packed last night because Dorcas had been in a state over the idea of leaving Hogwarts for the holidays also. This would be Dorcas' first holiday without her family. It hadn't been long since Voldemort had killed them and while Dorcas liked to pretend she was fine, that everything was just fine, the girls knew better. They had found Dorcas last night crying in her bed with Amelie when they came up to pack.

And so instead of packing Ginny had run down to the kitchens with Marlene, took back armfuls of food, and they stayed up all night. Amelie was taking Dorcas home with her for the holidays so the girls knew she would be fine once she got there. But the weeks to come would continue to be hard for Dorcas, as should be expected.

"We're fine, we've got plenty of time, don't we?" Amelie said, slamming her trunk shut.

"Did you pack your homework?" Marlene asked her, shutting her own trunk and heading towards Dorcas' mess.

"What's the point of homework, really?" was all Amelie said as she went to sit on Ginny's bed.

Ginny smiled at her friend and closed her trunk also. She could only hope she had packed everything she'd need for the upcoming two weeks.

"Are you excited, then?" Amelie whispered to Ginny.

"About?"

Ginny shrugged on a jumper she had left out, getting her head stuck in the hole before Amelie pulled it down. Laughing, Amelie elbowed her.

"Staying with Sirius. Don't think I'd let you get away without talking about it."

Pursing her lips, Ginny said nothing. But when Amelie's laughter grew, catching the attention of Dorcas and Marlene, a smile fought its way to her lips.

"Are you going to shag him?"

"What? No! No, we're definitely not to that point-"

"What point are you at, hm?" Dorcas teased, the conversation momentarily wiping her sadness from her face.

"Do tell, Ginny," Marlene purred.

Ginny rolled her eyes before helplessly throwing her hands into the air.

"We're at no point. It's all a confusing mess, really," Ginny admitted.

Dorcas giggled as she put on a cloak.

"I think you're at the point of no return," she told her.

Ginny threw her an unamused look but Dorcas ignored it. A knock on the dormitory door distracted the girls and a younger student, a fifth year Ginny figured, poked her head in.

"Ginny?" the girl called. "Some Gryffindors are waiting for you in the corridor, asked me to come grab you."

Groaning as the other girls burst out into laughter, Ginny offered the girl a thanks. When the door clicked shut Amelie began jumping on Ginny's bed.

"Don't get yourself knocked up, make sure. We've got a whole Quidditch season to finish. We can't have you breaking your arm one game then having a baby the next!"

"If you do have a baby will you name her after me?" Marlene asked, batting her eyes.

"Perhaps you'll have twins." Dorcas winked at her from the other side of the room.

"Funny, funny! I've got to get going!" Ginny yelled, picking up her trunk.

Crookshanks, as though knowing she were leaving, darted out of his hiding spot under the bed to follow her.

"Wait, we'll walk out with you," Dorcas cried out. "Everyone have everything?"

After a moment of double checking, though very quickly, the four girls left the dormitory, followed by the tiny kitten. The common room was just as hectic as their dormitory had been. Students who were spending the holiday at Hogwarts were sprawled out on the couches, chatting and playing games. Others were saying goodbye, promising to write. One couple was lip locked.

It was only when Edgar, who had been waiting for Amelie by the fireplace, yelled a warning ("Fifteen minutes to get to the carriages! Everyone hurry along!") did the crowd begin to exit. Ginny was jostled as she stepped out of the entrance and into the corridor. And, as promised, there stood four of her favorite Gryffindor boys.

Sirius smiled at the sight of her and he rushed to meet her, grabbing her trunk with one hand and wrapping his other hand around her back. He pulled her towards him and pressed a haste kiss to the corner of her lips. Her cheeks flushed at the very public display of affection but she was pleased nonetheless.

"James is ready to lose his mind," Sirius muttered in her ear. "Thought you'd never leave that common room of yours."

Ginny smirked when Sirius stepped away from her and towards the boys, pulling her trunk with him. Feeling eyes on her, Ginny turned and saw that Marlene and Dorcas were still waiting for her. The girls approached the Gryffindors with large grins.

"Good day, boys," Dorcas greeted.

James gave a laugh of approval.

"Good day! Let's get heading to the carriages, shall we? Is your common room cleared out? Ah, here's your Head of House."

And, indeed, a professor was shooing students away from the entrance, telling them to hurry to the carriages. Ginny affectionately ruffled James' hair before hugging Remus and Peter. The group started down the corridor, chatting. Unsurprisingly, Sirius ended up walking beside Ginny.

"You look lovely today," he told her.

Ginny sighed but was grinning.

"Did you dress up for me?" he asked.

"I was aiming more for Crookshanks approval than your own," Ginny said, biting her lip. "Sorry."

"He does hold quite a high opinion of you," Sirius agreed.

Ginny laughed and, without thinking on it, intertwined her fingers with Sirius'. He smiled down at her but then was distracted by Marlene, who asked him about his latest detention.

"I was right."

Dorcas was walking beside Ginny, holding Crookshanks to her breast. The kitten mewled loudly.

"Right about what?" Ginny questioned, confused.

"You're at the point of no return."

Ginny frowned at her words but, feeling the warmth of Sirius' hand in her own, ignored the worry that bubbled within her.

>