

Sephiroth watched as Cloud stalked into the church with an almost righteous fury. He stopped right at the edge of the pool and looked down into its depths. "Aeris!" he almost shouted.

"Wow, you've really made him angry."

He turned to look at Zack leaning nearby, who was staring at the man's back in front of him. "I'm only doing what's best for him."

"You know what he's going to ask Aeris, don't you?"

"He wants to see me."

"He wants more than that…and she'll probably give it to him." Sephiroth sighed. He didn't agree with it at all…but it was only through Aeris' control of the Lifestream that he'd been able to remain silent and unseen until now. If she chose to remove that protection, then so be it. "And he does have a point."

"I know," he muttered as Zack faded away and Cloud spun on his heel. Their eyes met and it was like someone had just punched his gut. He felt like he couldn't breathe for a minute and he was frozen to the spot. Cloud stalked up to him, hands reaching out…and grabbed him. He looked solid, real, and he felt it. He had no idea if it was permanent, if others could see him, if it was only Cloud…and he didn't have time to worry about it. Said savior of the world was looking very angrily at him.

"Sephiroth, you think you've done me so much harm that I can't ever forgive you, right?" He nodded, vocal cords silent at feeling those strong hands on his wrists. "Then you owe me and I'm here to collect. You have to do something for me."

"…What is it you require?"

"That you
stop pushing me
towards someone else! I don't, can't, love anyone other than you! I want you to love me back so much, but right now, I'll at least settle for you to stop talking about how I need to be with someone else."

Seeing the absolute earnestness in his face, Sephiroth sighed and hung his head. It hid his face behind his long hair, but Cloud didn't leave it like that. The man stepped closer until they were almost molded together and looked up beneath the silvery curtain. "Please, Sephiroth?"

"Would what you ask…make you happy?"

"Yes."

The simple answer, so prompt, made him wonder what he had been doing for so long. Had he somehow been tormenting Cloud while trying to make him happy? Was he constantly missing the signs? Zack would tell him that it would be no big deal, he just had to learn, but it seemed as if no matter what he tried to do, it was wrong. "…Then I won't mention it again."

"Good." There was a long pause and then Cloud's left, gloved hand came up to touch his cheek. His voice was weaker now, more uncertain. "Then…what's your answer?"

"To what?" Hadn't he just agreed?

"To…my feelings. I just declared them pretty boldly a minute ago. How…do you feel about me?"

It was as Sephiroth was looking at him that he was reminded just how
young
Cloud really was. He was only twenty-two years old and for a brief moment, with his anxiety over the question, he looked it. It was enough to break the general's heart. He had taken away that innocence and yet here he was, still loving him no matter what he'd done. "Cloud…" His deep voice felt, and sounded, raw. "There…are no words…to describe the depth of what I feel. It goes beyond your body, beyond your soul. The words 'I love you' are pale in comparison to how I feel. You didn't give up on me and I just want…you to be happy. I fear I can't be that for you, that I'll be a constant reminder…but I can't escape you even if we were apart."

A soft smile, so rarely seen, stretched Cloud's lips. "Is that a confession?"

Sephiroth gave a despairing chuckle. "I give in. Once again, you beat me, Cloud. …Yes, it was."

It was Cloud that moved first after that. He'd barely finished speaking before those strong lips were latched onto his and it was actually quite…cute that even now Cloud was leaning up just a little because of their height difference. They parted after a too short kiss and he watched as the blonde haired man all but ripped off his gloves, tossing them on the floor, and buried his fingers in the silky, silvery mane of hair in front of him. "I've wanted to do that for my entire life," he whispered before they were kissing again.

The general held the man tight to him, knowing that what he was doing was all but sacrilegious. He was the villain, the enemy of the planet, and this was the very man that had killed him time and time again. He had no right to be kissing him, to be holding him, or feeling…
happy
about it. His hands slid down to Cloud's rear and he squeezed just a little before he gripped those strong thighs and lifted the shorter man up into his arms. Legs wrapped around his waist without pause and Sephiroth only broke the kiss to let Cloud breathe. He didn't need it, being dead and all, but his partner did.

"Do I live up to your dreams?" he whispered.

"Live up to them? Sephiroth, you surpass them. You always did, and you do now." Cloud's arms wrapped around his shoulders and he hugged him tight. The silence was wonderful and slowly Sephiroth kneeled to set Cloud on the floor as they cuddled next to the pool. He would have been content to merely kiss the rest of eternity, but Cloud was continuing. "I want you."

"I know," he murmured.

"No, I mean…I want you…alive."

He froze again. "Cloud…that…"

But those blue eyes tinged with green were deadly serious. "I mean it, Sephiroth. I'm going to talk to Aeris or Rufus, anyone that can…bring you back."

"Need I mention
again
what a bad idea that is? What that could do? They could…turn on you. Not just your friends, but…the entire world."

"Then we'll find a place to live, just the two of us, like Rufus does with the Turks, where no one can find us."

Where was all that optimism coming from? Sephiroth shifted, burying his hands in his hair in concern. "Assuming it's possible, and you don't know that it is, where could you possibly go that you'd be safe?"

"
We
, Sephiroth."

Part of his mind that he was trying to
ignore
said that there was really nothing anyone could do to harm them. They were the most powerful beings that this planet had ever seen. Yet Sephiroth really didn't want to be the cause of another war. He didn't want to have to go through another bloody war like with Wutai. He most definitely didn't want to be the cause of a rift between Cloud and the people he called friends. "You are every bit as stubborn as Zack," he muttered.

The one thing that could have convinced him, though, and did, was that lovely smile.

-0-0-0-0-

"I thought we'd see you again."

Sephiroth watched as Cloud entered the small home that Rufus was living in with the Turks. No one looked at him, so it was a safe bet to assume that while Cloud could see him, no one else could. He leaned against the wall, listening quietly as he appraised the former heir to the ShinRa Empire. Rufus had a few more scars than he had before, but he seemed healthy and there wasn't the coiled nature of the man that he'd had before. For all his meddling, he seemed…content.

"So that's it."

He shifted, paying more attention to the conversation. "If you can get his soul, intact, from the Lifestream, we can have a body for it…and we can also 'relocate' you. No one will find either of you."

Cloud's eyes narrowed. "And what do you want for it?"

"Believe it or not, Cloud, but nothing. I think we, the people and the planet, and myself personally, owe you too much to ask for payment. If you want to tell your friends, or the world, before this and then 'disappear' that's fine. If you want to just disappear without a word, that's fine too." Rufus shifted in his chair, bracing his chin on his hand.

Cloud turned to look at him, what to them was just a wall, but their eyes followed anyway. "What do you think?"

"If you let it be known I'm resurrected, there will be a manhunt, led by some of your most…zealous compatriots, but it isn't my place to say." Seeing Cloud's almost mutinous look, he sighed in frustration. "I don't think it would be a bad idea to perhaps write a letter to one of your friends that you feel is the most…neutral."

Cloud nodded and turned to Rufus. "I think I'll make a note to Vincent that you can…give to him after we disappear. He can tell the others what he wants, but if he tells them the truth and they decide they can forgive me and want to talk to me, Vincent can come to you."

"Oh, we're gate guards now?" Rufus rubbed his chin idly with his fingers, but there was a smile on his lips. "We will be the only ones to know your location, then. It shall be…interesting…to be your spokesperson. That's an unexpected turn of events."

"Rufus…"

Rufus waved away the warning tone. "Give us time to create the body. I assume you want it to look as close to the original as we can make it?"

"Yes."

"We'll contact you when it's done then."

As Cloud nodded and left the house, Sephiroth followed quietly. He didn't say anything, but his worry was palpable. He knew in his head this was a very bad idea, but somehow he didn't care. His heart was screaming for it, to be able to know that the arms that went around the man he loved were real. That the sensations he was feeling weren't simulated, brought on by his memory.

"You're worrying again."

Sephiroth looked at Cloud watching him, but smiled as best he could. "Always."

-0-0-0-0-

He opened his eyes as the sunlight flooded in their small bedroom. Cloud was wrapped up in his arms and Sephiroth internally groaned in happiness that he'd get to wake up to this for the rest of his life. Their hidden home was in a place that was only accessible via gold chocobo. Not even an air craft could land because of its small size, the dense forest, and surprisingly high rocky area surrounding it. Round Island, the only place that the Knights of the Round materia ever crystallized.

"What are you doing awake?"

He looked down at the sleepy voice and he ran his bare fingers through that spiky blonde hair. It had been two weeks and they hadn't heard from Rufus at all. He had to admit that when the Turks did a job, they did it right. Thanks to Aeris, the transference into the identical body had gone smoothly and they'd both been given new cell phones. Only Rufus and the Turks knew the numbers, Cloud reluctantly handing over his old phone. It would still be used, kept for emergencies, but with Rufus, and Sephiroth was glad. It would be ringing constantly.

It was rather obvious, after all, when the savior of the world went 'missing'.

"Are you sure you're…all right with this?" he asked for what felt like the hundredth time. "You gave up your life for this…"

There was no uncertainty in Cloud's face, though, no hint of regret. "I…miss my friends, yes, Sephiroth…but I don't regret it and I'm all right with my choice. I've 'done enough' as Aeris said, and now…I can be happy. You make me happy."

"You still flinch when I touch you."

"Only when you come up from behind and I don't hear you. It's…reflexes. They'll go away eventually." Steel came into those eyes. "And don't begin to think you don't deserve this, Sephiroth. I'll say it for a hundred years or more: I forgive you."

He sighed and slipped from the bed, pulling on his leather pants. Cloud watched him for a minute before doing the same and they stepped out of the small house that Cloud had made with his own two hands. It wasn't…perfect, as Cloud was no carpenter, but they'd fix it up little by little. That Cloud had spent that month while his body was being created making this just for them was…somehow more precious than anything else he'd ever seen. Nearby their gold chocobos were grazing, paying no attention to them. There was little to nothing on the island, the isolation soothing to Sephiroth.

Fingers twined with his and he looked at the man next to him bathed in sunlight. "I don't think I've ever seen you so…happy." The smile stretched from ear to ear and he couldn't help tasting those lips with his mouth. "Just like sunlight," he murmured.

"I didn't think you could be so sappy, Sephiroth." Before he could apologize, Cloud continued. "If I'm the sun, you're the moon. You certainly have the color for it." Sephiroth almost rolled his eyes at how they were acting, but he couldn't bring himself to protest. Out here, it was easy to forget the world. They were the world. "Don't tell Zack, but I had a strange dream last night."

A devastatingly handsome eyebrow rose. "What dream?"

"You know, now that I think about it, I'm not going to tell you either."

He eased up behind the golden-haired man and wrapped his arms around his waist. Cloud leaned back into his arms as if he didn't even have to think about it. As if they were the safest place he had ever known. "I can find a way to get it out of you." He paused and narrowed his eyes. "Well, I suppose it doesn't matter, so long as they don't involve little white-haired children."

"…What kind of dreams have
you
been having?" Cloud replied with an incredulous laugh.

"I don't have dreams."

"…You don't?"

Sephiroth looked down into that concerned face. "Why do I need to dream…when what I dreamt before is now my reality?"

His internal cringing at how that came out, how unnecessarily 'sappy' it was, was still somehow worth it at seeing how Cloud glowed. Maybe, just maybe…he could accept forgiveness.

-0-End-0-

(I think I really am done now. The sap is strong in this final chapter...)

>