


Power Rangers Harmony



Ch. 1 New Threat From The Past



Here's the sequal to Defender of Harmony. I thought maybe if I could bring ATWFAJ with MLP: FiM with how popular PR is getting, it would entertain a lot of people. I do not own MLP:FiM, ATWFAJ, or the kids you'll be meeting in the Land of OOO. The kids belong to Gorbash150. But I do own Xavier Frost, Crystal Star, and I also own the Element of Hope. So on with the story. Enjoy and review.


It's been six years since Xavier defeated Chrysalis and unlocked the Element of Hope. He is now enjoying his life with his family, friends, and little sister: Crystal Star. But he is unaware that a threat from another world will soon be re-entering Equestria. This journey will reveal the many secrets that were long forgotten.

In the the Crystal Empire, Cadence and Shining Armor were walking to their sixteen year old son, Xavier's room. Cadence knocked on the door and asked, "Xavier? Are you in there?" They heard Xavier's voice say, "Come on in." They opened the doorand walked in to see Xavier sitting at his desk, sewing up his arm.

Cadence sighed as the two walked up to him, Cadence taking the needle from Xavier with her magic, began helping him, and said, "Okay. Let's see how bad it is this time." She began working on the wound as Shining Armor asked, "What was it this time?" Xavier said, "Dragon. Prehistoric adult. It was attacking somewhere outside of Canterlot." Shining said, "Just because you've become the new defender doesn't mean you have to do everything by yourself. You can ask us for help." Xavier sighed and said, "I know that, but you guys have your jobs in the empire and you need rest more than I do."

Cadence then finished sewing his arm as he asked, "So what did you want to talk about?" Cadence said, "We have to head to Canterlot for a meeting and it'll last about three hours. So we were hoping you could go pick up your sister from school, and wait for us there until the meeting is over." Xavier smiled and nodded as he said, "Sure. It'll give me a chance to see Diamond again." Xavier and Diamond Tiara have been dating for the past six years.

Shining smiled and said, "Thanks bud. We're about to leave now so leave in about an hour." Xavier nodded and the two walked out, shutting the door behind them. Xavier turned to his staff and his Element of Hope medallian hanging above it. 'Thank Celestia all that stuff the changelings is over.' He decided to sleep for the next hour before going to get his sister.

Meanwhile with Chrysalis, she was heading to the cave where she had found the Element of Fear. She walked in and kept going through, using her horn to light the way. She came to where she found the element and saw a crack in the floor with a strange seal over it. The voice(you have to read Defender of Harmony's Epilogue to know where it came from) said, "Destroy this seal and you shall meet me face to face." Chrysalis charged her horn and blasted the seal, destroying it.

After she did this, the floor opened and a strange dark energy blasted out of it. Chrysalis managed to see two red, glowing eyes with green around them before she turned her head and closed her eyes as the blast became more intense. She then felt the blast fade before she turned back forward and gasped when she saw who was infront of her as she said, "You!"

There stood a stallion unicorn who was Chrysalis's height, had a black mane, wore a king's crown, had a red horn, and wore king's armor and cape. Chrysalis was shocked as she asked, "King Sombra?" He smirked as he said, "Yes Chrysalis. I was the one who led you to the Element of Fear. I gave it to you to see if you were worthy enough to join the two of us in taking over Equestria." Chrysalis smirked as she said, "I would be honored. Wait? The two of you?" Sombra walked around her toward the way to the exit as he said, "Yes. I have an ally coming to Equestria. I told him we would need another one with us to attack." Chrysalis watched as he walked away and began following him.

Meanwhile in the Land of OOO at the Candy Kingdom, Frey and Gerda were following the trail of fallen banana knights until they ran into Frey's twin sister, Sol. She asked, "What's going on?" Gerda said, "The Lich is back, but we don't know what he's after." Sol said, "Okay. But we have to find out where he's heading."

Then they heard an explosion and turned to see it came from the castle as Frey said, "Betcha' he's there." They began running to the castle until they reached it, only to find their parents on the ground, unconcious, and Prince Gumball sitting beside his mother. Frey ran to him and asked, "Where did he go PG?" Gumbal said, "He's heading to the basement." Frey turned to Gerda and Sol saying, "Help Gumball get our parents to the infirmary. I'll keep up with the dead man." Gerda said, "Be careful Frey." Frey nodded and began making his way to the basement.

In said area, Frey just ran in to see the Lich standing infront of a portal machine. "STOP RIGHT THERE, LICH!" The king of the undead turned to him and said, "You cannot stop me." Frey said, "I'll follow you anywhere to stop you." The Lich smirked as he said, "Even to another world. Very well." He jumped through the portal and before Frey could react the portal closed. He sighed and ran off to the infirmary.

In the infirmary, Frey, Gerda, Sol, and Gumball stood by their parents who were awake and in bed. Frey turned to his parents, Finn and Sunna(Flame Princess. Name is owned by Gorbash150) and said, "He got away guys. I'm sorry." Finn put his hand on his son's shoulder and said, "It's okay son. You tried." Gumball turned to his mother and asked, "Where do you think he's heading?" Bonnie said, "I can't be sure unless someone follows him." Simon(Ice King) began to sit up and said, "Then let's get going."

But Gerda put him back down and said, "Sorry dad. But you're too injuried to go. Frey, Sol, Gumball, and I will follow him." Betty said, "It's too dangerous for the four of you. Bring Goran and the others with you." Gerda turned to her mother and said, "We can't mom. With you guys injuried right now, they'll have to protect OOO while we're gone." Finn sighed as he said, "She's right. Besides, I think we can trust them."

He turned to Sunna and asked, "Right sweetheart?" Sunna smiled at her husband before saying, "Yeah. They can handle themselves." Bonnie sighed before turning to some near by guards and saying, "Get some supplies ready for them." The guards nodded and left the room as they were told.

Later, the four teens stood infront of the portal with their parents, Goran, Leonardo, Jake Jr, and Sing-ang. Frey turned to Goran and said, "Alright man. We're counting on you to defend OOO while we're gone." Goran nodded as Simon said, "Take care of my daughter Frey." Frey nodded before the four teens turned to face the portal as Frey asked, "Is it set to the same coordanites the Lich went to, Gumball?" Gumball nodded and the four ran into the open portal.

In Ponyville, Xavier had just landed and arrived at the school as the bell rang. He walked over and watched as many fillies and colts ran out of the school, until he spotted Crystal come out. She spotted Xavier and ran to him only to be lifted into the air as Xavier said, "Hey little sister. How was school today? Were you good?" They heard a voice say, "She was a perfect little angel." They turned and saw Cheerliee standing there, smiling. Xavier put Crystal down and said, "Hey Ms. Cheerliee. Still enjoy teaching little foals I see." She nodded and said, "Of course. I plan on teaching until I reach the age to where I can't." Xavier said, "Good to know. Hey, do you know if Diamond is at her dad's store today?" Cheerliee put her hoof to her chin before saying, "Yes. I believe she is." Xavier said, "Thanks Cheerliee. Take it easy. Come on sis." He began to walk away with Crystal following him as Cheerliee waved to them.

In the Everfree Forest, Chrysalis saw with Sombra doing nothing. Chrysalis turned to him and asked, "How long will this take?" Sombra said, "He shall be here any minute. Be patient." Chrysalis then asked, "What's so special about this friend of yours?" Sombra grinned as he said, "He was the ruler of Equestria long before even Discord was. Back then, Equestria was connected to another world. He was defeated by the original king and queen, Celestia and Luna's parents, sealed into the other world, and the connection was ended between the two worlds. But it's said in legend that someday he would return."

Suddenly, a portal opened infront of the two and the Lich came out. Chrysalis stood in shock while Sombra just smirked. The Lich looked at teh two and asked, "Which one of you contacted me?" Sombra stood and said, "I did, my fellow king. I am King Sombra, former ruler of the Crystal Empire." He then pointed at Chrysalis and said, "And this Queen Chrysalis, queen of the changelings." She bowed her head to him and said, "It is a supreme honor to meet you." Sombra said, "I contacted you to bring you back here and fulfill the prophecy of evil ruling Equestria." The Lich then said, "I shall do so. But first we're going to need an army. And I have only limited power right now to create one." Chrysalis stepped forward and said, "I've got the army covered." The Lich smirked as he said, "Very well then. Show me this army." The queen smiled and led them to her castle.

Back in Ponyville, Xavier and Crystal were walking to Filthy Rich's store, where they saw Diamond outside hanging a sign. Xavier looked at Crystal, put his finger to his lips, and Crystal nodded.

The two began walking toward Diamond. When they reached her, Xavier put his hands over her eyes and said, "Guess who." Diamond smiled, turned around, hugged, and kissed her boyfriend. She said, "Good to see you X. What brings you by?" Xavier pointed at Crystal and said, "Getting the squirt from school." Diamond patted Crystal on the head and asked, "How are you Princess Crystal?" Crystal smiled and said, "I'm doing okay. It's always good being in a quiet place like Ponyville."

Suddenly, Fluttershy ran into Xavier, knocking the two into the ground. Xavier stood up as Diamond helped Fluttershy up and Crystal asked, "What's wrong Fluttershy?" Fluttershy pointed in the direction she came from and said, "They're what's wrong!" The three turned in that and gasped at what they saw. Diamond asked, "Are those... changelings!"

Indeed it was the changelings, but they were different. They walked on their hindlegs, had hands, looked a lot stronger, and they wore armor. Xavier turned to Fluttershy and said, "Fluttershy! Get Diamond and Crystal to safety and try to get Aunt Twilight and the rest of the girls here. I'll keep these new changelings busy." Fluttershy nodded and took the mare and the filly away from the area while Xavier pulled out his staff. He ran toward them and began fighting. Unlike when he fought them six years ago, he was struggling a lot more with the changelings.

He then spotted two figures walking into site. He recognized one as Chrysalis, but the other he didn't recognize the unicorn beside her. Like the changelings, they were also walking on their hindlegs, wearing armor, and had hands.

Xavier was so distracted that one changeling hit him, knocking him to the ground infront of their feet. Sombra said, "Hello boy. You know Chrysalis and I am King Sombra. I used to rule the Crystal Empire before your parents took it. Now I have returned to not only take it back, but to also take all of Equestria."

"Not if I can help it." Xavier said as he threw a punch for Sombra's face, only to have his fist caught by Sombra. Sombra then kicked him away and Xvier said, "I don't know how you gave the changelings this new power. But I'll still stop you." Sombra laughed as Chrysalis said, "Sombra wasn't the one who gave us this power." Xavier stood up and asked, "Then who did?"

"I did." A voice said as a twister of green energy appeared infront of Chrysalis and Sombra. When the energy faded, there stood the Lich holding a staff. He said, "You must be Xavier. I am the Lich and I am here to take back the world I once ruled over."

Before Xavier could think twice, the Lich blasted him into a tree and walked infront of the fallen hedgehog. Fluttershy had just returned with the others only to see the Lich holding his staff above Xavier. Twilight yelled, "XAVIER!"

Suddenly, a portal opened between Xavier and the Lich. Sol then jumped out and hit the Lich with her Holy Sword. The Lich disappeared and reappeared beside Chrysalis and Sombra as Frey, Gerda, and Gumball jumped out of the portal.

The Lich turned to Chrysalis and said, "Have your Changelings keep them busy while we escape." Chrysalis nodded and said, "Changelings! Attack!" The creatures did as they were told and ran at the four teens from OOO. Frey watched while the three disappeared and said, "Let's bring these things down guys." The four charged toward the changelings while Xavier watched and asked, "Who are they?"

Gerda kicked one changeling into three others before flipping over one coming from her right. She landed infront of another and spin kicked it to the ground while saying, "Sit down!" She flipped her head back and charged at more.

Sol and Gumball were fighting against twenty together. Changelings from all around them ran toward them and Gumball said, "Give me your hands." Sol did as he said and they did a cyclone with Sol kicking down every charging changeling. They knocked down all twenty before stopping. They high-fived and Sol said, "Let's keep going."

Frey was holding his own against thirty changelings. He blocked one's punch, broke its arm, and threw it to the ground. He saw one close to hitting him, but the changeling was kicked away by Xavier. The two looked at each other and Frey said, "Thanks man." Xavier nodded and the two continued fighting.

After a few minutes, the five looked as the changeling lied on the ground, unoconsious. Then, out of nowhere, every unconsious changeling disappeared. The five looked around and to each other before shrugging.

Twilight and the others ran up to them and Crystal stopped infront of her brother as she said, "You were awesome Xavier." She then turned to the other four and said, "You guys were great too." Xavier turned to them and said, "She's right. That was some great fighting out there ummm... I'm sorry. I never got your names." Frey walked up, smiled, held out his hand, and said, "I'm frey. Nice to meet you." Xavier shook his hand as he continued, "And that's my girlfriend, Gerda. My twin sister, Sol. And our friend, Gumball." Xavier said, "Names Xavier. Xavier Frost." Xavier continued with introducing his friends and family.

After the introductions, Spike coughed up a letter as Twilight said, "A letter from Celestia." Rainbow flew to Spike and asked, "What's it say?" Spike opened the letter and began reading out loud, "Dear Twilight. We need you and the others, including Xavier, to come to the Tree of Harmony immediatly. Shining and Cadence will meet you at the stairs. Your mentor and fellow princess: Celestia." Twilight then said, "Alright. Spike? Send a letter to Flash telling him to watch over Ponyville while we're gone. Let's all head there." She turned to their four new friends and said, "All of us." The four nodded and began following the equestrians to the Everfree Forest.

At the changeling castle, the Lich said, "I should've expected those kids to follow me here." Sombra asked, "So now what? They easily defeated the changeling soldiers." The Lich said, "I do have another solution. I could create a powerful general to attack their town. The downside is my power will be depleated by half." Chrysalis said, "We've got nothing to lose. How do you do it?" Lich said, "First, I'll need something to change."

He spotted a mole digging out of the ground, smirked, and said, "Perfect." He shot a blast at the small creature. The mole began to screech and hiss before pulling its head back underground.

After a few seconds, the ground around the hole exploded and there stood a giant mole that was Sombra's new height, wore powerful armor around his upper and lower body that reached his knees, had deadly looking claws, and had a helmet with two bull horns.

He turned to the Lich and said, "I'm Killer Driller. What do you wish for me to desimate?" Sombra watched in admiration as he said, "Very impressive."

At the Tree of Harmony, Xavier had just finished introduction of his new friends to his parents as they all had just arrived at the bottom of the stairs. Gerda said, "This world is so peaceful and beautiful." Rarity walked beside her and said, "Indeed Gerda. It's been this way for most of its time."

They stopped where the princesses stood. Celestia turned to them and said, "I'm glad you came Twi-." She stopped as her and Luna became shocked when they saw the four teens from OOO. Luna asked, "Sister? Are they?" Celestia said, "It seems so, Luna." The two alicorns walked to them and said, "Forgive us. I am the Princess of the Night, Luna. And this is my older sister and Princess of the Day, Celestia."

After Frey, Sol, Gerda, and Gumball introduced themselves to the princesses, Twilight asked, "So what did you want to talk to us about." Celestia said, "The future showed us something new. It showed five figures. One resembling Xavier and the other four resembling our new friends."

Cadence asked, "What does it mean?" Celestia and Luna led to the front of the Tree of Harmony as Luna said, "You're about to hear a piece of history that dates back even further than the Crystal Empire, or Discord's rule." Everyone, except the four from OOO gasped as Celestia began, "Over 10,000 years ago, Equestria was ruled by a king who had the power of the undead. This ruler was more powerful than Chrysalis, Sombra, and even Discord. He tortured many and put many to death."

She looked at Frey and said, "You know him as the Lich." Then they gasped as Gerda asked, "Then how did he get to our world?" Luna said, "At one point of his rule, our parents, the original King Nightmoon and Queen Starglow gathered the Elements of Harmony, including hope, and gave them to warriors like you five." She pointed at Xavier, Frey, Gumball, Gerda, and Sol.

Celestia continued the history, "Together with our parents and the elements, they banished the Lich to another world... forever." Frey stepped forward and asked, "So what does that have to do with us?" Luna said, "It seems that with the Lich returning and forming an alliance with Sombra and Chrysalis, it is time to form a new team of heroes." She turned to Xavier and said, "And only your Element of Hope can unlock that power from the Tree of Harmony."

Xavier looked at his element before stepping forward and his medallian began to glow. It then shot a beam at the center of the tree. The branches with the elements: loyalty, generousity, kindness, laughter, and honesty began to glow. The five elements than shot beams at Sol, Gumball, Frey, Gerda, and Xavier.

The beam that hit Sol turned pink as the center of the tree showed everything Sol did back in OOO. Luna began, "Sol. You enjoy pulling pranks to not only bring laughter to yourself, but also to others. And next to your humor, you also have a determination to help others. You shall be the pink ranger and strike with the claws of a tiger." A braclet with the symbol of the Element of Laughter appeared on Sol's wrist.

Gumball's beam from Honesty turned blue as Celestia said, "Gumball. You have a strong thirst for knowledge, but you're always honest when making mistakes. You also show great courage when wanting to bring protection. You shall be the blue ranger and attack with courage of a wolf." Like Sol, a braclet appeared on Gumball's wrist.

From the Kindness beam to Gerda, it turned yellow. Celestia continued, "Gerda. You show great kindness when being a friend to those who have nothing. You also have great espionage when in combat. As the yellow ranger, you will have the stealth of a fox." The Element of Kindness then gave her a braclet.

With Frey, his beam became black from the Element of Generosity. Luna began again, "Frey. You show generosity to others by offering help to others and you show great power to overcome any evil that threatens the greater good. With the strength of a rhino, you shall be the black ranger." Frey also got a braclet.

And the Element of Loyalty shot a red beam at Xavier. Celestia said, "And Xavier. You have always shown great loyalty to the home you defend, along with the power to give others hope in any situation. You will be the red ranger and like the griffon, shall soar as the team's leader." And like everyone else, Xavier recieved a braclet with the loyalty symbol.

The elements stopped glowing as Celestia said, "Together you five shall defend peace, harmony, and hope as the Power Rangers Harmony." Xavier then asked, "But what about the Element of Magic?" Luna stepped forward and said, "It has not yet chosen a wielder. It must choose someone or somepony. We can't make it choose nor can we make the choice of you doing this. That is your choice to make." Xavier stepped forward and said, "This place is my home and I'll do anything to save it."

He turned back to his new teammates and said, "But I can't choose for you guys. So? Are you in?" Frey turned to his friends, who all nodded. Frey turned back to his friends, who all nodded. Frey turned back to Xavier, smiled, and said, "Count us in." Luna smiled and said, "Good to hear."

Suddenly, a guard flew down and said, "Princess! We have a situation!" Celestia walked to the guard and said, "Calm down soldier. What's wrong?" The guard took off his helmet and said, "A strange creature is attacking Ponyville." Celestia turned to the five rangers and said, "This is your first challange. Go and use your new powers to stop this monster." Luna said, "To activate your powers, you must press the symbols on your braclets while saying 'Equestrianize: Harmony.' Xavier nodded and turned to his new team and said, "Let's go guys." They all nodded and followed Xavier toward the path to Ponyville. Cadence watched as she said to herself, "Good luck Xavier."

In Ponyville, everypony ran for their lives as Killer Driller and a large group of changelings kept attacking everything. Killer put his hands together above his head, dove towards the ground, and began digging a under a building like a drill. He came up again and turned to watch the building crumble as he said, "Okay. What's next?"

"How about you?" A voice said. Killer turned around to see Xavier, Frey, Gumball, Gerda, and Sol run into view. Driller asked, "Who are you losers? Victims with a death wish?" Sol said, "Not even close pal." Gerda said, "We're the ones who are bringing you down." Xavier asked, "Ready guys?" They all held up their braclets. "Ready!" They all did a movement with their arms and said in union, "Equestrianize Harmony!"

Their bodies were covered in clouds of magic, each being the their assigned color. When the clouds faded, it revealed them in colored suits, each having the symbol of their element in their color. Then helments appeared on them and vizors covered their eyes.

They looked at their new looks and Sol said, "This. Is. AWESOME!" Driller then said, "It doesn't matter if you have a new look. I'll still crush you. Changelings! ATTACK!" Changelings ran forward from behind Driller and began charging at them. Xavier clenched his fist and said, "Let's get'em guys." They began running toward them and the fight started.

Sol was struggling without her holy sword. She kicked one away and said, "This is harder than I thought. I need a weapon." She then heard Celestia's voice say, "You do have a weapon Sol. Press your morpher and it will appear." Sol pressed her morpher as told and held out her hand. "Laughter Bow!" Sol said as a pink bow with tiger claws at the top and bottom of the handle appeared in her hand. She then saw three changelings running towards her. She pulled the string back as three arrows of energy appeared. She let the string go and launched the arrows at them, causing sparks to fly as they fell to the ground. Sol thumbed-up and she said, "Excellent!"

Gerda said, "Nice one Sol. Now it's my turn." She pressed her morpher before holding out her hans as two twin blasters with fox heads at the end appeared and she said, "Kindness Blasters!" She blasted changelings left and right before she threw them in the air, jumped over two changelings, grabbed the blasters in the air, and blasted from above. She landed and said, "Nice."

Gumball threw a changeling into some trash cans and said, "I'm up." He pressed his morpher before holding outhis hands as a cannon with a wolf head at the end appeared as he said, "Honesty Cannon!" Gumball held up his weapon and shot a blast that took down five changelings at once. Gumball smiled behind his helmet saying, "Prodigious."

Frey threw one into a tree and said, "I gotta get some of that." He pressed his morpher, held out his hand, and said, "Generosity Axe!" A double sided axe with blades that looked like rhino horns appeared in his hand and he charged toward some sword wielding changelings. He blocked their swords and slashed them across their chest armor, causing sparks to fly from them. Frey said, "Perfect."

Xavier kicked two changelings down a hill and said, "And last but not least." He pressed his morpher, held in hand in the air, and said, "Loyalty Saber!" A saber with a griffon head between the handle and blade appeared in his hand. He ran at changelings blasting at him with their horns, deflected their blasts, and slashed them when he reached them. He said, "And that's all she wrote."

With the changelings defeated, the rangers stood face to face with Killer Driller. Driller, "So you beat the changelings. I won't be beaten so easily." He charged at them with his claws out. Frey tried to hit him with his axe but Driller blocked it and slashed Frey with his claws. Sol, Gerda, and Gumball tried blasting him but he evaded their shots. "Gravel Blast!"Driller said as he shot a giant blast of gravel at the three. Xavier ran at him with his saber held infront of him. Xavier swung his saber only to have it blocked by Driller's claws. Driller then tried to get Xavir by the stomach, but Xavier dodged it, spun around, and slashed him. Driller fell to the ground while Frey, Gerda, Gumball, and Sol ran to Xavier's side.

As Driller got up, Xavier said, "Wings of the griffon. Harmony red!" Sol said, "Strike of the tiger. Harmony pink!" Frey said, "Horn of the rhino. Harmony black!" Gerda said, "Stealth of the fox. Harmony yellow!" Gumball said, "Howl of the wolf. Harmony blue!" And in union, they all said, "Defenders of Equestria. POWER RANGERS HARMONY!"

Driller said, "Defend this!" He at them, only for Frey to jump through the smoke. "Generosity Axe!" Frey said as he slashed Driller. Then when the smoke cleared, Sol, Gerda, and Gumball shot at him while saying the name of their weapons: "Kindness Blasters!", "Honesty Cannon!", "Laughter Bow!" He was pushed cack as Xavier jumped off Frey's shoulder toward Driller. "Loyalty Saber!" He said as he slashed Driller down the chest.

Driller landed on the ground as Xavier said, "Let's finish this guys." Sol's bow connected to the end of Gumball's cannon, Gerda put one of her blasters on each side of the cannon, Frey laid his axe to the bottom of the cannon, and finally, Xavier laid his saber on top of the cannon. Xavier stood behind it and the others stood on the sides while they said in union, "Harmony Striker!" Driller looked in fright and began saying, "Hold on. Can't we talk?" "QUINTOPLE ELEMENT STRIKE!" The rangers yelled in union as Xavier pulled the trigger.

A sphere of energy shot out of the cannon and struck Driller. Sparks flew from him as screamed before he fell and exploded. The rangers cheered as Sol said, "That was noble."

From the changeling castle, Chrysalis watched everything through her crystal ball before she looked at the Lich and said, "Your monster failed." The Lich turned to her and said, "He's not done yet." Sombra walked up and asked, "What do you mean?"

They watched in suprise as the Lich pulled a large sphere of his energy from his body. The sphere began to fly away from him towards the area where the rangers were as the Lich said, "Sphere of Power. Descend!" Chrysalis and Sombra watched in amazement as this occured.

In Ponyville, the orb appeared in the sky and struck Driller's remains with lightning. Then in a flash of light, a sky-scrapper tall Killer Driller appeared and said, "I feel big again." They watched in shock as Gerda asked, "How do we fight that?"

The rangers then heard Luna's voice say, "Rangers. You do have the power to fight. Call on your zords to help you." Xavier stepped forward and said, "You heard her guys. Let's do it guys." They pressed their morphers again and said in union, "Harmony Zords! Rise!"

Out of nowhere, the zords came from three different areas. The griffon came from the clouds. The wolf, tiger, and fox came from the forest. And finally, the rhino came from the mountain. The rangers watched in amazement as Sol said, "Their incredible." Gumball said, "No doubt. I wonder what power source they run on." Xavier said, "They run on our will, Gumball. Now let's hop inside and see what they can do." They all jumped and entered their own zord.

Driller turned to see the giant mechanical animals coming at him and said, "They're not so tough. Taste my Gravel Blast!" He shot at them, but the zords were able to dodge every shot.

When he stopped shooting, Gerda said, "Now it's our turn. Fox Tail Spin Attack!" The Foxzord's tail became a blade before it began spinning like a wheel and hit Driller. Frey then said, "And now. Horn Pulse Charge?" The rhino's horn began to glow as it charged toward Driller at fast speed before ramming him.

Sol and Gumball's zords ran at him as Sol asked, "You ready?" Gumball said, "Ready when you are." Their zords pounced toward Driller as they said in union, "Double Claw Attack!" They both slashed and damaged Driller at the same time.

After that, the Griffonzord dove at him from the sky as its wings began to glow. Xavier said, "And finally. Air Slash Attack!" The zord then passed Driller as the wing slashed him.

Driller still stood as Xavier said, "It's still not enough." Celestia's voice said, "Rangers. You must combine your powers. Though your zords are powerful alone, together they're unstoppable. Form the Harmony Megazord." Xavier said, "Of course. Let's do it guys."They all pressed a blue button in their cockpits and said in union, "Harmony Megazord formation."

After that, the Rhinozord's legs folded in to reveal wheels before it seperated at the center and unfolded to become the right foot, both knees, and waist. The Foxzord's tail and legs folded in as it become the left foot. The Griffonzord's back legs slid into its torso while it front legs folded around the back to where the talons were on the shoulders and the wings remained at the back, forming the torso. The Wolfzord and Tigerzord formed the arms by folding in their legs in and their tails folded to their backs. Finally, all the zords connected and a warrior's head came out of the torso. In union, the rangers said, "Harmony Megazord. Ready!"

The megazord walked toward Driller who said, "Let's rumble." He charged at the robot who hit him with a sucker punch to the chest. The megazord was about to strike again, but Driller countered with a kick to its chest. He then tried to throw a punch only to have the megazord block it and headbutt him in the chest, knocking him backwards.

Sol then said, "This would be easier if we had a weapon." Then something came up on Gumball's monitor and he said, "I think I've found one. The Harmony Megazord Saber. Let's bust it out." Xavier said, "You heard him guys. Harmony Megazord Saber!" A powerful knight sword appeared in the megazord's hand. The megazord then charged toward him and slashed Driller left and right.

When they were sure he was damaged enough, Xavier said, "Let's finish him guys." The megazord held the sword in both hands as they all said, "Burning Harmony Slash!" The sword began to glow and they shouted, "STRIKE!" The megazord slashed Driller down the chest. Sparks began to fly from him before he fell and exploded. The megazord stood proud as Xavier said, "Harmony Rangers. Peace is restored."

At the changeling castle, Chrysalis yelled as she said, "That monster failed us." She turned to the Lich and asked, "Is that all you can do?" The Lich smirked as he said, "Don't worry. There will be next time." Sombra threw a changeling out of his way and asked, "What do you mean?" The Lich said, "I'm saying this is just the beginning. They've won the battle, but the war... will be ours."

In Canterlot, the rangers walked into the throne room as Sol said, "That was awesome." Twilight and the others walked up to them as Flash said, "Good job out there guys." Celestia smiled as she said, "Yes. Well done rangers. You've won your first battle." Luna then said, "And we're sure you'll overcome any battle in the future." Xavier smiled and said, "I know we'll make the best team."

He then put his fist out infront of him and Frey, Gerda, Gumball, and Sol put their fists with his. They all smiled and said in union, "The defenders look up and never give up."


Here it is guys. The sequal to Defender Of Harmony. In the next chapter, Sombra and Chrysalis find out exactly how the Lich plans to regain power. Later the rangers face a monster with the power to absorb ponies by changeing them into energy. Will the rangers come out with victory? Stay tuned.


>