


Power Rangers Harmony



Ch. 6 Disaster at the Gala



I do not own MLP, Adventure Time, or the kids from the Land of OOO. The kids are owned by Gorbash150. I do own Xavier, Crystal, the element of hope, and the new character you'll be seeing in this chapter. Read, enjoy, and review.


Frey and Gerda walked through Ponyville Park, watching as fillies and colts played. Gerda said, "I love it Frey. And I'm glad we could be alone for a while. With all the things that have happened, we haven't been able to do much."

"You're right. But at least we have time now. That's all that matters."

Astro then flew up to them. "Hey guys. Mom wants you guys to come to the castle for a moment. Aunt Celestia sent a letter for you and the others to hear."

Gerda sighed. "Okay lead the way."

"Sorry Gerda. I'll make it up to you sometime. I promise."

"I know you will. But for now, let's get this over with."

The two then followed Astro.

At the castle, the rangers sat with Twilight, Spike, Astro, and Flash. Sol decided to speak up. "So what's the letter say Spike?"

The dragon opened the letter and began reading out loud. "Dear rangers. You are graciously invited to our big fall celebration, the Grand Galloping Gala. You have three days to prepare for this occasion and we're inviting you for helping keep Equestria safe. Your friend: Princess Celestia."

Gumball asked, "What's the Grand Galloping Gala?"

Twilight said, "It's one of Equestria's biggest celebrations. It's held in Canterlot and is pretty big."

Four tickets then appeared from the letter, one going to Frey, Gerda, Sol, and Gumball each.

Frey asked, "Wait? Where's Xavier's?

Flash answered, "Being a prince, Xavier is required to come to the Gala. So he doesn't need one."

Spike then said, "Ooops. Forgot a piece. 'P.S. Here are six more for Spike and your friends Twilight.'" Six more tickets then appeared with one going to Spike and the others going to Twilight.

"Now then. Let's get to Rarity's for our dresses and tuxedos."

The rangers nodded and followed Twilight out of the library.

Later at the boutique, Twilight and Xavier watched as Rarity took the measurements for Gumball, Gerda, Sol, and Frey. Sol turned to Twilight and asked, "Why isn't she doing this for you guys?"

Xavier said, "She has our measurements from past events."

Rarity stopped measuring and said, "I'm done. And if I start on them today, I can have them done by morning. So come by tomorrow and let me know what you think."

Gerda smiled and said, "Thanks Rarity. We really appreciate it."

"It's no trouble. You have to look your best for such an occasion."

Later at the train station, Xavier stood with his team. "I'll see you guys tomorrow. Get some rest and keep an eye out. Anything could happen."

Frey said, "Don't worry. Just be here to get your tux."

The red hedgehog nodded and boarded the train before it drove off.

At Changeling Castle, one of the soldiers ran to Chrysalis. "My queen? I believe I have found the best time for our next attack."

"And that would be?"

"The Grand Galloping Gala."

Sombra stood to his hooves. "Brilliant idea. With so many ponies there to cause panic, there will be much negative energy."

The Lich then said, "And I'll be able to remind them their former ruler has returned. But we'll need a powerful monster to take care of the rangers."

The next day, Xavier arrived in Ponyville to drop off Crystal at school. "After school, meet us at Rarity's for our clothes."

Crystal nodded. "No prob. Astro and I will remember."

The school bell rang and Crystal ran off to school.

Xavier walked off as he thought,
'I wonder what Diamond's doing. Maybe I'll pay her a visit.'


Unaware to the red ranger, something was going on in the Everfree Forest. Some timberwolves were feeding off a fresh kill when they were interrupted by a portal opening in the center of their group. Not knowing what it was, the pack scattered to seek cover in the forest.

Through the portal came a black cloaked figure landing to the ground. The stranger looked around.
'Six years and Equestria hasn't changed at all.'


He then heard a growling sound before turning to face a manticore twice his size. The beast glared at him and was about to attack when the stranger looked up at it with a red glaring eye. The beast let out a whimper before retreating to the forest.

The stranger then began walking as he let out a thud with every step.
'Now to find my target and achieve my revenge.'


In town, Xavier arrived at Filthy Rich's mansion and knocked on the door. Diamond answered with a smile. "Hey Xavier."

"Hey Diamond. I was wondering if you wanted to do something today."

"Sorry X. But I have something… important to work on right now. Maybe sometime later this week?"

Xavier looked confused but said, "Uh… sure. I'll see you around."

Diamond smiled and pecked his cheek. "Thanks Xavier. I'll see you later." She then shut the door.

Xavier walked off as he thought,
'Wonder what she's up to.'


He looked at his watch and said, "I've got time to kill. Might as well go see if Gumball and AJ need some help." He then started making his way to the orchard.

With Sol, she was helping Pinkie with preparing the bakery. Pinkie set a tray of unbaked cakes on the table and said, "Okay Sol."

Sol shot a small combust from her hand and instantly, the cakes were baked and ready.

Carrot walked in and said, "You're as good as Spike when it comes to baking Sol."

The red haired girl smiled and said, "Thanks Carrot."

Cupcake walked in and said, "That should be enough for now. Why don't you two take a break?"

Pinkie smiled and said, "Sure. Let's go have some fun Sol."

Sol nodded and threw her apron off before following the pink mare out. "How was the first Gala for you?"

Pinkie snorted and said, "It was awful. Everypony was so strict. There was no fun. But by the end of the night, we all had fun with Celestia and turned it into the best night ever."

At Sweet Apple Acres, Xavier had just entered the orchard to find Applejack and Gumball knocking apples out of trees. He walked over and said, "Hey guys. Mind if I help you out a bit?"

Applejack smiled and said, "Sure X. We could always use your help."

But right before they could start, an explosion was heard and seen from the center of town. Xavier turned to Gumball and said, "Looks like we'll have to start later. Let's go. We'll call the others on the way there."

Gumball nodded and followed the red hedgehog.

As the two ran off, the cloaked figure watched from a nearby tree and whispered, "Time to see what's changed around here." He then disappeared.

At the center of town, citizens were running as a dragon like creature with silver body armor, two machetes, and two curved horns on his head walked forward. He looked around and called out, "Come out rangers! It's time for you to face your destruction at the claws of Dragonscale!"

He put his two blades together at the handles into a staff as the blades began to burn. He then threw it at a building where, on impact, broke apart and fell to the ground. The monster chuckled as he said, "If you don't hurry, the whole town is done."

Suddenly, a gust of wind blew him away only for him to land on his feet. He looked up to see the rangers morphed and with their weapons ready. "It's about time you showed. I was starting to get bored."

Sol pointed one of her Cheetah Daggers at him and said, "You'll soon wish you had left. Because we're bringing you down." They all charged at the general and the battle began.

He blocked Sol's daggers with one of his blades before striking her with the other. He then ducked from a swing from Frey's axe before head budding him in the chest and kicking him away. After that, he grabbed Xavier's saber and used him to block the blasts from Gerda and Gumball's weapons.

"I thought you'd be more of a challenge." He threw Xavier into Gerda and Gumball. His chest began to glow as he put his blades together again before they ignited. Dragonscale looked to the five and said, "Try and stand this!"

He threw his weapon and it struck them each individually. Dragonscale caught his blades as Gerda, Frey, and Gumball fell and Xavier and Sol kneeled.

In a nearby tree, the unknown specter stood on a branch as he watched the fight.
'Hmmm. It doesn't look like he's gotten much stronger. I might have an easy time finishing him before moving on to my next target.'


Xavier turned to Sol and said, "Sol, I have an idea. I've noticed that every time his blades ignite, his chest glows in the center. If you can hit him there with your bow, it might take away his attack."

"Good thinking. But how are we going to get him to stay still long enough?"

"Leave it to me!"

The two stood up as Xavier pressed his morpher.
"Phoenix Staff!"


His sword was replaced with said weapon before he ran at the general. The monster shot fireballs at him but Xavier blocked them with his staff.

When he was close enough, Xavier used his staff to pole-vault over Dragonscale, landed behind him, and put his staff around his neck to hold him place. He looked to Sol and said, "Now Sol! Take your shot!"

Sol pressed her morpher and her bow replaced her daggers before she took aim with a burning arrow. "Don't worry scalebelly. My Scorching Laughter Arrow will only give you a little pinch." She fired the arrow and hit him in the center of the chest.

Xavier moved aside as the attack pushed Dragonscale to the ground. Sol and the others ran to Xavier's side as he said, "Let's finish this guys."

Sol's bow connected to the end of Gumball's cannon. Gerda's blasters attached to the sides of the cannon while Frey's axe attached to the bottom. Finally, Xavier stood behind the cannon and attached his sword on top. The others stood at the sides of the cannon. "Harmony Striker! QUINTUPLE ELEMENT STRIKE!" Xavier pulled the trigger and the attack headed toward Dragonscale.

Suddenly, the stranger jumped in front of Dragonscale before pulling out a spiked sword (kind of like Fury's from Dino Charge, but with more, smaller spikes that are parallel on the sides), and with one slash, destroyed the oncoming attack. He turned to the rangers with his red eye glowing bright as they watched in shock.

Gerda broke the silence, "Impossible."

Gumball said, "He destroyed the Quintuple Element Strike in one swing."

Xavier stepped forward and asked, "Who are? And what do you want?"

The stranger pointed his weapon at the team before he spoke, "Red ranger? You shall soon meet your destruction by my power. But for now, I must go." His sword disappeared before he turned to grab Dragonscale and caused the two to vanish.

The rangers stood there for a moment before their suits disappeared. Sol asked, "Who was that? And where did he come from?"

Frey looked to the town clock and said, "It's time to get to Rarity's. Let's see if the scroll can tell us anything."

The others nodded and everyone began heading to the boutique as Xavier thought,
'What's this guy's story? And what does it have to do with us?'


At Changeling Castle, Dragonscale was thrown to the floor in front of Chrysalis, Sombra, and the Lich. The three turned to see the stranger standing in the entrance. Sombra pulled out his trident as he asked, "Who are you? State your purpose!"

The stranger unbuckled his cloak and it fell to reveal his true look. He looked like cyborg anthro with a few consuls on his arms, a pair of techno-organic wings, a horn that was the shape of Sombra's. Half of his face was completely robotic while the other half had a mask covering it.

He bowed to the three and said, "I am Cyberling. I come from another world and am here to aid in conquering Equestria."

Chrysalis asked, "What could you possibly do to aid us?"

The cyborg smirked as he said, "I have the ability to make your monster ten thousand times more powerful."

A small computer opened on his left arm and he pushed a few keys before two slots on his shoulders opened and two mingier robots climbed out. "These two can give your monsters new robotic abilities and enhancements in their bodies while also leaving their free will and instincts. Mainly, they'll become cyborgs like me."

The Lich grinned as he said, "Impressive. Dragonscale! Step forward to be the first test subject!"

"Y-yes master." The general stood up as the robots jumped to his body. The bots began their work as Sombra asked, "How long will this take?"

"Since the drones aren't at full power, it will most likely take three days."

At the boutique, Xavier, Frey, and Gumball were telling Twilight, Shining, Flash, and Cadence what happened while Sol and Gerda were getting their dresses fitted. Frey said, "And that's what happened. So can the scroll tell us who the second general was?"

Shining opened the scroll and said, "For some reason, the scroll still says there was only one general out there."

Xavier asked, "How is that possible?"

Cadence said, "There are two possibilities. One is that the cloak he wore somehow blocked the scroll's power."

Gumball asked, "What's the other?"

Twilight said, "He's not one of the Lich's generals at all."

Frey said, "That's impossible. If he's not one of the Lich's generals, then what is he?"

Before anyone could answer, they heard Rarity say, "They're ready."

They all watched as the unicorn the unicorn walked out with the two girls following behind. Frey and Gumball were stunned by how they looked.

Gerda's dress was a sapphire blue strapless gown that reached to her ankles. She wore a gem studded necklace with a snowflake at the end. She also wore a pair of snow white earrings along with blue high heels.

Sol wore a fiery orange strap gown. She also had a ruby bracelet around her right wrist. And on her ears, she wore ruby earrings. Gerda asked, "So how do we look?"

Frey and Gumball stood there still stunned (Frey was only starring at Gerda), until Xavier waved his hands in front of them.

Frey said, "You guys look great."

Gerda said, "Aww. You're sweet Frey."

Rarity then said, "Now it's the boys' turns. Follow me please." The boys followed the unicorn into the changing room.

An hour later, the three boys walked out in their tuxedoes. Gerda said, "You look handsome Frey. I can tell this is gonna be one of the best nights ever."

Gumball said, "I'm hoping. Hopefully nothing ruins the Gala."


*Commercial Break*


Three days and two nights later, the rangers and the main ponies just arrived in their carriages at Canterlot Castle. A guard ran to each carriage and opened the doors. Frey helped Gerda out as Sol looked in awe. "Wow. There are a lot of ponies here."

Xavier said, "No doubt. Shall we all go in?"

His team nodded and followed him inside with their friends not far behind.

They all looked around before Frey turned to Gerda with his hand out. "Care to dance Gerda?"

"Of course Frey."

Xavier watched as the two made their way to the dancefloor before Sol spoke. "If anyone needs me, I'll be at the snack table." Gumball said, "I'm behind you Sol."

As he watched the two walk off, Xavier felt somepony tap his shoulder. "Excuse me Prince Xavier. Would you care to dance with a beautiful mare?"

"Sorry but I have a marefriend." Xavier said as he turned to face the mare only to be shocked.

"Really? What does she look like?" There stood Diamond Tiara in a beautiful dress. "Can I help you find her?"

"How'd you get here?"

"Princess Cadence sent me a ticket. The time you wanted to hang out was rejected because I wanted to surprise you with this dress. Now, would you reconsider that dance?"

The hedgehog smiled. "I'd love to." He took her hoof as Shining, Twilight, and Cadence watched him lead Diamond on to the dancefloor.

"They remind me of us at their age, huh Shining?"

"Yeah Cadence. They really do. And I can already tell they'll have a good future."

Twilight said, "I agree. Now let's get going. Celestia and Luna are waiting for us."

With Sol and Gumball, Sol was helping herself to some cupcakes while Gumball was enjoying some punch. Finishing her third one, the red haired girl said, "These cupcakes are to die for."

Gumball nodded. "The punch isn't half bad either. It's actually a little better than that of OOO."

Meanwhile, Xavier and Diamond stood on a balcony, looking to the night sky. "Look at it Xavier. The beautiful night sky."

"Yeah. I feel bad that I can't do this with you that much anymore."

The mare smiled. "It's okay. With being a defender and the red ranger, I understand how busy you are."

Diamond rested her head on his shoulder. "Besides we're here now. That's all that matters."

The hedgehog put his arm around her. "Yeah. You're right."

Back inside, Frey and Gerda were slow dancing with the blue girl saying, "This is how it should be. No monsters. No Changelings. Just us enjoying our time together."

"No doubt. Being with you is all I need to enjoy life right now."

With the mane six, they had just finished explaining to Celestia and Luna about the appearance of the new unknown attacker. Celestia asked, "And the scroll hasn't identified him?"

Flash said, "No. It also said there was only one general in the area. So we can say he wasn't one of the Lich's generals."

Luna said, "And that leads to new questions. Who or what is he, where did he come from, and what does he plan to do here in Equestria?"

Suddenly, an explosion was heard from the ballroom. They all ran in to see the rangers fighting off Changelings and Diamond helping the guards get ponies to safety.

Cadence said, "Let's help Diamond get the citizens to safety while the rangers keep the Changelings busy."

Gumball kicked a Changeling into the stage before using the stage to back flip over two more. He kicked them into the stage before landing on his back. He kipped himself up and ran to fight more Changelings.

Sol punched one away before catching another's punch. She then took it by the arm and slammed its head into a pie on the snack table. She flipped her hair back and said, "Trying being a little sweeter."

Frey and Gerda were fighting together. Frey punched one before he bent down to let Gerda flip off his back to kick another. Frey then jumped down to trip three to the ground.

Xavier was standing against five Changelings in the lobby. He grabbed the spear one swung at him to block another's. He kicked the first one away before punching the second one. He then used the spear he stole to slash the last three across the chest.

After all of the Changelings disappeared, the rangers regrouped in the lobby as Sol asked, "Was that it? We won?"

Gerda said, "No way. It's never that easy."

"You got that right!"

The rangers looked just in time to dodge some rockets. They looked in shock at what was there with Sol asking, "Is that Dragonscale?"

It was indeed the undead dragon general but his new look showed how much more dangerous he had become. He right leg was replaced with a robotic dragon leg. His left arm was replaced by a six shot rocket launcher and his sword became a double wrist blade on his right arm. His chest was covered with robotic chest plates. And finally, his forehead and left eye were robotic, his eye having a red glow.

The general advanced as he said, "It's me alright rangers. I've just been upgraded by my masters' new ally. Speaking of which."

Cyberling then appeared beside Dragonscale with Xavier recognizing him from the glow of his eye. "You!"

"Yes. I'm the one you met three days ago. I am Cyberling and I have come to destroy you and help rule Equestria."

"Not if we can help it! Ready guys?!"

"Ready!"

They pressed their morphers. "Equestrianize Harmony!"

Their bodies were covered in clouds of magic of their colors. The clouds soon disappeared to reveal them wearing their suits with their element symbol on their chests. Then helmets appeared and visors covered their eyes.

Xavier pressed his morpher. "Phoenix Staff!" His weapon appeared in his hand and the rangers ran at Cyberling and Dragonscale.

Cyberling turned to the general. "The red ranger is mine. You handle the other four."

"You got it."

Cyberling pulled out his sword and ran to meet Xavier in the middle while the others continued towards Dragonscale.

As they locked weapons, Xavier asked, "Why are you doing this?"

"Along with ruling Equestria, I am also here for revenge against you and one other." Cyberling unlocked their weapons to slash Xavier's chest and kick him away. Xavier slid back before regaining his stance.

"What do you mean revenge on me? I don't even know who you are."

Cyberling pointed his sword to the ranger as he continued, "You'll find out soon enough."

With the other rangers, Dragonscale blocked Sol's arrows before shooting her with rockets. He then deployed his blades to block Frey's axe. He pushed the blade away to swipe Frey across the chest. The general then spotted Gerda and Gumball preparing to fire.

"I don't think so." Dragonscale said as his he shot an energy beam from his robotic eye and struck the two down.

Sol and Frey ran to their friends as Gerda asked, "Sol? Didn't this guy have any weaknesses when you and Xavier hit him last time?"

"He had one spot on his chest, but with that reinforced plating on his chest, we can't reach it."

Frey said, "Then we'll just have to try and break through it with our attacks."

Meanwhile, Xavier and Cyberling were still fighting each other relentlessly. Cyberling blocked Xavier's staff before he pushed back and jabbed him with his sword. Xavier fell to the ground and dropped his staff. Cyberling aimed his blade at the fallen ranger. "Say goodbye Frost!"

Right as Cyberling lifted his sword, Xavier grabbed his nearby staff.
"Blaster Mode!"


His weapon changed form and Xavier shot Cyberling in the chest with a red beam. They cyborg dropped his sword as the beam pushed him back. Xavier then jumped to his feet and took aim with his weapon.

"
Pyro Phoenix Blast!"
The weapon charged at the end with red energy.
"Fire!"
He pulled the trigger and sent an orb of red energy at the cyborg and sent him to the ground.

Xavier watched as Cyberling stood. "Clever ranger. But don't get too confident." He then disappeared as Xavier leaned against a tree to catch his breath.

Meanwhile, Frey was thrown to the ground after another attempt to break Dragonscale's chest armor. Gerda and Sol helped him to his feet as Gumball said, "None of our attacks are working. What do we do?"

Gerda said, "Wait! Do you guys remember how we combined our attacks to defeat Arachnadillo? If Frey, Gumball, and I can combine our attacks to weaken his chest armor, Sol could probably finish him with her Cheetah Daggers."

"Good idea Gerda. Gumball, let's help her. Sol! Have your daggers ready." Sol nodded to her brother and they stood to their feet. Dragonscale walked toward them as Frey, Gumball, and Gerda prepared their weapons.

"You still haven't given up? I've seen all of your tricks."

"Not all of them.
Burning Generosity Slash!"


"
Freezing Kindness Blast!"


"
Honesty Wind Blast!"


Their attack combined into a single blast that hit Dragonscale in the chest and sent him to the ground. And to the rangers' relief, as he rose, he revealed his chest plates were damaged enough to reveal the gem on his chest. Frey turned to his sister. "Use your daggers now Sol!"

Sol summoned her daggers as she jumped over her friends and ran at the general as he looked at her.
"Cheetah Daggers!
It's time for you to get skinned Dragonscale!
Harmony Jungle Strike!"
She slashed his gem from both sides with her daggers. She stopped behind him as sparks shot from Dragonscale before he fell to the ground and exploded.

"Hey guys."

They turned to see Xavier walking over as Sol asked, "You okay X?"

"I'm fine. Cyberling is as tough as he looks though."

At Changeling Castle, Lick looked into the globe. "It's not over ranger. You're about to face a bigger threat.
Orb of power. Descend!"


A green orb flew from the castle to Dragonscale's ashes and in a flash, a giant Dragonscale appeared.

"Harmony zords! Rise!"

The rangers entered their zords. "Harmony Megazord Formation!"

The Rhinozord's legs folded in to reveal wheels before it separated at the center and unfolded to become the right foot, both knees, and waist. The Foxzord's tail and legs folded in to become the left foot. The Griffonzord's back legs slid into its torso while its front legs folded around the back to where the talons were on the shoulders and the wings remained at the back, forming the torso. The Wolfzord and Tigerzord formed the arms by folding in their legs and folding their tails to their backs. Finally, all of the zords connected and a warrior's head came out of the torso. "Harmony Megazord! Ready!"

The megazord faced Dragonscale. "Harmony Megazord Saber!"

The sword appeared in the megazord's hand before it ran toward the general. Dragonscale blocked the sword with his wrist blades before blasting the robot with his eye.

This caused the megazord to let the saber go and stumble back. "Looks like we'll need some more speed. Sol!"

"I'm on it! Cheetahzord! Rise!" Sol's daggers went out of the cockpit and were blasted by her morpher causing the Cheetahzord appeared. "Jungle Cheetah Megazord Formation!" The cheetah head came off of the zord and the body split into four parts. The two lower halves attached to the megazord's legs with the cheetah claws going to the feet. The two upper halves became shoulder pads with the claws becoming shoulder blasters. Finally, the megazord's head folded in and was replaced by the cheetah head. "Jungle Cheetah Megazord! Ready!"

"Let's get moving to make him lose track."

"You got it X. Cheetah speed!"

The megazord began running around in many patterns while Dragonscale just stood there chuckling. "Sorry rangers. You can't beat me that easily. My new robotic systems can help me track you no matter how fast you move."

The megazord turned to charge at the general only to be blasted by rockets. The megazord fell to the ground as the rangers tumbled inside.

"Now what? He's beaten everything we've thrown at him."

Xavier said, "Wait guys. I've got an idea. It's crazy, but our only chance."

Dragonscale lifted the megazord to its feet by its neck. "Any last words rangers?"

His eye began to charge with energy. "Times up!" He prepared to attack when…

"Now!"

The megazord began firing its shoulder blasters which destroyed Dragonscale's robotic eye. It pushed him back as he clutched his destroyed eye. "I'll get you for that!"

The megazord grabbed its saber and swung at Dragonscale, who lifted his launcher arm to block it. On contact, the robotic arm was cut off at the elbow. "Not my launcher too."

"And you're next scale belly. Cyclone Claw Attack!" The megazord flew into the air and began to do a screw kick motion. It launched at Dragonscale and destroyed him on contact. The megazord landed on its feet as Xavier said, "Harmony Rangers. Peace is restored."

Later that night, the rangers sat with the mane six, the princesses, and their friends at Joe's Donuts. Sol looked to Spike and asked, "So after every Gala, you guys would always end up here?"

"Pretty much. The Galas are always terrible so we would hang here afterwards."

Frey looked to Gerda and said, "Sorry this night didn't turn out as planned Gerda."

"It's okay Frey." The ice princess smiled, "Truth be told, this night turned out pretty good."

"I agree. What do you think Xavier?" Diamond looked to her boyfriend to see he was in deep thought. "Xavier? You okay?"

"Yeah I'm good. Just some stuff on the mind." Diamond just let it go as Xavier continued to think,
'Who was that Cyberling guy? And what did he mean by revenge against me?'


At Changeling Castle, Cyberling stood before the Lich, Chrysalis, and Sombra. The Lich looked to the kneeling cyborg. "Cyberling? Though your improvements didn't destroy the ranger, they could still be useful in the future. Therefore, you have earned your place in our alliance."

"I am honored my masters."

"Now leave us to discuss our next plan."

The cyborg left the chamber as he thought,
'I promise you Frost. I will have my revenge on you and… her if it's the last thing I do.'



Who is this Cyberling guy, where did he come from, what does he have against Xavier, and who else is he after. Stay tune.



Also for those who read Burning Desire, while the finale of season 2 has gone by, I still plan on doing my story as I had planned. If you don't like how it turns out, don't read it. If you don't mind how it turns, review any no harsh feedback
.

>