


A little preview of "Young Bloods"



He stood by a young, energetic redhead, watching her happily straightening out her blonde boyfriend's honorable sash. The young man with snowy white hair glanced around the grand ballroom with great amazement, his charming sapphire eyes were glued at the vast traditional decorations of the Norwegian culture that beautified the room.

With high ceilings where they met to cast a triangular shape to give the castle's exterior pointed roofs. The floor was spotless like a freshly coated sheet of ice on a frozen lake. The three friends couldn't contain their laughter while looking down at their goofy reflections.

"Well, don't you all look elegant and well-dressed for tonight," The three looked over their shoulders and spotted the young Queen in a classic polished gown in fine teal silk with white embroidered laces that were sewn to look like freshly fallen snowflakes.

"You sure about us? Well, don't you look beautiful. More beautifuller!" The redhead squealed delightfully.

The Queen chuckled. "Thank you Anna." The two sisters exchanged each other with jolly smiles.

"Seems like the party is so far pretty good. Your guests seem to be enjoying themselves." Kristoff commented while the four looked around the dance floor with awe.

From diplomats to locals, everyone came from different walks of life whom had strong bonds with the sisters' royal family. The townspeople were grateful for all what the sisters have done for the town. They couldn't be happier and pleased to see them again for years of being away from home.

Five years ago, they were forced to leave the kingdom in order to keep their citizens safe from harm. With the heavy amount of responsibility from the Queen and princess, the two had to flee to a city where their kind was welcomed and protected. Not a place for the elite and royals to be spoiled with top of the line security and luxury, but, the essence of not being shunned by society.

"C'mon Kristoff let's go dance!" Anna rushed over to her broad-shoulder boyfriend.

"Um, Anna maybe we shouldn't. You just ate two slices of chocolate cake." Kristoff advised her to relax for a moment.

"Don't be a party-pooper. C'mon!" Without her giving Kristoff a fighting chance, the squealing redhead dragged him away, looking ever so helpless calling out to his friends to save him from a night of endless dancing.

"Well, there they go," Jack shook his head, while chuckling happily. Elsa nodded. "So are you enjoying yourself?" The young man stood by her in a navy blue uniform with royal accessories: a traditional Norwegian sash, a few badges and pins decorated the left side of his chest, and a sheathed saber hung by his side. A presentable suit for a former Guardian to look regal for his beautiful Queen.

Elsa looked over and spotted the charming smile on her boyfriend's face. Who knew she'll find someone that wasn't worth to give up on? She certainly knew he never given up on her while the world was turned upside down. Besides fighting together to stop a psycho maniac of darkness from turning the world into a giant meat locker, they learned that their broken past brought them together to give each other another chance of a better future. Hopefully a happy one.

"Maybe we should join them" Elsa suggested with a cheery smile, her crystal blue eyes was gleaming with joy while Jack's was locked into her beautiful gaze.

Jack blushed. "Oh man really? I'm sorry love, but, I just ate. You see I can't dance right after eating."

Elsa rolled her eyes, her arms crossed while staring at him until he was broken by the young blonde's strong sense of intimidation.

"Gah fine." Jack grunted. "You win." He cast a scowling expression all over his pale skin face with his eyes narrowing down at his girlfriend while frowning like a very disappointed puppy.

Elsa couldn't help it, but, to walk over and pinch Jack's cheeks. Instead the caring blonde peak a soft kiss on his face, causing Jack's cheek to flash a streak of red. "Love you." She said in return.

"Oh! Anything for you, my majesty" Jack playfully acknowledged in an obnoxious British accent while bowing his head, one hand by his heart and the other extended up in the air. He looked up and found Elsa rolling her eyes again, the gesture just made him grin.

"Stop playing games with me Jack. C'mon!" Elsa was truly impatient to the point she quickly dragged him across the dance floor until the couple bumped into Anna and Kristoff.

Poor Kristoff wasn't always the dancing type. He mainly focused on hockey, reindeers, and ice harvesting. Since visiting his relatives in Norway, his cousins, who were actual rock trolls introduced him to the history of ice harvesting thanks to a friendly mountain man who owned a trading shack in the middle of the forest outside of town. But, when it came to dancing, the young man was more clumsy than his girlfriend.

"Anna, sweetheart, can you slow down for a second!"

"No way Kristoff. This isn't a slow song" Anna locked both of her hands into Kristoff's stumpy hands, while she slid to her left, then to her right. The young dancer was in sync with the local band that were playing traditional summer folk songs. The violins and woodwinds were singing. Heavy instruments, like the tuba and trumpets, were shouting with excitement. As for the guests, some were clapping while others were shouting, "hey!" to the jolly melody which echoed beyond the grand hall.

The two ice Spellcasters laughed over how adorable the two dancing couple were acting. They cheered at them while walking over.

"Ready?" Elsa asked Jack kindly.

"Nope." Jack grinned mischievously. Elsa shook her head, a smirk on her face to show how she was already used to Jack's mischievous playful side. He was once the Guardian of Fun after all.

Jack extended his hand for Elsa to grab hold. Her fingers intertwined perfectly with his. The young Guardian used his other hand to wrap around his love's waist, pulling her close until the space between was nothing by less than an inch. They could hear each others' hearts happily beating and their soft breaths whispering.

Elsa cast a loving smile and gazed up at her handsome sweetheart's warm sapphire eyes. She placed her empty hand on his shoulder and winked at him.

That's my cue, Jack told himself while he began guiding Elsa across the floor.

The two were well-known throughout the town. Aside from their gifted powers of ice and snow, they were a loving couple who projected unconditional love for one another. But, when it came to dancing, it was cute thing they could put down on their bio page as a couple. Anna once told them they had a Wiki page dedicated to them.

As the former Guardian and the young Queen glided across the floor, the band tried to keep up with their dancing, as if they were conducting them instead. When the music was speeding up and the melodies' pitches and frequency began to increase, a sudden ringing sound echoed across the hall.

The ring was somehow strong enough to slowly distract Jack from dancing. He assumed one of his ears was just ringing because of the endless hours of blasting loud music through his headphones. However, this wasn't any ordinary ringing. It felt like more whimsical, more like a chanting spell than a no lyrics song.

Suddenly the ringing was so loud inside Jack's head, he let go of Elsa's hand and pushed himself away from her.

"Jack!" Elsa saw him gradually in pain, both of his hands were covering his ears. He had his eyes closed shut, teeth clenching like he was truly being tortured by an unknown source of force. Everyone in the hall stopped whatever they were doing. Eyes were stuck staring at the troubled ex-Guardian. The band paused a moment from playing.

"Jack! Are you alright?" The Queen rushed over to his aid.

"No stay away!" Jack held up a hand to stop Elsa from coming any closer. He took a step back. His hands were pressed against the side of his skull, fighting the headache of high pitch noises ringing inside his head.

"Jack please let me help you," Elsa didn't give up on talking some sense into him.

"Please Elsa, stay back!" Jack shouted. The headache was unbearable for him to continue on standing. His knees gave in, causing him to kneel down on the floor.

"But Jack,"

"No stay back!" Jack roared in a furious tone. Not just any ordinary tone, more like his voice was taken over by a demonized spirit. It sounded menacing, causing everyone to slowly back away. Chills ran down their backs and sweat drops began to trail down the side of their faces.

Elsa stood in the middle of the floor, eyes locked at her boyfriend who hissing and struggling how the pain was just too much to take. With great determination, the courageous Queen walked towards him with caution. She took deep breaths while approaching with a clear mind.

Be strong, don't show any fear. Protect those in needed. She chanted one of her various mantras to keep herself and her powers under control. A technique she taught herself over the years of searching the right ways to accept who she was.

"Jack, dear. Please don't be afraid, I'm right here." Elsa called out for him in the most tender-loving tone she could release.

"Elsa!" Jack screamed. "Stay back!" The demonized voice over took the loving voice that Elsa grew to love.

Then Elsa's eyes widen when she noticed sheets of ice began to cover Jack's body. From his arms to feet, coats of frost and solid ice was taking over him. Jack was screaming pain as if his own powers were killing him inside. Spikes were formed on his back, large ones that made him look more of a monster than a human.

Jack's hands were transformed into the most horrific case of deadly sharp claws, sharp enough to slick a throat with one swipe. His feet and legs formed into the legs of a dragon, no scales, just deformed to the human eye. An unusual reptile looking tail magically appeared from behind, flailing, swinging in the air. Lastly, for the finishing touch, Jack's eyes no longer looked welcoming. His signature sapphire eyes faded into black. Intimidating until glowing streaks of red consumed the dark color to make his eyes look wickedly evil.

Without thinking of the safety of the guests and his loved ones, Jack released a mighty roar that caused the castle to shake furiously.

"Jack…" Elsa said in a tone that caused her to become speechless.

"Elsa get away from him!" Anna shouted from behind a wall of castle guards. Kristoff was right by her side, holding her back with his arms around her body.

"No, he won't hurt me," Elsa replied back. "Jack, please, I'm here. Everything is going to be okay." The Queen continued on giving reassuring words for him to calm down while slowly approaching to the spot of frost and ice spikes forming on the floor.

"I said, stay back!" The demon inside Jack's body was too much to contain and control. His new transformed body leaped into the air and dived towards the Queen. With his heavy monster hand held above his head, he attacked Elsa with one mighty sharp swipe.

"Elsa!" Jack screamed while jolting up from his bed. Drenched in sweat, the young man was heavily, gasping for air. He covered his face with both of his bare hands and wiped away the salty liquid.

"These nightmares are starting to get even worse by the night," He said to himself.

He looked at the corner of his eyes, an empty spot in his full-sized bed. Nearly made and untouched for at least a couple of weeks. Jack let out a yawn and slowly pushed his body back down his soft bed sheets. Before heading back to Dreamland, if he could find a place there, the young man glanced over to his night stand.

The moon cast a light through his downtown apartment's window, giving him a chance to see the young couple in a small picture frame that were holding hands, smiling straight at the camera.

"Can't wait to see you again..." Jack slowly closed his eyelids, drifting away back to sleep. "You're finally coming home." He lastly said before his tired self was dragged into a state of rest.



A/N: Hi again! Miss me? Some of you might be wondering if there will be a sequel to

"Love Alone Is Worth The Fight," and my answer is yes. However, it might not come out till late Spring or early Summer. I know I was suppose to post it last Winter, but, I was swamped with school and personal life. And little dump me jumped onto another writing project that somehow actual took more work than I assumed. I'm truly sorry if some of you were looking forward to the sequel. But, I'm not a writer who rushes, I like to put some effort and love to my writing.




I would like to personally thank those who stuck around and supported my previous work. And I would like to also welcome those who started reading my works and last story to see who I am. I hope you will enjoy this sequel because it would be a challenging, but, fun project to see how capable of me to write a sequel.



Furthermore, I would like to say thank you in advance for the upcoming support, comments, and messages.



*If you wanna follow me or ask me, find me on Tumblr: newwriter24



See you soon! Happy Reading!






A/N (7/4/16) - The sequel is finally uploaded! Go to my profile and check it out - Thanks in advance for all the support, totally appreciate!




>