


Two and a half years later..


If anyone had told Eir she'd fall in love an Avenger or be an Avenger once news broke out about said superheroes, she'd have laughed in their face.

But here she is at the age of twenty-six in love with Captain America, living under the roof of Iron Man, and best friends with the God of Thunder, a giant green rage machine, two master assassins, and a very scary yet sexy CEO of Stark Industries.

It took a while to get where she is now but Eir would never go back in time to make it any easier. She had some great memories at Avengers Tower, on the Helicarrier, and even at the Burrow which she eventually took Clint and Natasha to see. But of course, though, with the good came some bad.

Verbal arguments were mostly started with an innocent comment usually from Tony's mouth. And with that comment came what everyone was usually thinking but too nervous to voice in fear of Eir lashing out or regressing into herself.

There had been one solid month that the Avengers were occupied nearly twenty-four-seven with research, constant vigilance, and studying the newest villain of the year that once the threat was taken care of- the team was glad to finally relax and have a movie night. Surprisingly, the rom-com
Hitch
was elected to be viewed to get over all the fighting and explosions they lived through the previous days.

All had been quite dandy until it came to the part where Hitch's love interest found out he was the
love doctor,
hooking men up with women by 'manipulating' them. Of course, nothing was as it seemed to be portrayed in the movie and the happy ending came after loads of arguments and fights and people realizing that fact checking should happen before confronting anyone.

Even after the film was done and over with, Tony kept discussing it. He brought up the topic of secret keeping and then it just snow balled from there to the fact that they had still yet to know exactly what happened in Eir's past. Eir tried arguing that they knew- she told them what happened- but Tony argued it wasn't the same as viewing it like Fury and Hill had.

Pepper told him to drop it and Eir told him she wasn't ready for them to witness it. That then led to the sarcastic comment of,
"When will you be ready? When we're old and wrinkly and you figure you have nothing left to lose because we're too old to pick new friends?",
and Eir finally had enough by asking if they all felt that way.

Bruce nodded along with his so called Science-Bro, Clint shrugged sheepishly, Natasha remained neutral though Eir easily picked up on the assassin's curiosity, Thor refused to make eye contact, and Steve wouldn't give a definite answer. Eir's bottom lip had trembled as she managed to hold back the tears, apparating out of the room only to reappear seconds later with the pensieve and memories. She let it levitate in the middle of the room and angrily poured her memories in while taking a seat furthest away from everyone while letting them choose what they wanted to do.

Not so surprisingly, everyone went in with Steve going in last but not before murmuring his apology from across the pensieve. The second he disappeared, Eir let her head fall into the palms of her hands as she silently cried. She knew what they would see- little Eir being happy as she learned to control her magic. They'd watch as she grow and enter Hogwarts, young Eir struggling between right and wrong, and then after her Fourth Year memories, they'd see as any and all happiness left her.

They'd see the rise of Voldemort as well as more of her struggles, and then they'd witness the violation of her body during her deatheater initiation as well as the violation of her mind. The horrors of Voldemort's short reign would be theirs to witness and if there was one thing she didn't regret them seeing, it was the day of the Battle of Hogwarts where she finally chose her side and help kill or incapacitate other deatheaters.

The last things they would see would be glimpses of her trial as well as Draco's and the way he, too, started to turn his life around. When they were finally spit out, Eir gulped at their reactions.

Pepper had tears streaming down her cheeks, Natasha had eyes filled with tears though she refused to let them fall, and Bruce was so angry with what he saw his friend go through that he had to excuse himself to the Hulk's playroom when he started to get a green tint to his skin. Steve, Tony, and Thor all had a look of pity and heartbreak that the moment each of them took a step toward her, she immediately excused herself from the room without letting any of them comfort her.

It was only Clint who didn't look at her differently and Eir only guessed why two days later after she refused to speak to anyone other than JARVIS and Mousy.

Two days after the memory fiasco and Eir getting numerous of apologies from the team via JARVIS for pushing her hand, Clint fell through an air vent into Eir's personal room that she had when she needed time away from everyone but didn't feel like going to her apartment blocks away.

When Eir didn't hex him, he took that as a good sign and plopped down on the opposite end of her sofa to watch whatever mind numbing sitcom she had the TV on. They sat there for hours in silence until Clint finally opened up about Loki controlling his mind all those years ago. He told her he committed acts that it took a while for him to forgive himself for and that he knew exactly what it was like to have the team walk on eggshells around you, and look at you differently.

When Eir finally cracked and crawled over to him to snuggle underneath his arm as she cried a few tears, Clint apologized in person for viewing her memories when she wasn't ready. After that was settled, Clint gave Eir a tour of the air vents and eventually led her back onto the communal floor where Eir forgave everyone and things went back to normal.

Well, somewhat normal. The team seemed to have gotten even more protective of Eir including Steve who was constantly cuddling Eir in their free time.


.:HP/AVNGRS:.


The Avengers trudge into Tony's loft having flown on to the balcony from the roof- bloodied and exhausted. The newest bought of villains- who were scientists gone mad that had been exposed to gamma radiation in an underground black market- had really given them a run for their money.

Unfortunately for S.H.I.E.L.D and their agents, the scientists didn't die from the exposure and instead were granted inhumane strength and surprising fighting capabilities. When S.H.I.E.L.D had caught wind of them, they were ready to scoop up the new threats only to find out they didn't want to be scooped up and instead chose to fight. But with their strength and skills, they couldn't be allowed to stay in public or underground for fear of banning together and starting an uprising.

And since these villains of the month were muggles, Eir wasn't allowed to freely use her wandless and nonverbal magic because of the Statute of Secrecy. Instead, she had to wear her bracelets- which Tony made for her eventually- that once activated would call upon her arm guards that pretty much looked like Iron Man's arms. Tony had made them specifically for Eir, the Iron Man 'gloves' fitting up to her elbow in silver and blue, and would appear as if she were using repulsors to fight off her foes when in actuality, it was Eir's magic coming through the repulsors and not any type of energy that Tony used.

Taking a seat on one of the bar stools while Tony immediately started pouring drinks, Eir slips off her bracelets and lays them out atop the bar. Her S.H.I.E.L.D catsuit- very much the same to Natasha's- was a mess and she'd either need a new one or she'd have to magically fix the cuts in the fabric and charm away the blood and grime.

Since Hulk and Thor were pretty much a force to be reckoned with, the Avengers thought the mad scientists would be an easy feat but were caught off guard with just how much strength the scientists had, and how great of a beating they could endure. Hulk and Thor were occupied the entire time, and Eir was busy fighting off a scientist of her own while using the tripping jinx to give her teammates some time when they looked as if they were being over powered.

One particular incident with Steve being kicked with a great amount of power caused Eir to be distracted enough for a scientists to backhand her nearly unconscious. Just because Eir was trained in magic didn't mean to she was trained to take on more than five villains at one time, and at one point or another, she felt the shallow intrusion of a blade to her right shoulder. The wound was shallow and didn't bleed much, and all in all, the Avengers came out on top with the scientists beaten to a bloody pulp and magicked unconscious until Fury wanted them awake to administer a cure.

Everyone came out with cuts, scrapes, and blossoming bruises but it was still a victory.

"Give me firewhiskey, will you?"

Given how exhausted they were, Tony doesn't bother to mock Eir for her choice of drink and readily slides her a shot glass of what she requested. Harlow swoops down from somewhere, landing on the bar in front of Tony and nipping his fingers in greeting. Eir takes a moment to look for Casper before she remembers they're on Tony's floor and Casper wasn't allowed up here.

Steve and Natasha take the bar stools on either side of Eir, both leaning forward and cushioning their head on folded arms while Clint, Thor, and Bruce went to sully Tony's expensive couch with their battle grime. Eir quickly throws her shot back, grimacing at the too warm taste and slams her shot glass down, motioning for another one. Tony cocks an eyebrow at her and shrugs before complying. Filling up two more shot glasses after Eir's, he slides them to Steve and Nat.

"Drink up, friends. We won! Be merry, get drunk, and go have victory sex."

Eir had threw her second shot back just as Tony said this, choking on her drink and causing Steve to immediately sit up and slap her on the back. Natasha only snorts in amusement, sitting up slowly before she too downed her drink.

"Classy, Stark, really classy," Eir deadpans before scowling at him.

Tony winks in response, sipping at his own scotch when a distinct
pop!
sounds behind Eir. By now, she's accustomed to Mousy taking care of Bruce first before anyone else. No-one knows how it started but all they know is that one day when Bruce hulked out after Tony and Clint got too annoying in his sanctuary, the only way Hulk calmed down was when Mousy apparated in and sat on the Hulk's shoulder while talking about anything and everything. To this day, Tony uses the picture of the giant green rage machine sitting in the middle of the labs with a tiny house elf perched atop his shoulder.

And when Eir peers over her shoulder, sure enough Mousy is tending to Bruce first and making sure he drinks his energy replenishment since there are no wounds on him. Clint gets passed his own vials of energy replenishment and a potion to knit together any wounds while Thor declines his because he wears his wounds with pride.

Eir, Natasha, and Tony are quick to drink down their potions when Mousy finally makes her way over to them; Steve only drinking his so he can bounce back faster than usual. Once Mousy is sure no-one in her family is going to drop dead, she disappears with the empty vials to do whatever it is Mousy does.

There's a moment of silence that Eir's the first break. "Well, today's been exciting. I'm going to go shower, get this mask off," she pokes at the latex paint across her eyes and cheek bones that holds up surprisingly well in battle, "-and then sleep for a couple days."

Steve shoots Tony a panicked look- a look that no-one other than Tony sees- and Tony is quick to save the day. "What? No," he shakes his head. "Pepper's bringing in Thai and a chick flick so you have to come back down after your shower."

Frowning, Eir rolls her eyes. "Pepper won't get mad if I miss one movie night."

Steve's eyes widen again but Tony remains cool. "Fifty bucks says she does."

"Fifty says she doesn't."

Tony looks triumphant for a split second before he has JARVIS calling Pepper, the phone call being put on speaker for all to hear. After a few rings, she finally answers.
"What do you want? I picking up the food."


"Eir's trying to hide out in her room. She doesn't want to see the movie."

"
What?! No,"
Pepper shrieks.
"Tony, you better-"


"JARVIS, end call." JARVIS does as he's told, Tony smirking at Eir. "Told you."

"Bugger off, you prat." Tony and Natasha chuckle at Eir's annoyance, watching as the witch climbs to her feet and starts to walk towards the elevator. "I'll see you lot on the floor after I've showered."

There are mumbled and grumbled words of agreement, Steve watching as Eir climbs into the elevator to take her to their floor. As the doors close, Steve's turns yet another panicked look to Tony. "You think she knows? She knows, doesn't she?!"

"Calm down, Cap," Tony grins at him. "She doesn't have a clue." Natasha agrees with Tony and it takes a few seconds for Steve to slump back down in his seat. "Now," Tony claps his hands together in glee. "Are you sure you want to do this?"

Clint, Bruce, and Thor's attention have been caught now- each Avenger peering over at their captain and awaiting his answer. "More than ever," Steve finally manages to say.

"Then good. Go convince Eir to rinse off in the shower and then convince her to take an hour long bath or something," Tony shrugs. "Whatever you do, don't get in with her. We need you back on the floor to help."

"Right," Steve nods and then stands. Tony quickly slides Steve another shot- a shot of liquid courage which is just more firewhiskey- and after drinking it down, Steve seems a bit more motivated. After smiling at Tony and Natasha, Steve turns and marches over to the elevator. Once situated inside, he manages to make eye contact with Clint who's grinning at him. "Don't forget to open the floo!"

..

..

Eir's standing just outside of the glass shower stall, it's door wide open as the steam from the hot water starts to fill the room. Her hair is hanging limply around her face, blood and dirt clumping strands together as she shimmies out of her S.H.I.E.L.D catsuit. She doesn't exactly remember what convinced her to finally cave in to the Black Widow to try one of S.H.I.E.L.D's uniforms- and even though it's a lot more constricting- it's a hell of a lot more comfier than dragon-hide. That plus a couple of protection charms and she was just as protected as before- if not more.

Once completely naked, Eir gives herself a once over to make sure the many cuts and bruises have healed up. And once she realizes that they have, she's eagerly stepping into the hot spray of water.

The water stings but is pleasing nonetheless and Eir takes a moment to let the water drench her. After giving it a few minutes, Eir finally manages to peel off her mask and drop it in the corner of the shower stall to remove later. Moving about, she gathers her shampoo and conditioner to get the grime from her hair out.

She's in the middle of washing out the conditioner when the bathroom door swings open and she cracks open an eye only to find Steve shuffling in. "Hey, love, come to join?"

Steve observes Eir showering, no hint of a blush in sight and Eir internally grins at how comfortable she's gotten him to be with her body. After a moment of ogling, Steve shakes his head clear. "No," he clears his throat. "I actually need to hurry and shower. Fury's waiting on some last minute paperwork.

With one last look, Steve finally moves further into the bathroom and towards the bathtub. He sets out a few oils and bath salts, turning on the hot water and adjusting it to how he knows Eir likes. "So you're going to take your time in a bath," she quirks an eyebrow behind his back before moving on to lather up her body scrubber and scrubs away the day's battle.

"Nope," he grins to where she can't see. "We're going to trade. You in here and I'll shower real quick so I can leave."

"But-"

"Nope. No buts," he tells her. "Hurry and rinse off and get your cute little butt over here."

Eir pouts before doing as she's told. Steve is adding a mixture of oils into the water when Eir comes up behind him, her arms wrapping around his waist. "You sure you don't want to join me? Fury can wait."

He shakes with silent laughter before turning in Eir's arms and leaning down to peck her on the lips. "Sorry but I really need to go." He pecks her lips again, smiling into the kiss as Eir whines deep in the back of her throat. "But don't worry. Take your time to soak in here and I'll be back before Pepper starts the movie."

"You're a horrible boyfriend," Eir playfully whines before slipping into her bath. Steve watches as she scours the side of the tub for a tie and quickly ties her hair up to keep it away from the water. "Normal boyfriends would gladly take advantage of their girlfriends in a hot bath."

"Well we're not exactly normal, are we,
Ghost
?" Eir grins at the use of her code name- the name Tony had given her after Clint got him hooked on Game of Thrones and he had a slight obsession with Direwolves.

"Touche," she shrugs before slipping further into the water. "Now hurry up and strip so I can at least ogle my boyfriend before he leaves for yet more work."

Steve rolls his eyes all in good humor before stripping and stepping into the steaming shower but, of course, his stripping of the suit didn't happen without cat calling from Eir.

He makes quick work of his shower, scrubbing clean and stepping out only to find a pile of clean clothes sitting on the counter that Eir summoned when he was busy. Before Eir knows it, Steve's covered in clean clothing and making his way to the tub, kissing Eir on the forehead before turning to leave.

"Don't drown," he calls out over his shoulder before shutting the door. Eir huffs a laugh and sinks even further, low enough so the water's at her chin.

..

..

At the thirty minute mark of soaking in the tub, Eir wonders why no-one's barged in or used JARVIS to hurry her along. And at the forty-five minute mark, Eir is rather suspicious of the quiet and starts wondering just what her friends are up to. Standing up, she quickly
accio's
herself a towel and wraps it around her body before climbing out of the tub.

Her and Steve's bedroom is a mixture of blues and blacks, the both of them compromising that Eir chooses the colors and Steve chooses the furniture. Steve had figured Eir wanted all modern furniture and stainless steel type of gadgets in their room but he was pleasantly surprised that Eir agreed to all the wooden furniture and low-key appliances. The only piece of furniture that stuck out in the room was Casper's bed and jungle gym but the lazy bag of bones always curled himself in the middle of their bed. Which is where he's currently at right now, eyes following Eir as she moves about, his tail flickering back and forth.

With her friend's whereabouts on her mind, Eir quickly changes into the appropriate under garments before slipping on a pair of blue checkered pajama bottoms and a gray cotton v-neck tee. Ever since Eir got a lock down on her wandless and nonverbal magic, she hasn't had much use of her wand so she leaves that tucked neatly in her bedside drawer where it stays unless she feels an itch under her skin where her magic wants to connect with it once more.

With her dirty towel tossed into a hamper, Eir makes her way through her living space and towards the elevator that'll take her to the communal floor where everyone's supposed to be.

"JARVIS, where is everyone?"

The A.I who's usually quick to respond is silent. Seconds tick by and just as Eir's starting to panic, JARVIS finally speaks up.
"I've been told to withhold that information, Ms. Banning, but to assure you that everything's fine."


"Okay," she drawls.

Brows furrowed in confusion, Eir frowns as the doors open to her destination and the room is dimly lit. Lights are flickering against the walls in the small hallway and when she looks down, she finds the source of light. Tiny balls of light are dancing together in mason jars, said jars forming an aisle that lead further onto the floor.

"Steve," she calls out. "Nat? Anyone?"

Stepping further into the room after getting no answer, Eir lets the elevator doors close behind her and follows the aisle. What she finds is the entire communal floor void of any furniture, magical-lit mason jars now spread out sporadically and casting a hypnotizing glow to the room with Steve standing directly in the middle.

He stands there in all his clean-shaven glory, hair spiked up, and a dark blue blazer left open and hanging off his shoulders. A white tee sits underneath said blazer and dark washed jeans hang low on his hips. "Steve," Eir gulps, hands shaking at the romantic scene in front of her. "What's going on?"

Steve smiles at her, hands brushing along his pant legs in a nervous manner as he holds out a hand before him. "Come here," he laughs.

Eir stumbles forward on shaky legs, heart pounding dramatically against her rib cage as she swallows around the sudden lump in her throat. "Steve?"

"Eir Banning," he announces oddly loud for the scene they're in. He has both Eir's hands clasped in each of his own now, and he's beaming down at her. "Ever since that fateful day I knocked all your groceries from your hands, I knew I just had to get to know you." The lump in Eir's throat gets even bigger, her heart pounding even faster now that she has a hint as to where this is going. She's seen enough rom-coms to know. "I was terrified the more we got to know each other and even more terrified when I couldn't fight my attraction to you.

But you- you turned my world upside down when you turned out to be a witch." Eir gives a watery chuckle, her eyes slowly being filled with tears. "I didn't have to worry about you not being able to look out for yourself nor did I have to worry about you being a target because of me. You're something else, Eir Banning, and not a day goes by that I don't think about just how lucky we are. How lucky
I
am." Eir swears she hears a sniffle or two but she pushes that to the back of her mind. "And to quote one of your favorite songs," Steve starts to chuckle before clearing his throat. "
You felt the weight of the world fall off your shoulder. And to your favorite song we sang along to the start of forever. And after all this time, I'm still into you.
"

Eir actually guffaws, her smile so wide and happy tears blurring her vision that she misses Steve fumbling with something in his jean pocket and kneeling down on one knee. It's only when she feels him tighten his grip on her one hand that she finally looks down and even though she figured that this is where his speech was leading up to, it's a shock to her.

"Steve," she breathes in shocked awe.

"I love you, Eir Banning, and I don't plan on ever having a change of heart." He's staring up at her, hope and joy in his eyes though the tightness around his mouth let's Eir know that he's nervous. "Will you marry me?"

Eir's full on bawling, smile so wide and head bobbing up and down in her answer. Steve laughs in relief, slipping the cool studded band of a three stone diamond engagement ring onto it's appropriate finger. Eir does a giddy dance in place as Steve takes his stand, quickly throwing her arms around her fiance's neck and closing the gap between their mouths. Instantaneously, cheers erupt from one place in particular and Eir releases Steve in shock to look around. She barely catches a shimmer of movement before
invisibility
charms fall away and every single one of their friends are present- including Mr. and Mrs. Weasley.

Hermione, Ginny, and Fleur are quick to throw themselves at Eir in excitement; Fleur and Ginny immediately going for Eir's ring finger and lifting her hand to look at the jewelry.

"Congratulations," Hermione practically screams. Her smile is from ear to ear as her two sister-in-laws coo over Eir's diamond.

"It
ez
beautiful!" Fleur gushes next.

"Simple yet classy," Ginny laughs. "Just like you, Ms. Banning. Or shall I say
future
Mrs. Rogers?"

"Girls.. girls," Molly admonishes from behind. "Leave Eir alone." Ginny and Hermione crack up as Molly swats them on the shoulders, pushing her way so she can envelop Eir in a hug. "Eir, sweetheart, congratulations!"

"Thank you, Mrs. Weasley," Eir says as she hugs her tightly.

"Ladies.. ladies," George claps aloud and gaining everyone's attention. "Hug and pass. Hug and pass," he tuts at them. "You lot are not the only ones wishing to congratulate the bride-to-be."

Molly glares at her son only to hug Eir tightly once more before letting others get their congratulations in. The boys come up next, George being the first to hug and congratulate her before passing her on to Harry. Mr. Weasley is next in the congratulating followed by Bill, Charlie, Ron, and Percy. Andromeda is there as well, standing near the back with Teddy and Victoire, and Eir accepts the hugs and well wishes from the elder witch and little ones.

After the witches and wizards, Natasha finally takes her chance to give her well wishes with the soon to be bride. She gets passed to Pepper and then Clint, Thor, Tony, and Bruce.

There's a lot of well wishes, congratulations, and innuendos from Tony and Clint about not being able to wear white because like hell she's a blushing virgin bride.

"Okay, okay, calm down," Tony wolf whistles over everyone. "We have some business to attend to and said business is Eir's first and only bridal gift."

"Only one, Tony," Eir pouts at him. "You really are losing your touch with that old age."

"Shut it or you won't get to see them!"

Eir laughs but when Tony's words take a moment to finally click in, her smile slowly falls and it's Tony's turn to smirk. "Them?"

"Did you really think we'd miss one of the greatest moments of your life?" Eir's eyes widen at the familiar voice coming from behind her, everyone standing in front of her chuckling at her reaction. "Really, Eir
,
it's like you don't know me at all."

Eir whirls around, eyes wide and lips stretched into the most radiant smile. "Dray! 'Cissa!" She launches herself at the two purebloods, arms wrapping around each of their necks in a three-way hug. "What.. how?!"

"Bloody house arrest ended a couple weeks ago," Draco smirks. "Stark got in contact with us to see if we would be able to drop in a for a visit for something
big.
You're lucky my punishment had ended ended before Rogers got down on one knee."

"I'm so glad you could make it," she tells him before turning to Narcissa. "And how have you been? Writing letters just isn't the same as face to face."

Finally letting go of Eir, Narcissa takes a step back to straighten out her dress. "I've been good, darling, and recently just got better."

Cocking an eyebrow, Eir grins. "Better?"

"Mhm," Lady Malfoy smiles. "You're now looking at the two newest citizens of the United States."

Eir's jaw drops and the Avengers are back to chuckling. The Weasley's, Hermione, and Harry might put up with the Malfoy's but they're not exactly on buddy-buddy terms. "Y-you're moving here?"

"Well not here- here," Draco scoffs. "That bloke with the eye patch found us a place to live." And cue snickering from Clint and Tony.

"Fury?"

"I guess," Draco shrugs. "Since our funds have dwindled significantly after the war, we needed a way to bring back in funds. We're outcasts in the Wizarding Community," Draco scowls. "We wouldn't find work there so Tony figured that Fury bloke would do good with someone who had knowledge in dark magic and could help identify it when you're off on your missions."

"Wait, wait, wait," Eir shakes her head with a laugh. "You work for S.H.I.E.L.D?!" Without waiting for an answer, she rounds on Tony. "And you put aside your dislike for Fury just enough to find him new consultants?"

Tony's usual cool demeanor falters but is back in place just as quick. "Eh, they're not so bad once you get to know them." Somewhere in the back, someone snorts followed by a quick
slap!
Peering over her shoulder, Eir finds Ron scowling at Hermione as he rubs the back of his head and Harry snickered into Ginny's hair. "Plus," Tony drawls. "I figured you'd like at least some other witch and wizard with you in New York. It felt wrong to try and separate the Weasley clan so Draco and his Mother it was."

"I.. I don't know what to say," Eir breathes in awe. "Thank you."

"Don't mention it," Tony tells her.

Steve finally comes back to Eir's side, laying an arm around her shoulder as Eir mindlessly wraps her arm around his lower waist. Everyone is just standing around- smiles, grins, and smirks on every face in the room. After a few more moments of awkward standing around, Pepper takes charge and starts mingling and pulling people all around the room and towards the kitchen to get comfortable and eat. Eir doesn't know what exactly what they had planned but everyone seems happy to be fed.

Now that the congratulations are out of the way, Narcissa takes Eir to the side where they just so happen to be next to Tony. "I know you've only got engaged," Narcissa beams. "But do you have a specific date that you want for your wedding? Do you want it soon or in the future?"

Humming, Eir shakes her head. "Not really. I don't mind if we're married right away or if Steve wants it sometime in the future. Merlin, I'm not even picky about the location. I'm just happy to have him as my husband."

Narcissa coos, pinching Eir's cheek at how happy Eir has become. Narcissa was once a believer but after seeing just how dangerous Voldemort was to everyone and not just the half bloods and muggleborns, she had a change of heart. She had wished her friends would see the same things she saw but she had no such luck. And now, she is glad that Eir Banning has found true happiness.

Before Narcissa has a chance to reply, Tony ducks his way into their conversation and let's them know that he had been eavesdropping. "If you don't care about the when or where then why not right here and right now?"

"Excuse me?!" Narcissa seems appalled for a split second and Eir seems rather amused.

"Tony, what are you talking about?"

"Just here me out," he smirks before turning and searching the room. "Rogers! Get over here, will ya?"

Steve is off across the room making small talk with Clint and Draco, and when Tony catches his attention, he excuses himself from them. Once he's right in front of Tony and next to Eir, Tony tells him what he said moments before. "What do you say to getting hitched right here and right now?" Steve actually snorts, shaking his head in amusement before he realizes that Tony's being serious.

"Oh, you're serious."

"Of course I'm serious," Tony rolls his eyes in exasperation. "When else are you going to find a day that all of us can get together without the threat of the world in the balance? Everyone who matters to the both of you are here so why not?"

Steve snaps his jaw shut, gaze turning to Eir who actually looks to be contemplating the idea. "I, um, I don't know. Eir?"

Biting her bottom lip nervously, Eir shrugs as she shares a look with Narcissa and then Steve. "The prat does have a point."

"Hey!"

"When else are we going to get everyone together without someone being away on a mission or out rounding up rogue witches and wizards? But Tony's wrong. There are two people missing."

As if speaking of said people is what brought them forward, Mousy apparates into the room with a distinct
pop!
along with Director Fury and Agent Hill. "You were saying," Tony smugly smirks.

Maria Hill grins knowingly after taking in the get together and the happiness radiating from everyone. Turning her attention to Eir, she quirks and eyebrow. "So I take it you said yes?" Mousy looks expectantly at her Mistress, tugging on her ears and awaiting her answer.

Eir nods, Mousy screeches and rushes towards Eir and Steve to hug them around their legs, and Fury sighs as if it's paining him to be in the same room as them. "Good. I can go back to carrier then. Some of us actually have work to attend to."

"Whoa, whoa, whoa. Slow your roll there, Fury." Fury glares at Tony, arms crossing over his chest in a disapproving manner. "You might as well get comfortable. I'm ninety-five percent sure that there's going to be a wedding today."

The room goes deathly silent, eyes darting between Fury and Tony, and then Eir and Steve as if wondering if Tony is telling the truth. Hermione's eyes are wide, silently asking if this is true and Eir winks. Looking up to Steve, she finds him shaking with silent laughter and shaking his head in amusement at the absurdity of it all.

Sighing, Eir is the first the cave. "I don't even have a dress for such an occasion. Even if we wanted to be wed today, the shopping trip alone would take hours and not everyone can stay that long."

"Not a problem. We have a dress!" Pepper eagerly takes center stage, smile so wide and not very innocent. It's like this was planned all along.

"Why do I get the feeling that this was planned?"

"Because some of it was," Pepper shrugs. Striding forward, Pepper grabs Eir by the wrist to pull her up from her seat. "Tony knew that everyone would be here and had that little speech prepared for a while now. Natasha, Hermione, and I got together on one of Hermione's recent visits and found the perfect dress for a small wedding that we thought you'd love." Eir looks to her friends and they're both grinning sheepishly.

"You knew that this would happen today?"

"The proposal, yes."

"The actual wedding, no." Hermione adds after Nat.

Shaking her head in utter amazement, Eir shrugs. "What are we waiting for then? We have a wedding to prepare for."

Fury sighs audibly before everyone else cheers. Pepper eagerly hooks her arm in with Eir's and starts dragging Eir away only calling for Natasha and Hermione to join her. She wants the dress to be a surprise for everyone else so she tells them to stay put, and just as Eir is being tugged into the elevator, she hears Harry and Ginny calling out that they'd prepare for seating and decorations.

..

..

Eir's staring at herself in a body length mirror, Pepper having taken Eir, Natasha, and Hermione to her and Tony's personal bedroom. Her makeup had been kept light- her freckles sticking out more than normal, lips a reddish brown, and just a hint of black eye shadow coloring her eyelids.

Natasha had did a fantastic job of prepping Eir's hair in an elegant bun, bangs parted on the left side and then majority of them sweeping right while tendrils of curled hair frame her face.

The strapless silk chiffon dress has ruching and boning at the bodice that is fitted to her frame, a lengthy black ribbon tied at her waist that it's ends fall to the hem of the dress just below her knee. The shoes were an immediate buy for Pepper, the cream colored platforms having bedazzled heels and flowers with bedazzled centers at her ankles.

All in all- Pepper, Natasha, and Hermione did good.

Hermione steps back into the room, the smile never having left her face as she went to go check on how preparations were coming along downstairs. "They're all set," she tells the room. "Now Tony's wondering who will be the lucky bloke to walk you down the aisle. He told me to convince you to ask Fury just to see if his eye twitches about doing a good deed."

Laughing, Eir shakes her head at her friend. "I'd rather not die on my wedding day, thank you very much."

"Well then who's going to be the lucky bloke?"

Scrunching up her nose in contemplation, she finally sighs. "Can you tell Draco to come up? I've known him the longest."

"Sure thing," Hermione nods. "Ladies, if you will." She gestures them to come to her. "We'll send Draco up and then Eir can meet him at the elevator. The aisle is literally a foot away from the elevator's door and leads into the room so we should go now."

Eir follows the girls out to the elevator, the girls giving Eir one last hug and wish of luck before they're riding the elevator down to the communal floor while Eir waits above. During her brief moment of quiet, Eir lets out a deep sigh just thinking about what she's about to do. She has no second thoughts but just the thought of tying herself to Steve is enough to give her happy butterflies in her tummy.

If anyone had told her when she was younger she'd marry an Avenger- not just any Avenger but the first- she'd have laughed in their face and had them committed. But today, she's actually marrying the first Avenger.

The elevator dings, it's doors opening and presenting Draco with hair that Eir has never seen before. It's cut short atop his head and spiked, and Eir's jaw is hanging open in shock. Did she mention he's wearing a tux?

"Tony and my Mum made me do it," he grimaces before shrugging. "Believe it not, Thor didn't mind my long hair."

"Of course he didn't," Eir snorts. "Thor has long hair himself."

"Indeed." Draco offers Eir his arm, letting her hook her arm with his until she's standing side-by-side with him in the elevator. "You ready for this?" Eir nods and smiles but doesn't speak. "Nervous? If you're having second thoughts, we could disappear." Eir smacks him on the chest for even suggesting that, both of them chuckling as the elevator takes them down to their destination. "I'm proud of you, you know that? Mum and I both are. You did something neither one of us could do back then and looking at how far you've come all on your own.. I'm just.. we're proud, is all."

Eir has tears gathering in the corner of her eyes, she having to carefully wipe them away with her free hand as she turns to face her friend. "And I'm proud of you," she tells him. "You might not have stayed to fight against them but you still made the right choice in the end. Don't sell yourself short, Dray."

"Never," he smirks just as the elevator comes to a stop.

The doors open to the same dimly lit hallway as before, the mason jars filled with dancing balls of light making the aisle. Instead of the aisle being bare, though, white petals create spiral designs for the bride to walk on. She squeezes Draco's arm just a little tighter as they walk casually down said aisle.

There are two groupings of white chairs on either side of the makeshift aisle set in a half circle with the Weasley's plus Harry on one side while the Avengers plus Pepper, Fury, Hill, Narcissa, Andromeda, Teddy, and Mousy sit at the other.

A floating crystal chandelier that's lighting up just one particular spot hangs above Bruce who's apparently going to officiate the ceremony and Steve who's standing there at the end of the aisle looking at Eir with such love and devotion.


I'll meet a hero
And then we'll dance 'til the morning light
Dreaming, he'll lead me
Held tight,
Tonight's the night




Check Polyvore one last time for this chapter's set ;)



Thank you to everyone who stuck this out with me and leaving words of encouragement.



I'll be back within a week or less to post a new fic (teen wolf side-fic for We Might Fall) so..



Until next time :)


>