


A/N: So, the deal was this: people submit story prompts. We fill them. 50-250 words (I did try to lobby for more). The prompt is listed first (with prompter's name in parens), then the title, pairing/characters, and rating.



Please do not review asking for your favorite to be expanded. Y'all should know by now that I'm not really into taking requests. :) That being said, two of them already have been expanded, and I am mulling over a third.


xXx


Arthur is hurt/dying/unconscious and Gwen asks merlin to heal him because she knows about his magic (sidhe_faerie)



Fix It – Arthur/Gwen – PG


"Just fix it, Merlin." Gwen holds him in her gaze.

"But…"

"
Fix. It.
I know you can," she says. "I know your secret," she adds, quieter.

"You do? How do you…?"

"
After
you heal that wound," she says. "Please, Merlin. He's getting paler." Her voice wavers, and Merlin gives in, looking down at his king, lying on the forest floor, an arrow sticking out of his chest.

Not just his king. His friend.

"Very well," Merlin says uncomfortably. He sighs, glancing at his queen. His friend. She nods encouragingly.

He kneels beside Arthur, cups his hands around the arrow, and begins to chant, softly, then increasing in volume as his eyes glow gold.

The arrow drops, freed from Arthur's chest. Arthur's breathing deepens and regulates, and his color improves.

Merlin picks up the arrow and throws it into the fire, then places a blanket over Arthur.

"He'll sleep the night."

Gwen throws her arms around his neck and hugs tightly. "Thank you," she whispers, kissing his cheek.

"You're welcome," he says, still uneasy. "So, when did you find out?"

Gwen looks up at him. "The Lamia. I saw your eyes..."

"And you didn't say anything?"

"It is not my news to tell," she says pointedly, glancing down at Arthur. "You must tell him when we return. I have borne this knowledge alone too long. Tell, him. Please." Her eyes are pleading. "I will make sure he doesn't execute you," she adds, smiling slightly.

"I'll tell him. For you."

"For
you.
"


A/N #2 (disclaimer): I am always anti-Gwen keeping Merlin's secret from Arthur. I didn't think until it was too late to set this before they were married. Not that it would have made it okay, but it might have been tolerable. In any case, given the prompt, my hands were kinda tied.


>