


FINALLY after waiting for months, sending bunch of emails, they finally put this category! Thank you for anyone who sent request email too!



Anyway, this pairing is my favorite pairing from POTW, although there are three beautiful stories of them out there, still it isn't enough. So I decided to write one. Firstly, this story is AU, definitely AU with some characters from the drama. Secondly, I need to say that english is not my first nor second language, so forgive me for the mistake. I'll do my best.



Okay, I don't own POTW and its characters. Hope you like this story.



Ch.1 Destiny

It was raining heavily and the thunder rumbled in the night sky. All night creatures back to their nest waiting for the storm passes. In the midst of heavy rain and thunder roaring sound there was a man ran through the dark night. At the end of the path there is a house. Entering the yard he ran toward main entrance.

"Mister!" called the man arriving at the main door. "Mister!"

The main door pulled open and a man appeared. "How is it?" He looked tired but stared at the young man in front of him. When he saw the young man nodded he immediately went inside and came out with a coat to cover his body from rain. Without waiting for the young man he ran toward his horse tied beside tree.


"Dear God please save them. Please." In fact he did not want to leave his wife, however, the task from the King forced him to go. He spurred the horse to increase its speed faster against heavy rain.

After what feels like eternity he finally arrived at his home. As soon as the horse stopped he jumped off and ran into the house. He found the midwife who assisted his wife's delivery in front of the door of main room.

"How are they? Tell me they are fine." He gripped the midwife's shoulders.

She offered a small smile and replied. "They are fine. Mistress survived and so did the baby. Master can see them inside." She was about to say something but before she could open her mouth he has already walked toward his wife and his newborn baby. "Dear God please keep her safe." She let out a long sigh and walked toward the back room.

He approached his wife who lay weakly on the bed. His wife's face was paler than usual and there were tears running down her cheeks.

"How are you feeling?" He sat beside his wife and took her hand.

"I'm fine. Take a look at this baby." She pulled the baby into her arm. The baby was sleeping peacefully. Closing her eyes she began to cry softly. "I'm sorry."

Seeing the tears he came into panic. "What is it, why are you crying? Is there something wrong?"

"I'm sorry. I couldn't give you a son. "

At first he didn't understand what she was talking about, but when the answer comes across his head the panic is replaced with sadness. It wasn't for he would never have a son, his wife had problem with her labor and it makes this time was the first and the last, but for this tiny newly born baby is going to face a very tough life. He felt sadness for he might not be able to protect this little baby of his.

"Come here." He lay down beside her and embraced his most precious family. "She'll be fine. I promise I'll do anything to protect her. "

"What are we going to do, what if they know that you have a daughter?" She cried on his chest.

He couldn't say anything. He didn't know how to answer the question. He is a Guardian, a protector. His duty is protect the King with his life. His father did. It was on their family. Son of the family will become a Guardian to protect Royal family. '
What should I do
'. He hugged her and looked at the tiny baby in her arm, he couldn't hold tears from running down.

"There is only one way." After a while his voice broke the silence. "She will probably hate us over this decision, but this is the only way."

He embraced his wife while praying the same thing as her. '
Please forgive me my child
'

>