


Finally an update. Thank you for the reviews. AceLey, hehe glad you like it, and hope you will like this one too ;) Momo, glad you like previous chap, oh you like AU fic, well let's see maybe I will ;) hope you will like this too :)



Okay, I don't own POTW and its characters. All mistakes are mine.



In this chapter Yun Bok and Jeong Hyang have changed their name. For Yun Bok it's Shin Yun Bok, and for Jeong Hyang it's Eun Hyang.



Ch. 20 Epilogue (The Guardian and The Princess)

Chilly air and cheerful sings from morning birds greeted her as she pushed window open. Jeong Hyang breathed in the fresh air before heading toward kitchen. She put cut wooden inside stoves before putting fire on. While waiting for the fire she washed rice and vegetables. After the fire was big enough she put stone pot to steam rice and started to cut vegetables.

It is her morning duty to make breakfast for them. She and her husband. Six years have passed after she left In Kingdom and now she lives in a small village with her husband. After finished with cutting vegetables she put another pot on the stove pouring water. She will make vegetable soup, her husband's favorite. She put the ingredients into the pot and added some herbs. She then headed toward potteries at the corner of kitchen. She uses the potteries to make pickles and salty fish, her husband another favorite food.

After finished with breakfast preparation, Jeong Hyang cleaned the kitchen. It is getting light outside. She then decided to wake her husband. She headed toward their bedroom and found he is still lying under blanket. She opened the window first before approaching bed. She pulled the blanket a little and sat down on the bed.

"Morning," She shook his shoulder. "It's morning already."

When she saw he didn't open his eyes she leaned down whispering in his ear. "Wake up, sleepy head." She leaned off and sighed as he still keeps his eyes shut close. A small smile tugged on her lips and she turned her head reaching over for a brush from table beside bed. She swept the brush over his eyelids. She pressed her lips together to hold back a giggle when he moved a hand to rub his eyes. She then tickled his nose. He moved his hand down to his nose.

When she saw her husband still keeping his eyes close, Jeong Hyang sighed. She laid the brush beside pillow before reaching for his side. She tickled his side. "Come on, wake up."

Yun Bok couldn't hold and laughed. He grabbed his wife's shoulders pulling her down with him. "Is my face a paper now?"

"You don't wake up." Jeong Hyang stuck tongue out at him and giggled. "Let me go." She pushed his hands from her waist but he tightened the hold.

"No." He shook his head letting out a chuckle as Jeong Hyang narrowed her eyes. He looked into his wife's brown eyes. After they left In Kingdom six years ago he decided they settle down in this village. It was months later that he takes her as his wife officially. It was Jeong Hyang's idea since they will be living together. He agreed and the villager helped them with the ceremony. He was glad they came to this village and met kind people. They also helped him open his farmland. Yes, he is a farmer now.

"What are you thinking?" Jeong Hyang cupped his cheek with her palm while leaning onto an elbow. He smiled at her keeping their locked eyes.

"Just thinking I'm the luckiest person to have this beautiful and perfect wife."

Jeong Hyang giggled and pinched his cheek playfully. "I know when you talk like that you want something." She narrowed her eyes a little at him.

"Like what?"

"Your sweet talk." She tapped his nose and moved her hand down to his chest playing with his shirt button.

"Can I sleep for a bit longer?" He drew his eyelids down a little pressing his lips together.

"Let me see," Jeong Hyang lifted her gaze for moment before looking back at him shaking her head. "No." She chuckled seeing he let out a groan curling his lips down. "Now get up." She pushed her body up and pulled the blanket off. "You will be late."

Yun Bok let out another groan before getting up. He followed her heading outside toward well. He drew water from the well to clean his body.

Meanwhile inside the house Jeong Hyang poured water and put the cup on table. She looked up when he approached the table and took a chair sitting down. She handed bowl of rice to him.

"Thank you." Yun Bok took the bowl from her. He slurped the warm soup first. "I love this, delicious."

Jeong Hyang pulled a chair and sat down beside him. "I know you'll like it." He grinned while chewing. She took rice and started to eat.

"You have class today, right?"

"Yes." Jeong Hyang replied. She teaches gayageum and sewing to village girls. And she also helps delivery since there is no doctor in this village. "Some children ask for you."

Yun Bok slapped his forehead. "I promised to teach them drawing, and I completely forgot it."

"Maybe after your work."

"Okay, I will go to hall after finish my work." Harvest season has come and he will help another villager with harvesting their crop.

Finished their breakfast Yun Bok put his straw hat on before taking his tools, scythes. They then headed outside. "Thank you." He said when she handed his lunch. "I'll see you later. Be careful."

Jeong Hyang nodded her head. "You too." He gave a small smile before turning around. She watched as he walked down the narrow path. He decided they build their house on a hill outside village. She could understand his reason. It will be difficult for them to live inside the village, besides they need to open a land.

She waited until he disappeared before entering the house. She cleaned the house, did washing and took vegetables and herbs from field behind the house. They have a field of wheat and corn in the back of their house, and small vegetables field. It wasn't easy at first for neither she nor he have ever done farm in their life before. And this year is the fifth year since they started farm crops.

She washed the vegetables and kept it in kitchen. She thought to use it for dinner. After finished with the house work she changed her clothes ready to go for her class. She arrived at the village hall before noon. As soon as the children saw her they run toward her. She always likes being around children. And teaching her favorite instrument to these children is something she always wanted to do. Indeed she loves her duty as a Priestess but she also wants to help people like High Priestess always do.

After she left In Kingdom she always sends letter to the older Priestess. In some occasion Eun Ae and Min Jee will pay a visit to their house, although they have to disguise themselves. She was happy for their visit and sometimes they will bring a message from her parents. She was glad that there is no war or coup d'état in In Kingdom.

Jeong Hyang kneeled down beside a girl looking down at her sewing. "Is that a flower and a butterfly?"

The girl nodded. "Teacher can see it? Actually I'm worried it didn't look like a butterfly."

"Yes, it does. It's very beautiful." Jeong Hyang praised the girl. It reminds her about her talk with her husband years ago, when they were a Guardian and a Priestess, about flower and butterfly. It brings nostalgic memory to her.

"Really?"

Jeong Hyang nodded and stroked the girl head. "I can't wait to see when you finish it."

"Teacher wants to see my work?" The girl asked cheerily.

"Of course. But be careful with the needle, okay?" She smiled as the girl nodded her head before restarting her sewing. She caressed the girl head and stood up.

"You are really good with children, Lady Eun."

Jeong Hyang turned around and saw village chief's wife standing behind her. She bowed her head a little before approaching the lady. "I like children."

"I can see it."

Jeong Hyang noticed the lady let out a small sigh. She knows what she has been thinking. "Don't worry about me, I truly am happy can teach them."

"I just wished,"

Jeong Hyang took the older woman arm. "If I have my own maybe I can't spend my time with them."

"And they will be sad, because they really like you."

Jeong Hyang offered a smile nodding her head. She has told the lady that she can't have children. At first her husband refused the idea for a woman who cannot give birth children is despised in society. But she can't let him be the reason they can't have children. Now the other villager also know about she can't give birth child and she was glad that they didn't mind it at all. There are even some villagers, including the older woman beside her, who offers to help her problem. Although she thought it is impossible. Any herbs or treatments couldn't give her and her husband children. But she is happy with her life with or without children.

"Look at them, they really enjoy the class."

"Yes, they do. They are smart, they learn very fast. I'm thinking to bring something a bit more difficult for next class." Jeong Hyang replied.

"Tell me if you need anything."

Jeong Hyang turned to the lady. "Thank you." She offered a small. Suddenly the door pushed open. They turned their gaze and saw a man leaning against door panting. She looked at the lady and they approached the man.

"What happened?"

"Please…help, my wife…she is…"

"It's the time." Jeong Hyang finished the man sentence. The man nodded his head still trying to catch his breath. She then turned to the lady. "I must go now."

"I will ask someone to look for the children first and go after you." The lady said.

"Thank you." Jeong Hyang gave a small bow before following after the man.


"Give me another push," Jeong Hyang said. "I can see the head." She then turned to the husband. "Please hold her, don't let her fall sleep."

"Okay." The man nodded his head holding his wife tightly.

"I bring the water and clothes. How is it?"

Jeong Hyang turned her gaze as the village chief's wife sat down beside her. "The head is coming out." She said and turned to the lying woman. "Take a breath and push." The woman took a big breath and let out a cry as she gave a push. "You are doing great, the baby is almost coming out."

"Hold on, it's almost done." The man gripped his wife's hand encouraging her.

"Give me one last push," Jeong Hyang instructed. The next moment the room was filled with baby cry. Jeong Hyang wrapped the newborn baby with clean clothes before turning to the couple. "Congratulations, you have a handsome son."

"He is indeed handsome." The village chief's wife added.

After cleaned the baby Jeong Hyang brought him to his parents. She carefully laid the baby in the woman's arm.

"Thank you." The woman said while wiping her tears.

"Thank you for helping us." The husband said and bowed.

"Please don't," Jeong Hyang stopped the man. "I am glad he is a healthy boy." She smiled back and watched as the couple gazing down at their baby lovingly. Just looking at the sight she was happy although she will never have the chance herself. She turned her gaze when the lady touched her arm.

"You did well."

Jeong Hyang nodded and offered a smile. They then took basin and dirty clothes leaving the room. After prepared water for the woman to clean her body they left the happy family. She was surprised to find her husband was waiting at the yard with village chief and some villagers.

"How is she? And the baby?" The village chief asked.

"They are fine, both mother and son." The lady answered her husband and everyone was relieved to hear the news. She then turned to Jeong Hyang. "We have the best midwife."

"You always praise me." Jeong Hyang replied feeling embarrassed a little.

"She is right, you are great." The village chief said and turned to the man beside him. "You have a perfect wife, Mr. Shin. Beautiful, kind and humble."

"Yes, I do." Yun Bok replied proudly and looked at his wife. He could see her cheeks blushed a little.

"Okay people, since a healthy baby has born to our village, we shall celebrate the day!" The village chief said to the villager.


After the small celebration, Yun Bok and Jeong Hyang headed back to their house. It was near dusk now. They walked side by side holding hand.

"You are great," When she turned to look at him, he added. "With delivery."

"I guess my talent." She giggled when he lifted eyebrows. "It's the only thing I can do. I am glad they are fine, the mother and the baby."

Yun Bok smiled turning his gaze to the road before. "So, I'm the luckiest husband then, to have a beautiful,"

"Beautiful, and?" She moved her other hand to his arm.

"Talented,"

"And?"

"Kind,"

"And?"

He looked at her and saw a small smile on her lips. "Let me see," After a glance he said. "Smart,"

"And?"

"Again? How many is it now?" He counted with his fingers. "It's four already."

"Only four?" She made a pouty face.

"Patient," He added.

"And?" Jeong Hyang pressed her lips to hold back a smile.

Yun Bok glanced at the woman beside him, he could notice she was holding back a smile. "And many, and many like those stars that I can't count it." He pointed at the starry sky let out a small laugh when she pinched his arm lightly. "And how about me?"

Jeong Hyang took a small breath as they walked along the small path and answered. "A brave,"

"Brave, I like it." He grinned.

"But, shy,"

"Shy? No." He protested.

Jeong Hyang shook her head adding. "And like to sleep, like a baby." She let out a laugh when he tickled her side. "Why, it is true, isn't it? I have to wake you every morning."

"Well, I blame you."

"My fault?" He turned to her nodding. She stopped and narrowed her eyes stepping closer to him. "Is my husband thinking an inappropriate thing right now?"

"No!" Yun Bok quickly shook his head and looked aside.

"But why I see your cheeks turn red now?" She teased.

Yun Bok released a breath clearing his throat. "It's hot today, don't you think?" He started to walk again. Apparently he can't win over his wife if it comes to teasing, even after years.

Jeong Hyang giggled and followed his husband heading toward their house.

After finished dinner Yun Bok decided to have some fresh air and walked toward terrace. He sat down and inhaled deeply. The night sky is filled by sparkling stars and the full moon was shining brightly. He looked up when she came with tray in hands. She then poured tea in a cup before handing the cup to him.

Jeong Hyang moved the tray aside and sat beside him. "I like the view from here."

He sipped the healthy drink. "I like it too. Sitting here after a busy day," He stretched his legs out. "Is better than any luxury room in a Palace."

"Yes, it is." She agreed. He smiled back and handed the empty cup. She put the cup on the tray and saw as he pulled out a folded paper from his shirt pocket. "What is that?"

"A letter from my brother. It came today."

"Really? What does it say?"

"I thought to read it with you." Yun Bok said.

Jeong Hyang smiled and moved closer beside him. "Let's read it."

Yun Bok started to read the letter. "They are doing well. Oh, my father says he will look for a visit." He said and turned to her.

"It has been a year since their last visit."

He nodded and started to read again. "Your family is doing well too. She will have a baby."

"Really?" She leaned a little to read the letter. "I will become an aunty." She said grinning. Her sister, Princess Hye Su is married to Commander Kim. Although they couldn't come and see the Royal weeding but they wish the couple a long marriage life. And now the Princess is blessed with a baby. Their first child.

"And I will become an uncle." He added. When she lowered her gaze he reached for her hand. "You miss them?"

"A little." Jeong Hyang gave a small smile. He turned his body and pulled her to lean against him.

While his family can pay a visit, in disguise, it is impossible for her family. "You want me to stop reading?"

"No, please continue."

He put an arm around her and continued to read the letter. "Young Bok says Her Highness misses you."

"I miss her too. She must be concerned because this is her first. I have seen many young women who are worried with their first birth."

"And I doubt my brother can do any help. He must be really concerned more than Her Highness."

She let out a giggle and then read the letter. "Oh, I get a message from my mother. She is thinking to give my name if it is a girl, my sister and Commander Kim also wished for my name. What do you think?" She looked up at him.

Yun Bok offered a small. "If you agree."

She nodded before looking back at the letter. "We must send a reply."

"We indeed should." Yun Bok folded the paper and put it back inside his pocket.

For a while they sat admiring the night view before them. Sounds of nocturnal insects and birds accompany them. Their life is not easy and follows by uncertainty. They have to keep their identity secret for the rest of their life, and live apart from their beloved family. But it was the path they have chosen, and they will never regret it.

"It's getting chilly." He broke the silence.

"I can't move my body." She said still leaning against him.

He let out a chuckle. "You just want me to carry you, don't you?"

Jeong Hyang giggled. "I do."

"Fine." He released her before lifting her body. "You're getting heavy." He chuckled as she pinched his shoulder.

She encircled her arms around his neck leaning her head against his as they walked inside. "I have the strongest husband in this Kingdom."

He let out a laugh. "Am I?"

"Yes, you are. Because you are my Guardian."

"And you are my Princess."

"Your only Princess?"

"My one and only Princess."

"You are my one and only Guardian too."

~Fin~


Okay, this is the end. I hope you like this story :)

I want to say thank you for coming, reading, following, favorite and for leaving reviews, although there are many mistakes here, thank you :)

>