


"Coyote, are you there?"



"Yeah, M'gann. Where are the rest of our pardners?"


M'gann slowly got up from the floor she had previously been lying on and looked at her surroundings, shocked to find a hangar made completely of metal.


"I don't see any of them, Coyote. I was only able to contact you because you're the only one that's conscious."


The southern hero groaned as she finally felt the headache that made her miss her hangover days, then looked up to find the same metallic walls that M'gann had met with.


"Where in this darn world full of devils an' angels are we?"
Coyote asked, both out loud an in her mind.

"Who's in there?!"

Suddenly there was a bright light blinding the fifteen year old girl, which made her shield her eyes with her bleeding arm.

"What are you doing here? No civilians are supposed to be in the Watchtower!" The voice was that of a male, one dressed a lot like a certain speedster Coyote knew.

But that wasn't possible. The Justice League all knew where their mission was and they would have never followed. And, she was pretty sure that Flash should've recognized her.

"Ah reckon the better question is who are yuh?" Coyote asked as she shakily pushed herself up, her arms shaking from all the pain in them.

The impostor's eyes widened in shock at the condition of the girl, but then his eyes fell on both her guns and he instantly became weary once more.

"That's not the better question. Who are you and how did you get into the Watchtower's hangar?"


"M'gann, where are you?!"


The Martian was in stealth mode as she flew through the hangar, then her eyes fell on the scene of a bloodied Coyote standing in front of Flash.


"Why is Flash questioning you? Shouldn't he be helping you?!"



"Don't reveal yourself, M'gann!"
Coyote answered, already knowing from the questions that M'gann had seen her.
"This varmint ain't the real deal! He don't know me!"


M'gann's eyes widened at this, then she closed her eyes and opened her palm, pointed at the Flash. She concentrated on him, and she was in his mind.

"What the hell? J'onn!" Flash exclaimed in fear as he felt someone else's presence in his mind, but that wouldn't do much.

M'gann searched his mind, and finding a memory much different from Kid Flash's own, she retracted and looked at Coyote.


"He's not our Flash, Coyote! He must be an impostor!"


Coyote's eyes widened at this, while Flash panted heavily. "What in the world was that?"

'BANG!'

Flash's eyes widened as he stood a few feet from his past spot, a bullet whizzing past him as he looked with wide eyes at the girl wearing a cowboy hat.

"WHAT?" He yelled and seemed like he was going to scream more, but suddenly a yellow and red blur had sped past him, all around him and knocked him down.

"Coyote! Finally I found you!" Kid Flash yelled as he hugged his teammate tightly, which made her groan in pain. "Something wrong?" He quickly asked, holding her at arms length to check her over.

"Just a bit..." She said sarcastically, blinking as a bit of blood fell onto her eyes.

"Shit! We have to get you to the Mountain!" KF acknowledged, then looked behind them to find his chasers there along with the Flash impersonator.

"What is this?" Coyote asked, eyes wide as she looked into the faces of the people that were supposed their teachers. "Some whacked up trainin' mission?"

Kid Flash shook his head, then motioned for her to get on his back.
"M'gann, you here?"
He asked, then felt the link connect.

"Kids! You must stop this right now!" The impostor Wonder Woman said, stepping forward. "One of your own is hurt! We can get her treatment!"


"Behind the fake Batman, Wally."
M'gann answered, glaring at the back of the Bat and ignoring the other woman.


"I have an idea."



"That's swell! What is it?"
Coyote asked, her hand gripping her revolver tightly.


"Well, this is a hangar,"
Kid Flash answered, then took off running as fast as he could, causing their Flash to also follow them.
"So they are bound to have some planes in here. Coyote, you're the only one here that has any experience flying so while M'gann, Robin, and I hold off these wannabes, you can start up the ship."


Coyote looked up as she heard Robin was there, and after realizing she was now going at insanely fast speeds, she hid her face in Kid Flash's back.


"The only thing wrong with that, KF."
Suddenly Robin's voice was in their minds, causing Coyote to smile.
"Is that while Coyote can fly, she can fly almost as good as her father."



"My pa' can fly good enough!"
She defended, not liking the insult to her father.


"We can deal with that later,"
M'gann interrupted.
"KF, I need you to give Coyote about a two second window right in front of these Justice League impostors. Shoot at their feet, get them off their balance, and then we can make a break for it. There's a ship not too far from us. Just follow the waves I'm giving you."


Kid Flash nodded at this and did as told, even though he still had the Flash impostor following his heels. "Get ready!" He yelled, then he slowed down right in front of the four 'heroes' there.

"Fer libertey!" Coyote screamed as she shot at their feet, causing Green Lantern, Batman, Black Canary, and Wonder Woman to jump. "Go!" She then yelled, causing Kid Flash to speed up once more and follow M'gann's psychic waves.

Soon enough he had been led to a ship that looked oddly enough like the Bat-jet, but grey, and Robin and M'gann were waiting for them there. Kid Flash smiled as he sped past them, then he heard a scream as M'gann most probably pushed the Flash out of the way.

"Get to flying, Coyote!" He instructed, placing her in the pilot's seat as Robin closed the door.

The teen whistled and tipped her hat up, eyes wide at the technology before her. "This 'ere techonolique must be more than twenty years into the future!"

"We don't care! Just fly!" Robin yelled at her, getting a birdarang ready.

There were pounds on the door, most probably from Green Lantern as Coyote started pressing buttons and pulling switches.

After a few seconds of panicking, the lights in the vehicle were turned on and they heard the rumbling of the jet's engine.

"Fly, woman!" Kid Flash yelled, looking out the window as the Flash started to try vibrate through the door while the Batman tried to hack in.

And suddenly the jet lurched forward, causing Coyote to yelp and the rest of the teens scream as they were sent hurdling to the back of the yet.

"Darn son ding-busted horse-thieving alien control panel which can't nobody work proper!" Coyote yelled as she tried to gain control of the jet, shifting it from the left to right to gain it.

"Get it under control, Coyote!" Robin growled, which made the girl growl at him.

"Yuh try flyin' somethin' way ahead o' yer time, Birdie!"

Robin only growled, but Coyote slowly gained control of the spaceship and the three other teens were finally able to sit down in the chairs. Coyote sighed in relief as she saw them sit down, then groaned in pain.

"Okay, first order of business, go to the cave." Kid Flash announced, frowning as his friend's body started to cringed into itself. "Get Coyote medical attention,
then
we can search for the rest of the team."

Both Robin and M'gann nodded at this words, then Robin looked out at the cold darkness that was space. "Where
is
the rest of our team?"


New story that I don't plan on stopping! Yay! It'll be a Universe Merge; of course; and it'll star both YJ's Justice League and Justice League's... Justice League... ...



Anyways, two reviews and I'll update tomorrow!


>