

TWO ENDS AGAINST THE MIDDLE

Undercover cop Pete Cochrane was off to see Dana Sterling up in Nor Cal. It had been almost two years and he had promised Dana he would visit him sometime. Things were getting heavy on the job and he needed a break.

He had both windows down as cool air breezed through the charger; he cranked up the stereo, turned off the Motorola and just cruised to Atascadero. He was driving up the coast as salt aired filled the car and helped to clear his mind.

"What do you mean he's seeing a friend?" a perturbed Captain Adam Greer looked at his officers. He stood behind his desk, his fingers touching a file of their last case.

"Captain." Linc Hayes explained slowly and calmly, his eyes betraying nothing behind his yellow tinged glasses. "Look you said he could take a few days. You said yourself the last case was pretty heavy."

Greer shook his head and sat down.

"I swear you guys always take a mile when I offer an inch. So did he say where he was going, just in case we need to get in touch with him." Greer asked in his best fatherly voice and looked at blond Julie Barnes.

Julie blushed, pushed her long hair behind her ears and looked at the Captain.

"No, he didn't exactly know where he would be Captain. Pete went through a lot on that case." Julie exhaled. "He… he lost one of his friends captain. I know you have a heart."

"I do have a heart Julie, but face it life goes on and you have to deal with it." Greer explained.

"Pete knows that." Linc said. "But you know how he deals with heavy things."

"Yes I know unfortunately. He disappears just when we need him." Greer shook his head.

The door opened and another officer came in.

"Thought you might want to take a look at this." He handed Greer the sheet of paper. "Burt Connors just escaped from prison."

"Thanks." Greer took the paper. "Now are you sure you won't tell me where Pete went? Connors swore revenge on Pete. He swore he'd kill him."

Linc and Julie looked at each other.

"We don't know Captain, honestly. Maybe we should check's Pete's place for some clues." Linc said and stood up.

"I think that would be a good idea. You need to think like cops or Pete may die." Greer said glumly.

>