


The Revolutionist




Chapter 1: Modesty in a Conceited World



"
Once you get past my charm, good looks, intelligence, and my sense of humour. I think modesty stands out the most."



Hermione Jean Granger was a smart girl albeit a very lonely girl so it surprised her when she received a letter from Hogwarts informing her that she was a witch. In that moment she was elated, she was going to have friends but that hope shattered as she began to think to herself, 'What if they don't like me?'. She brushed it off for another time and so went to shop for her school supplies with the helpful aid of the transfiguration teacher, Professor McGonagall.

She tried to absorb everything around her particularly when they went Flourish and Blotts and this event is where she bumped into a peculiar individual. She first walked into the bookstore and it was quite unlike any other bookstore she had ever been to. It was much bigger on the inside than the outside with towering bookcases. It was all ordered and structured when she swept down the aisles but the absolute number of books made everything look out of place and chaotic at a glance yet the assistant, had no trouble selecting the required books.

Hermione was…enthusiastic yes, enthusiastic as her thirst for knowledge easily showed on her face, her eyes greedily drinking in the sight of all these books. She had grabbed all the necessary books and then some, for light reading she assured the Professor. McGonagall however expected this and she gave a stern nod to the young girl and told her not to get carried away. There was the final book on her list,
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them
, and she turned into the Care of Magical Creatures section. She looked up and down for it and she did but it was barely out of her reach. She huffed in frustration for a moment before a hand grabbed the desired book and offered it to her. Hermione turned to see a boy about her age with an intense shade of green eyes and messy jet black hair wearing a black suit with an unbuttoned collar and no tie. She continued to stare into his eyes before she caught herself and took the book from him. He was staring bemused at a book in his other hand and she couldn't help but find herself curious. He held in his hand a book titled 'Harry Potter and the Necromancer's Army'.

"Is that a Harry Potter book?" she enquired.

"Indeed." Was his simple reply. He sighed tiredly before putting the book back where it was.

"Are you going to Hogwarts as well?" He struck up checking the books in his arms.

"Yes, I'm very excited and nervous, it's my first year." Hermione shifted nervously in her spot, moving from foot to foot, she didn't know why she was all flustered.

"Hmm." A curious hum came from him as the boy looked at her squirming before him. "Don't worry you're not the only one scared."

"Who said anything about being scared?" Her pride showing itself and her bossiness shining through before she realised her folly.

"Then it's quite fortunate of you, that you are brave." He seemed more amused by this conversation and her cheeks turned pink in embarrassment. He analysed Hermione looking her up and down before his eyebrows knitted in thought.

For Hermione it was a lot more difficult to hold this conversation as she looked for anything to change the subject before she spied the books tucked between his arms.

"Is that part of the curriculum?" She pointed to his books.

"Ah no, but they are much better than some of the books on the list. Take this one for example,
The Adept's Guide to Potions by Joseph Boyle,
it's much more updated and has additional necessary information that the other book doesn't have. And this one
Offense and Defence…
" He was rambling, directing her to others and she felt surreal about this experience as it was usually her who did this. He stopped abruptly and turned to her sheepishly, rubbing the back of his head.

"Ah sorry about that, I was rambling." He finished awkwardly. "My name is Harry."

"I'm Hermione, it's nice to meet you." She introduced herself with her confidence returning.

"It's a pleasure to meet you, Hermione." Harry said in a polite tone. "I believe getting copies of these books will go a long way but that's my opinion right now, my guardian is probably worried about me."

"Why would I be worried about you, gaki?" They both turned to see a tall blonde about 5'9" with blue eyes wearing a black leather jacket with a grey shirt and worn-out blue jeans and sneakers. "Didn't you say that you were a grown-up?"

Hermione noticed that he winced at those words. Harry returned to his calm demeanour before sighing dramatically. "Hermione, this is my big brother Naruto. Naruto, this lovely lady is Harry."

Hermione blushed at those words while Naruto just looked at him with a flat expression. "Oi, oi, turn down the charm there Casanova. I think the old lady at the counter is going to fall head over heels for you soon."

"You're such an ass sometimes you know that."

"It's part of my job, gaki." Hermione tried to suppress her giggle at their interactions but she was failing miserably. Harry groaned before a small smile was on his lips.

"You got all your books?" Naruto turned to Harry who nodded in confirmation. "Good, we'll be seeing you Hermione."

She waved goodbye to her new friend(?) and her parents came over to see a big smile on her face.

"Did anything happen, sweetie?" Mrs Granger asked her daughter.

"Nothing mum, I just made a friend." Both parents were puzzled but smiled at their daughter's happiness.


And so September first rolled around and she felt skeptical when the ticket for Hogwarts Express said that it was on platform 9 and ¾ on King's Cross station. Hermione and her parents saw how the other kids and their parents made their way towards a wall and disappear. She looked around to find the other people were looking anywhere but the wall. She continued on and couldn't help but stare in awe at the scarlet steam engine before she had to rush along and said her goodbyes to her parents. She pulled her trunk along and opened the compartment door to find that it was occupied with older students. Some of them sneered at her before one spoke up.

"What are you doing here firstie?" An older boy said to her.

"I was finding a compartment." She responded.

"What's your name?" An older girl said with long blonde curly and a kind smile to her face and glared at the other boy that promised pain.

"Hermione Granger." She smiled brightly at her.

"I'm Penelope Clearwater and don't mind him, okay." She nodded and a red-headed boy came up to her.

"Down the corridor, there should be a few empty compartments and I hope you end up in my house." He gestured to the scarlet and gold logo on his chest. "Gryffindor."

"Yes, run along little mudblood." Everyone in the compartment looked at the rude boy in shock even the girl next to him stared at him with widened eyes. Hermione didn't know it but she felt hurt when he used that word.

"Michael!" The girl next to him appeared to look scandalised.

"What? The train hasn't left and I don't have to perform my duties as a prefect yet not until we reach Hogwarts." Hermione left and moved along, hearing angry shouts from the prefect compartment.

Hermione, feeling hurt and a little sad, made her way down the train corridor and into an empty compartment. She stowed her trunk overhead and sat down, sighing heavily. It has been a busy morning and she wondered how much more she could take.

'No. I have to be strong, I have to do my best.' Hermione encouraged herself. But there were doubts that crept into her mind and she couldn't shake them. What if it was like before? What if she was known as the know-at-all? What if she was all alone?

There was a sharp stab of fear, that those questions could become her reality in this new and wonderful world she was introduced in. She feared that she would face the same scrutiny as before. The looks of jealousy, envy.

She was broken out of her thoughts when she heard a knock on the door. There by the doorway was a short, chubby brown haired boy stood outside her compartment.

"I-I lost my pet toad, his name is Trevor have you seen him?" His ears were pink and he looked down on the ground. She pitied the poor boy and helped him look for the toad. Maybe then this would be another step where she could be accepted. After half an hour of fruitless searching, where she met a rude red-headed boy and an obnoxious blonde, she made her way back to her compartment with a sullen Neville. She opened the door to see that a familiar boy sat on the opposite seat, his interest currently focused onto the magazine in his hands which she noted on the front was called 'The Quibbler'. A snowy white owl was on his shoulder gazing at the pages before giving a small 'hoot' and he turned the page. A toad was seated beside the boy enjoying some treats.

"Trevor!" Neville shouted in happiness, hugging the toad to his chest. He blushed in embarrassment when the stranger smiled amused at the situation.

"Harry?" Hermione stared at the boy before her.

"Hermione! It's great to see you again. And you must be Trevor's owner, I found him on my way to this compartment." He said all the while with a slight grin on his face. "My name's Harry, pleased to meet you…"

"Neville, uh, Neville Longbottom, nice to meet you too." The boy said shyly.

"Now that we're done with the intro-ow." The snowy owl on his shoulder nipped his ear and glared angrily at Harry. "Oh right, sorry this is Hedwig don't mind her, she's always grumpy in the morning." She turned away with a huff and an indignant hoot which all the occupants found funny.

"She's beautiful." Hermione whispered, staring at the beautiful owl, who preened at the praise.

"Don't encourage her, she's only going to get a bigger head." Hedwig only hooted angrily in response where everyone laughed. Everyone fell into a comfortable silence before they began talking to each other again with Trevor situated in Neville's lap and Hedwig hunting for food giving Harry a significant look as she left.

Harry was quite happy to spend time with people closer to his age group and learned quite a bit about them. Hermione was the daughter of two dentists living in London. She was a gifted person being much smarter than the average child but from her demeanour, he noticed that she was rather lonely. After a while, she had gotten a book out and began reading to pass the time.

Neville however, was interesting to learn about as he had studied the Longbottom family and knew that they were a long-time ally of the Potter family. He discovered that they were a Noble and Ancient House being prominent in wizarding history as Vikings for their battle magic that had remained uncontested until they landed on the shores of England. It was unknown how the ancient head of the Potter house had managed to make them swear their allegiance back then but it was known that they had remained formidable allies since. Neville himself didn't reflect this reputation at first glance but he could see that Neville had the potential to become a great wizard.

The compartment door slid open once again, a pale blonde boy swept his gaze over the compartment and its occupants before he focused solely Harry.

"I heard that Harry Potter was going to Hogwarts this year," He said. "Have you seen him around?"

"Nope, can't say that I have." Harry said in a nonchalantly before he seemed to realise that the boy was in front of him. There were two other boys with him, both burly and mean, like bodyguards. "Oh I'm sorry, have we been introduced?"

The pale boy sniffed at his seeming indifference to him but chose to remain cordial. "The name's Malfoy. Draco Malfoy."

"I'm glad to know your name but it is rude to ignore everyone else here, no?" He gestured to both Hermione and Neville. Draco bowed his head in slight deference to both of them, remembering the etiquette that was taught to him by his mother.

"Apologies for ignoring both of you, may I ask for your names?"

"Neville Longbottom." He said in a loud and clear tone, a far cry from the boy that Harry had met but then saw Neville shrink within himself after introducing himself. Poor boy, he had no confidence within himself. Harry would rectify that soon.

"I'm Hermione Granger." She held out her hand for him to shake, but the boy took her hand hesitantly.

"I haven't heard of the Granger name before."

"Oh, I'm a muggleborn." Draco had a moment to look at his hand in horror before it devolved in disgust, he sneered at her. "I shook hands with a mudblood."

Harry's eyes sharpened at the slur and Hermione again had a hurt expression on her face."Excuse me but I don't think I heard you quite right?"

Draco turned to regard him, he was taken aback by the way Harry's eyes bored into his. The way they judged him and found him wanting. "A mudblood and a blood traitor, which are you?"

Any etiquette that Draco had shown a moment before was gone now and he seemed to demand his identity. Harry stood up from his seated position, he was significantly a few inches taller and he could see the fear in his eyes. Harry's magic was roiling underneath the surface. It was agitated, waiting to be used but was quelled as Harry put a lid on his anger. "I'm going to have to ask you to leave," He gestured to the compartment door.

Draco didn't move from his spot, the two brutes by his side were sizing Harry up. "I'd be careful if I were you, you wouldn't want to be hanging around the wrong sort of wizards, mudbloods like her and squibs like Longbottom. Otherwise things will get difficult for you."

"I choose my company carefully, heir Malfoy. I do not tolerate any slurs against anyone." Harry's eyes glowed briefly for a moment that scared Draco then it died down. "You get one warning. Now leave."

Draco tried his best to muster up his bravado though it came off as if he was constipated and left, slamming the compartment door loudly.

Neville let out a breath that he didn't know that he was holding and sighed in relief while Hermione seemed to be regarding Harry in a new light. A question however was at the forefront at her mind, one that had bothered her this morning and one that reminded her before.

"Harry, what did he mean when said the word 'Mudblood'?" Neville frowned at the word while Harry scowled fiercely before sitting down.

"Hermione, I'm sorry that I have to be the one to tell you this but the wizarding world isn't as magical as it seems." Seeing her confused look, Harry cursed at the bigotry and stagnation that the British Wizarding Society was in. "The word is a highly derogatory term for muggle-born wizards or witches that implies that they are of lower breeding, and are undeserving of magic. It's used by those who are prejudiced against muggleborns and those who believe in blood purity."

Hermione was shocked to find that this sort of discrimination existed, she'd thought that being part of this new and wonderful world that the professor had shown her would be a dream come true. Harry noticed her sullen mood and sought to rectify that.

"But who cares what they think, they're all pricks anyway, we don't need them right Neville?" Neville nodded in confirmation. Hermione couldn't help herself, she giggled at how Harry was able to cheer her up and felt a warm feeling surge in her chest. Is this what it was like to have friends? People who stood up for her? Who made her smile?"

"I guess we should be putting our robes on, come on Neville. Let's give Hermione some privacy." Harry nodded respectfully to her and Neville waved meekly before stopping wondering why he did that in the first place and his cheeks tinted pink. Hermione beamed at them happily.


The train slowed down to a stop, the people pushed and prodded their way onto the tiny, grey platform. All three of them stood outside, both Hermione and Neville shivering from the cold. Hermione's eyes widened when she spotted a giant of a man come over with a lamp.

"Firs' years! Firs' years over here!" The man's hairy features shocked some of the students but to Harry, he grinned widely and waved to the man. Hagrid, spotting Harry over the sea of students merely offered the biggest smile in return and led the students over to the boats. Everyone got into the boats, and Harry headed straight to a boat with two students in it. They were both girls, one of them had long blonde hair reaching her shoulders and ice blue eyes that were cold and aloof, a mask that she put up once she saw them coming. The other girl had a more curious expression, she had dark brown hair and sky blue eyes that swept over them before returning to her conversation with the other girl. He gestured for Hermione and Neville to get in and they looked at him questioningly.

"Harry, there won't be in anymore room for you?" Harry merely raised an eyebrow in response before stepping on. Everyone's eyes widened when they saw their boat had gotten bigger and that Harry could be seated comfortably on it now.

"There, we have enough room now." The girls who were seated before them couldn't help but stare incredulously at him.

"Have I got something on my face?" They both looked away at him, finding the lake and the castle more interesting, which Harry had to say was very impressive. Turrets and towers that were illuminated by the starry sky, they couldn't help but marvel at the sight. Hermione was broken out of her reverie when a cold wind blew over her, she rubbed her shoulders to restore some warmth and noticed that the few other passengers who were with them were also in the same state.

Harry let his wand slip into his hand, casting a warming charm on all of them.

"How did you do that?" The brunette girl blurted out, her interest piqued in seeing Harry cast a spell.

"Magic." He said simply, an easy-going smile on his lips and she huffed at his response.

"I'm sorry, I haven't introduced myself, I'm Harry." He said warmly, offering his hand forward and she shook it. "This is Hermione Granger and Neville Longbottom."

Both of them waved awkwardly, having no idea quite how to interact with other people but Hermione believed that if she wanted to put herself out there, she'd have to follow Harry's lead.

"Pleasure to meet you two," Hermione offered her hand forward and the brunette girl shook it, she noted that like the girl she was warm but when she shook the blonde girl's hand it was cold.

"I'm Tracey Davis and this is my best friend, Daphne Greengrass." Tracey nudged Daphne with her shoulder and she gave a curt nod.

"So what house do you think you'll be in?" she said, vibrating on the spot in excitement.

"I…don't know, I think Ravenclaw or Gryffindor."

"Ooh, I wouldn't mind going into the Ravenclaw though I do have a preference for Slytherin." Tracey said with a bright smile and Neville couldn't help but feel sceptical about her decision. A bubbly person like her in Slytherin, a house that was known to spawn death eaters and dark wizards.

"Hmm, the house of Slytherin…" Harry tested the word. Tracey eyed him with a suspicious look, expecting him to degrade what she would hopefully think be her future house.

"Is there anything wrong with being in Slytherin?" She replied hotly. Daphne's eyes flickered to hers, disappointed and expectant of her brash nature.

"There's nothing wrong with being in the house of the cunning and the ambitious, admirable qualities if I say so myself. Being resourceful, to play with the hand you're dealt and still come up on top is reflects what Salazar was. The reputation the house had garnered leaves it less than desirable. I'm sure Salazar himself would be quite disappointed to see what his house had turned into." He rested his face on his palm and held up his hand to stop his retort.

"I am not attacking Slytherin's house just because, every other house has their own flaws and qualities that they exemplify too. Take Gryffindor for example, Godric valued courage, determination, chivalry and strength of heart. He was however not a foolhardy person, as the man had lived in a rather turbulent time where war was common and he did not rush into every battle head-strong. What personifies courage, determination and strength of heart now is hot-temperedness, arrogance and downing firewhiskey on a bet." Daphne couldn't help the snort that escaped her as she heard Harry's description.

"Ravenclaw's house prized knowledge but the pursuit of knowledge for knowledge's' sake is a trait that alienates oneself. The arrogance that a person holds if they feel that they are above someone intellectually or that they are so absolute in their beliefs that they cannot accept any other is dangerous. Ravenclaw however was wise and she knew that wisdom tempered knowledge, the pursuit of knowledge is fine, to create, to learn, to discover that is what Rowena valued the most." Everyone at this point were drawn into Harry's informative talk.

"And finally, we come to Hufflepuff."

"The house of duffers." Daphne couldn't help but say and Harry gave her a hard look before he sighed deeply.

"Yes, whatever you want to call it, the house of the duffers or leftovers. A reputation that the Hufflepuff house has garnered because the house accepted everyone who did not embody the traits of the other house. No, that is not true at all. Helga was someone who was dedicated, loyal, kind, fair and most of all she was patient. She believed in equality and that's what her house stood for, if the playing field was equal everybody was good. And people hear that and think they're pushovers. They're reputed as the shy ones, soft-spoken and insecure." Harry's eyes gleamed however as a shark-like grin was on him. "They're none of those things, they will defend themselves and other people because it is right, because it is the decent thing to do. A very human trait. If you come knocking on their door, throwing threats at them, you'd better back up those threats or they will kick your teeth in for even saying that. Hufflepuff is an honourable house to go into and probably is the only house which still embodies her traits today."

No one said anything as they digested what Harry said and it was only when the boat stopped at an underground harbor did they depart. Daphne's eyes lingered on Harry's form as he stepped off the boat, being the polite person that he was, he helped them get off the boat as well.


"Everyone, here?" Hagrid's eyes swept over once more, counting the students before nodding. His big fists knocked on the door and it swung open, revealing a stern-looking black haired witch.

"The firs' years, Professor McGonagall." Hagrid announced in a booming voice.

"Thank you, Hagrid." Professor McGonagall said. Harry noted that while she seemed stern she appeared to be friendly with the half-giant man.

She pulled the door wide, and Harry found that the size of the entrance hall was impressive. It could easily fit his apartment twice over and maybe have some roof left over. The walls, floor and ceiling were of a large, gray stone colour lit by torches with a magnificent marble staircase that led to other parts of the castle.

Professor McGonagall led the group of students across the flagged stone floor. Harry could hear the drone of hundreds of voices from a doorway to the right, where he deduced that everyone must have arrived ahead of them. Though it was odd that Professor McGonagall showed them into a small, empty chamber off the hall.

The group crowded in, standing rather close together than they would usually have done, peering about nervously. It was quite uncomfortable to have a flock of students squeeze together in the small space, where everyone jostled each other.

He caught Hermione and Tracy by their arms when they stumbled and they used him to steady themselves.

"Sorry." They muttered simultaneously over the chattering voices and Harry shook his head.

"It's okay." He could hear Naruto ribbing him about how girls were already falling for him figuratively and quite literally. He banished the thought and turned his attention to the professor though he couldn't help the odd feeling in his chest. He'd have to investigate further.

"Welcome to Hogwarts," The chattering voices died out as Professor McGonagall commanded the attention of everyone in the room. "The start-of-term banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your seats in the Great Hall, you will be sorted into your houses. The Sorting is a very important ceremony because, while you are here, your house will be something like your family within Hogwarts. You will have classes with the rest of your house, sleep in your house dormitory, and spend free time in your house common room.

"The four houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Each house has its own noble history and each has produced outstanding witches and wizards. While you are at Hogwarts, your triumphs will earn your house points, while any rule breaking will lose house points. At the end of the year, the house with the most points is awarded the house cup, a great honor. I hope each of you will be a credit to whichever house becomes yours."

"The Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minutes in front of the rest of the school. I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as you can while you are waiting." Her eyes lingered for a moment on Neville's cloak, which was fastened under his left ear, and on Ron's smudged nose. Harry immediately fixed Neville's coat and he thanked him, a pink tint on his cheeks at being embarrassed.

"I shall return when we are ready for you," said Professor McGonagall. "Please wait quietly."

As Professor McGonagall left the chambers, Harry saw Hermione was quickly muttering spells under her breath and that Neville and Daphne had paled quite suddenly. He spotted a redheaded boy nervously tell everyone around him that he was told by his brother that they had to pass some kind of test and, Harry had to roll his eyes, to wrestle a troll. Tracey was trembling as she soaked in this information.

"Everyone, calm yourselves." Harry told the four, his voice was quiet but it nevertheless garnered their attention. It was loud enough that only they could hear him and he looked them all in the eye, no traces of fear present. "Getting yourself all worked up on the Sorting will do you no good."

"How can you be so calm? This is the Sorting." Tracey asked. All three of them looked at him, and he saw Neville was looking at him with a newfound level of reverence. Hermione's nervousness seemed to ebb away from her and her mutterings stopped as a glint of determination entered her eyes. The blonde girl, Daphne, looked at him, her eyes no longer as cold as before now they held respect.

"Has there been any cases of everyone student wrestling a troll to get sorted?" Harry raised an eyebrow at this logic. "No, the ceremony is created to put you into a house where you would do your best in as reflected upon the traits of the four Founders that I mentioned earlier. So they must have a spell or enchantment to determine which of the Founders' traits you possess the most and it will sort you based on that."

Harry surmised that if the same thing would be applied in the real world then every politician out there would be a Slytherin. He found the whole thing archaic, everyone had a mix of the traits that possessed. Basing a person on the one trait that stood out the most and children at that was not something he would get behind. Children changed, their beliefs and personalities all shaped and influenced by their environment and by themselves. He was broken out of musings by Hermione's question.

"Aren't you worried about what house you're going to be sorted in?" Clearly, everyone standing around him were interested in this question as well.

"Not at all," Harry shrugged, they were taken back by his nonchalance. "It wouldn't matter what kind of house I'd be in, nothing changes except where I sleep. It'd be different sure but it doesn't stop me from trying to achieve my goals."

There was an unreadable expression on Tracey while Hermione took his words, evaluating them and pondering on what it meant. Neville, on the other hand, was looking down at his hands, balling them into fists before he let go. Daphne had a raised brow and Harry wondered if she was appraising him before she nodded.

A scream was heard from the back of the crowd and Harry turned around sharply. He could feel his magic vibrating underneath his skin, he was taking measures, pushing himself in front. He was ready to cast a spell but the words died in his throat when he saw the cause of the screams.

"That's something you don't see everyday." Harry said. Ghosts. Spirits. Phantoms of life. Twenty ghosts had just streamed through the back wall. Pearly-white and slightly transparent, they glided across the room talking to one another and hardly glancing at the first years. Hermione's grip on his arm was back and tightened uncomfortably.

They seemed to be arguing. "Forgive and forget, I say, " What looked like a fat little monk was saying, "we ought to give him a second chance-"

"My dear Friar, haven't we given Peeves all the chances he deserves? He gives us all a bad name and you know, he's not really even a ghost - I say, what are you all doing here?" A ghost wearing a ruff and tights had suddenly noticed the first years.

Nobody answered.

"New students!" said the Fat Friar, smiling around at them. "About to be Sorted, I suppose?"

A few people nodded mutely.

"Hope to see you in Hufflepuff!" said the Friar. "My old house, you know."

"Move along now," said a sharp voice. "The Sorting Ceremony's about to start."

Professor McGonagall had returned. One by one, the ghosts floated away through the opposite wall. "Now, form a line," Professor McGonagall told the first years, "and follow me."

Harry automatically followed the stern professor. He glanced behind to see Hermione's troubled yet firm eyes and he smiled at her. She smiled back uneasily and they went across the hall and through a set of large double doors.

If Harry had thought the entrance chamber was huge then this one easily beat that by three times. Thousands of candles floated over the four long tables where the students were seated. At the top of the hall was another long table where the teachers were conversing with each other. He did a double-take when he saw a bright mop of blonde spiky hair at the high table. He waved cheekily to Harry who had to hold back a groan at having his older brother here. Of course, he would be here.

As his eyes scanned over the tables, he recognised the distinction between all of them, defined by the colours on the robes. The red and gold of Gryffindor in its magnificence on the far right, followed by the yellow and black of the Hufflepuffs. Ravenclaw was next in their royal bronze and blue and directly on the far left were the proud green and silver of the Slytherins.

His gaze ended up on the ceiling of Hogwarts and he had to smile to himself at the black ceiling dotted with a sea of stars.

'So she did get it to work." Harry mused to herself. 'She did want to make me happy when I told her.'

Harry quickly looked down again as Professor McGonagall silently placed a four-legged stool in front of the first years. On top of the stool she put a pointed wizard's hat. This hat was patched and frayed and extremely dirty.

To his surprise, a tear opened up near the brim of the hat and began to sing:

"Oh, you may not think I'm pretty,

But don't judge on what you see,

I'll eat myself if you can find

A smarter hat than me.

You can keep your bowlers black,

Your top hats sleek and tall,

For I'm the Hogwarts Sorting Hat

And I can cap them all.

There's nothing hidden in your head

The Sorting Hat can't see,

So try me on and I will tell you

Where you ought to be.

You might belong in Gryffindor,

Where dwell the brave at heart,

Their daring, nerve, and chivalry Set Gryffindors apart;

You might belong in Hufflepuff,

Where they are just and loyal,

Those patient Hufflepuff are true And unafraid of toil;

Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw,

if you've a ready mind,

Where those of wit and learning,

Will always find their kind;

Or perhaps in Slytherin

You'll make your real friends,

Those cunning folk use any means

To achieve their ends.

So put me on! Don't be afraid!

And don't get in a flap!

You're in safe hands (though I have none)

For I'm a Thinking Cap!"

Harry clapped his hands together with the others though not for the musical talent that the hat spouted but for the complex magic that was weaved into that hat. He couldn't help but postulate how the founders could have created a sentient magic, he had to give it to them they were definitely the brightest witches and wizards of their time.

Professor McGonagall now stepped forward holding a long roll of parchment. "When I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sorted," she said. "Abbott, Hannah!"

A pink-faced girl with blonde pigtails stumbled out of line, put on the hat, which fell right down over her eyes, and sat down. Harry noticed how nervous she was.

"HUFFLEPUFF!" shouted the hat. The table on the right cheered and clapped as Hannah went to sit down at the Hufflepuff table. Harry saw the ghost of the Fat Friar waving merrily at her.

"Bones, Susan!"

"HUFFLEPUFF!" shouted the hat again, and Susan scuttled off to sit next to Hannah.

"Boot, Terry!"

"RAVENCLAW!"

The table second from the left clapped this time; several Ravenclaws stood up to shake hands with Terry as he joined them.

"Davis, Tracey!" Her name got Harry's attention and she stepped out of the line. She sat herself on the stool and the hat was placed on her.

"SLYTHERIN!" And she took the hat off, scampering off to sit at the Slytherin table. The process went on for quite a while and Harry registered all the other students, what they looked like and what house they were, the subtle tells of what kind of person they were through their body language.

"Granger, Hermione!" Hermione almost ran to the stool and jammed the hat eagerly on her head, he offered her the same smile and a nod, to reassure her. The hat took longer than the others and he had to wonder what was going on in there.

"RAVENCLAW!" shouted the hat. Hermione looked at the hat indecisively before walking over to the Ravenclaw where they clapped politely to welcome their newest member.

"Greengrass, Daphne!" Once the hat was placed on her, it took only a few seconds of deliberation before it announced.

"SLYTHERIN!"

When Neville Longbottom was called, he was frozen on the spot and didn't seem to be moving. He was broken out of his stupor when Harry tapped him on the shoulders.

"Neville, it's your turn." He whispered. Neville's chest was rapidly heaving. He wasn't ready for this. He wasn't ready to be sorted. He wasn't ready to be a wizard.

He couldn't follow in his father's footsteps.

The disappointed looks of his family when he would return home. He wasn't-

"Hey, look at me. It's okay, take a deep breath." Harry's green eyes were kind and understanding. "Whatever it is you're thinking, forget about it."

"But-"

"Forget it. You're strong, Neville. I believe it. So you need to, okay?"

Neville's laboured breathing was coming back to normal. He hadn't realised it but the trembling in his hands, the sound of his heart beating in his ears like war drums and the rush of blood to his head. He focused on Harry's words. "Alright, are you ready?"

"I'm ready." He swallowed nervously, nodded and stepped forward towards the stool, Professor McGonagall's stern face softened before she placed the hat on top of his head. The hat took a long time to decide with Neville when it finally shouted, "GRYFFINDOR."

Neville breathed a sigh of relief and placed the hat back on the stool and joined the Gryffindor, who cheered and whooped loudly for its newest member.

Malfoy swaggered forward when his name was called and got his wish at once: the hat had barely touched his head when it screamed, "SLYTHERIN!" Malfoy went to join his friends, looking pleased with himself. There weren't many people left now.

"Potter, Harry!" And it was finally his turn, the moment of truth and Naruto was at the high table grinning like a loony. As Harry stepped forward, all of the people who were with him, were astonished. He strode forward, the very picture of confidence, no hesitation in his steps and a smile on his face. Whispers suddenly broke out like little hissing fires all over the hall.

"Potter, did she say?"

"The Harry Potter?"

"He's so cute."

Seeing the giggling faces of some of the older students, he found it in his best interest to avoid them in the near future. He had enough experience with older woman cooing and pinching his cheeks, thanks.

He sat down on the stool, the hat placed neatly over his head and the eager faces of the students was the last thing he saw before he felt something prick at his mind. He briefly thought about putting his mental shields up when he was stopped by a voice.

"Hmm, a difficult mind I see, Mr Potter. You have nothing to fear from me."

"Hello? Am I speaking to the sorting hat?" He enquired cautiously.

"Indeed, I am the Sorting Hat and it is a pleasure to see a mind such as yours." The hat hummed, content.

"I'd shake your hand and introduce myself but seeing as you're a hat and you already know my name, I guess that option is out." The hat chuckled to itself. "Tell me, how are you able to read my mind? You must be an extraordinary piece of magic to be able to do so."

"Rowena Ravenclaw placed a powerful enchantment upon me that allowed me to delve into the minds of the young so that I may sort them, but I see you have already met her, haven't you?"

"Ah, you mind not telling anyone else that?" He said nervously.

"Do not fear, Rowena also enchanted that I not reveal any secrets of any attending students that I sort."

"That's a relief."

"Rowena was very affectionate about you, she spoke fondly about the boy who helped open her mind to new and exciting discoveries." Harry smiled softly at the memory.

"An inquisitive mind, great intelligence and ingenuity, and unpredictable creativity that I've no doubt you picked up from your elder brother. Yes, Rowena would be proud to have you in her house. But that is not all there is to you, is there?"

"Oh I dabble here and there." The hat barked out a throaty laugh however possible that was.

"My, that is quite an understatement, Mr Potter. Few have lived the life that you've had up and acquire all the skills that you possess. You do have quite the ambition there. Your goals are not an easy task to achieve. Some say it might be impossible."

"Never say never." Harry smiled mysteriously.

The hat chuckled once more, never in its life had it met such an interesting student. "Salazar would've marvelled at your drive to pursue your goals. You would be worthy of the name of Slytherin. And yet there is still more about you."

"I see courage, conviction and strength, there is a warrior inside you who seeks justice for those who have been wronged. You are very much like Godric. He was a fearless man and fought every battle with his allies, leading the charge against his foes."

"What good is a leader if he does not protect his followers?" Harry remarked. "Godric risked his life more times than I can count in defence of his brother in arms. He was certainly the most honourable man that I had known."

"That he was." There was a hint of amusement in the hat and Harry suspected that he was enjoying this conversation.

"Ah, but what about Hufflepuff? You are very dedicated, you are intimate with hard work and it shows with your studies in magical combat and your physical conditioning. I dare say that your fixation with training would be near-detrimental to your health but I can see that you will need it. There is a storm coming, Mr Potter, as I have foreseen in your memories."

"I will do everything I can to prevent that." Harry uttered those words with sheer conviction and belief, it wasn't merely a statement but a promise.

"Hmm, but I digress." The hat continued on. "You have a strong loyalty to very few in this world, but it is a loyalty that they have earned through hardships."

"Yes, well, the few friendships that I have, they're the ones I cherish the most. Helga taught me that much." He said wistfully.

"And rightfully so, you hold them close to your heart and feel true love for each of them which does put us in a bind, Mr Potter."

"How so?"

"I do not know where to sort you, you have shown traits that the founders have all coveted the most. In that respect, the decision does not rest with me anymore."

"You mean, I get to choose which house I get sorted into?" Harry said with no small amount of surprise.

"That is correct, Mr Potter."

There was a moment of silence as Harry focused on his decision before the hat hummed thoughtfully.

"Are you sure that is your choice?"

"'Yes."

"Very well, then let it be known that you will be in the house of…"



What do you think? Follow, favourite and review.


>