


Author's Note: This is the sequel to my first fan fiction: I Rather Be Blind (Roman Reigns OC story.) Thanks to all the people who voted on the poll, you made this story come alive. I am excited to bring back one of my favorite future wrestlers, Roman Reigns. and my Lovely OC Lexi. I've started to really love her, she almost feels like a real person to me. There are so many "Lexi's" out in the real world, so she is totally relatable. I'm bringing you guys the first 2 chapters. I have already gotten to the middle of the story, I'll be updated weekly and maybe even daily up until the Rumble. Then I will work on the future chapters for the story.



To give you all a heads up it is now six years later, and Joe is in the WWE. So there will be mentioning of other WWE superstars.



Hope you all enjoy



Here's Chapter 1:




Dear Joey,



If you are reading this letter, it means that I'm gone. I hate that we have to end this way, but you and I both know that this is what is best for the both of us. You have an amazing life and career ahead of you, and I would be selfish to hinder you from having happiness. Just know that I am grateful for everything you have done for me, but it's time for me to move on and find what makes me happy in life other than you. I know that you and me could never be together due to circumstance, but just know I meant every word when I said I love you. That will never change. I hope you don't forget me. Maybe one day we will meet again. Hopefully I'll be able to help you the way you have helped me. I was foolish to fall for you in the way I did. I thought you would be different. I rather be blind, then to know you love someone else, and I am nothing more than a burden to you. I love you and you'll always have a special place in my heart, but it's time I move on. I hope you're not upset with me. I'm just doing what I feel is best, and that is to leave you to live your life. You deserve happiness and peace, unfortunately that's not something I can't give you. I'm so sorry I hope you can forgive me. Goodbye Joe…



6 years later..


"Joe are you sure you have everything?" asked Jessica from their bedroom. Joe was downstairs in the living room. Now in the WWE as Roman Reigns and being one-third of the Hounds of Justice known as the Shield, Joe was packing his bags for a two-week long work schedule. Now living in Tampa Fl, Joe was at the prime of his career. Football didn't work out, so he kept his word and went into the family business. I guess you could say he was pretty happy. He had developed a brotherhood with his two partners Dean Ambrose and Seth Rollins and him and Jessica were now engaged. Isn't it funny how life works? Joe ran back up the stairs taking two at a time, making his way back into his bedroom. Jessica was sitting on the edge of the bed.

"How long are going to be gone?" asked Jessica pouting. He smiled at her reaction.

"Only 2 weeks babe. I'll be home in time for Christmas," he replied. He had live events all this week and next week, and next week Sunday was TLC. He had a crazy workload ahead. He would be spending most of the first week on the west coast then he would be in Texas before TLC and a couple of days after.

"Only two weeks? That's so long. You're saying it like its only two days," she replied.

"Listen it's not that long. I'll be back in no time," he said. He was now looking through their bedroom dresser draws in search for his kneepads. He had just bought the pair a few days ago. It was a brand new pair. 'Where the hell could they be,' he thought to himself as he tossed clothes out of the drawers.

"So what am I suppose to do while you are away for two weeks?" she asked looking in the mirror admiring herself. Joe was getting annoyed. He couldn't find what he was looking for and on top of that Jessica was being whiny and was starting to get on his nerves. He slammed the draws back close.

"You acting like this is new for us. I have done this for over a year now. You should be use to me leaving," he replied never looking at her. If he stayed any longer he would miss his flight. WWE had a no tolerance policy for tardiness. He walked over to the closet and searched around on the floor for them. A sign of relief came over him when he spotted the plastic bag with them inside on the floor.

"Whatever Joe. I'll be fine while you go off and do whatever the hell you want," Jessica replied walking into the master bathroom and slamming the door behind her. Joe just sucked his teeth and picked up the bag. He noticed the shoebox he kept hidden at the back of the closet behind the shopping bag. He smiled and pulled the box out. He kept all his memorabilia from college and high school in that box. Photos, letters, everything from his past were inside. One photo and letter in particular got his attention. It was a photo of Lexi and him at his parent's anniversary party. Lexi had a huge smile on her face, while Joe playfully kissed her cheek in the photo. This photo was over 5 years old. You couldn't even tell that she pissed with him right before the photo was taken. It was stuck in between her folded letter, that she left Joe. He sat on the floor and closed his eyes. When she left he took it pretty hard. He did everything he could to find her, but it was like she dropped off the face of the planet. She had quit her job, none of her counselors had heard from her and her phone was disconnected. She left no trace behind and just like that, she walked out of his life for the second time. However this time around, Joe was sure he wouldn't find her again. He held her letter close to his chest. When he heard Jessica coming out of the bathroom, he stuck the letter and photo into his pocket, and tried to pretend like nothing was going on. He pushed the box back into the closet and closed it.

"Listen babe I gotta go. I'm going to miss you, but I got to do what I got to do. I love you," Joe replied. He gave Jessica a peck on the lips and headed down the steps. He grabbed his bags from the bottom of the staircase, and made his way out the front door. He got into his car, and pulled out of his driveway and into the street. He never looked back.


A few days later..


"Mommy, Mommy," Amelia screamed from her car seat in the back of her mother's 2012 black Audi A7. It was 7:45 a.m. on a Friday morning and she was on her way to school.

"Yes honey," her mother responded looking at her daughter from her rearview mirror.

"Are we still going to see wrestling on Sunday? I told all my friends we are going and they are all jealous." Amelia chuckled. Lexi just smiled at her daughter. She was the only little girl Lexi knew that was so fascinated by wrestling. Other than herself, when she was her age. Amelia would watch it every time it was on television. Weather Raw or Smackdown. She even made Lexi order the PPV's for her. Lexi would have to fuss and fight with her when it went pass her bedtime and she had to go to bed. This would be her first live wrestling event, and Lexi knew Amelia was excited. She knew all the wrestlers, their names and their moves. She knew who to cheer for and who not too. Lexi considered watching it one day with her daughter, but she found herself preoccupied with other things around the house while it was on or getting caught up in work from her job. She had to admit Amelia had changed her life. Now 5 years old, she was the reason Lexi got out the bed in the morning. Lexi turned her entire life around for her daughter. Lexi had kept her word and got her life back on track completely. She went back to school and got her credits, then attended medical school. Right after that she got an internship at Texas Children Hospital and within a year she became a pediatrician for the hospital. She wanted to be able to spend as much time as possible with Amelia since she was a single parent. She even kept her word and got more tattoos too. Along with her Japanese kanji's, she now had Amelia's birthday in roman numerals on her right shoulder, she had a quote reading "Life is not to fear, but to enjoy" on the right side of her upper back. She has a small cross on the back of her neck, only visible if she wears her hair up, a Egyptian peace sign on her right outer ankle, and a folded butterfly under her right collarbone. At the age of 28, she definitely believed she had it all together. After moving out of Joe's apartment, she left Atlanta for good. She knew if she ever would be happy she would have to leave her past behind. She would later discover she was pregnant with Joe's daughter. She knew it was wrong to keep it from him, but she was too embarrassed to reach out, or even talk to him again. The sight of him or the sound of his voice again, would break her heart. What little life she thought she had, she gave to him, and he took it away from her. She couldn't handle the possibility of rejection, so she decided to raise her baby on her own. She had to admit she was doing well for herself; she had her own house, a car, and a good and peaceful life.

Amelia Joelle Santana-Anaoi was born April 17, 2008 at 4:37 in the morning. Nobody was in the room except the doctors and nurses. She carried Amelia for nine mouths by herself and delivered her baby by herself. No family, no friends, no Joe. And she determine to raise her daughter with no family, no friends, and of course, no Joe.

"Yes baby girl, we are still going. I hope you're not being mean to your friends, it's not nice to tease," Lexi responded.

"No mommy," Amelia replied. She smiled lightly at her mother. Lexi pulled up near the school's cafeteria entrance. Now in kindergarten, Lexi was proud to watch her baby grow up. She got out the car, and helped her daughter out of her car seat. She grabbed her daughter's pink Minnie Mouse book bag from off the seat next to Amelia, grabbed Amelia's small palm into hers as they walked inside the cafeteria. Now at the end of fall, the weather temperatures were dropping. The crisp Texas morning wind ran through Amelia and Lexi's hair. Lexi removed her daughter's gray pea coat and white scarf from around her neck and placed it into Amelia's small arms while helping Amelia put her bag onto her back.

"Okay baby, mommy got to go to work. You be a good girl for mommy. I'll see you later okay." Lexi swatting down to look her adorable daughter into her big gray eyes. Amelia looked just like her father. The same long black hair, the same dimples, the same brown skin complexion, the same smile, and those same big gray eyes.

"Yes mommy. I promise," Amelia replied.

"Okay, now where's my hug," Lexi replied. Amelia reached up into her mother's arms and wrapped her arms around her neck. Lexi lifted her up into the air and spun her around. Amelia's sweet scent of baby lavender and honey made Lexi smile. She put her daughter back down. In unison they kissed their index and middle fingers together and pressed their fingers against each other's. It was something they did everyday to signal their goodbyes.

"I love you mommy," Amelia replied with a smile.

"I love you too baby," Lexi said returning the smile. Amelia's teacher walked over with a smile of her own.

"Good morning, Ms. Santana," the brown skin fluffy woman replied.

"Morning, Mrs. Harris," Lexi replied. Lexi spun around and headed back out the door, to her car. She didn't exit the door without catching a last-minute glimpse of her little princess sitting down with her friends. Lexi couldn't help but smile. Lexi knew Joe was really missing out, but it's just the way life goes.



Reviews are Welcomed. And would be appreciated.


>