


Disclaimer: I do not own Naruto or Highschool DxD



Highschool King was devil Naruto, the dark side. Twin Tails is Nekoshou Naruto, the neutral side. This one will be Angel Naruto, the light side. Apparently Angels can fall in love and have sex, but they have to do a super weird and long ritual first. This is my last new story for at least two or three monthes.



Story Start! -Prolouge-


Naruto Uzumaki, Genin ninja of the Hidden Leaf Village, looked down at his village sadly fir the first time in the time he had been here. Naruto knew he was the hero to the village, and after the war he had spent a full year as Hokage before stepping down from his position and handing it over to the person he thought best deserved the job of sitting in an office all day doing almost nothing... Shikamaru Nara. He looked down sadly though because he knew his time was up.

You see, it was not well known by any person other than Naruto himself that he didn't belong here. Naruto had been here on a time limit ever since he had been born. Little did people know that Naruto was actually here on a training trip so that he could experience war, and so that he could learn to create peace. So, his true father had used a special magic to send Naruto into the womb of the previous Kyuubi Jinchuriki Kushina Uzumaki, before he would be put through trials of hardship and pain. He himself had been made into a Jinchuriki, and he had been lonely since both of his (Second) Parents died on that day.

He went through loneliness, pain, sorrow, happiness, heartbreak, anger, and war. Naruto had been given a time limit of 18 years from his date of birth to bring this world to peace, and he had achieved his goal. The war loving ninja of this world were at peace, and Naruto's birthday had come once again. He would now be leaving all his friends behind, as he went back to his True Father, where he would be given his next assignment. Naruto closed his eyes as a warm glow enveloped his body, as his spiky blond hair seemed to glow as a golden halo of light appeared over his head.

'May the Lord bless you all.' Naruto thought as he opened his eyes and kindness shown through the sadness, and Naruto took of his jacket and gently placed it on the ground before he put his Sage Cloak back on. Like magic Six Pairs of Angel wings that were as gold as his Halo came out of his back, and with a powerful flap of his wings he ascended into the sky above. He closed his eyes as the familiar feeling of flying overcame him, and he smiled genuinely. Naruto stopped though just before he reached the clouds, before he looked down at this world one more time. The spell would pull him out of this world any second now, but he wanted to have his last image of this world being his 'home' village from the sky.

Travelling between the World of Sin, and his own world was extremely hard to achieve. It could only be acheived on the Seventh Full moon of every seven hundreth year, on the Seventh minute of the Seventh hour. Only when all those sevens lined up could the spell be acheived, and even then it had a time limit of twenty years max before anything that went through the portal was pulled back out. Naruto's father had used the spell and set the time limit as 18 years instead, and just before Naruto was pulled out of the world he held his hand above his head and created a single ring of golden light. Tossing it to the ground, he stopped it from hitting just above the carving of his head on the Hokage Monument.

He must leave a legacy, or else it would all feel like a lie to him.

Naruto smiled lightly as a gold portal opened up behind him, and he started floating towards it as the gold absorbed him until he was completely gone. With it's job done the portal closed, and Naruto was gone from this world once again. When Naruto opened his eyes once more, he found that he was standing in the Throne Room of Heaven once more. His father sitting on the throne of Heaven with a pleasant smile on his face, while the second in command Angel Gabriel stood next to him with a smile on her face.

"So my son, did you complete your training?" Michael asked with his ever present smile on his face, and Naruto nodded with a smile of his own. Garbiel walked forward, and she hugged him kindly as her voluptious body pressed against his own plutonically. Naruto hugged back as the heavenly smell of her curly blond hair filled his nose, and a golden tear fell from his eye in joy at being back home once again.

"I missed you Father, Aunt Gabriel." Naruto spoke softly as his angelic voice sounded like music to the ears of his family. Unlike Naruto, time had passed by faster here and nearly three hundred years has passed since Naruto had been sent to the Ninja Plane. Naruto opened his eyes in shock when he remembered something. "Father, why are you sitting in the Lord's seat?" Naruto asked with wide eyes, and Michael looked at his son sadly. Naruto was his son, so he held the right to know what had happened to his Grandfather. Yes, as one of the Four Original Seraphs God was their Father, which made Naruto God's Grandson.

"Oh Fishcake..." Gabriel said sadly as she let go of Naruto, and her Halo dimmed in sadness for a second before going bright again.

"Son... Our Lord was killed in the last Great War." Michael said without supercoating the news, and his face stayed the same even though he was also saddened by the news. Naruto's eyes lowered for a second as he morned the loss of his Lord, before he made himself a promise to spread the ways of peace again to this world like he had planned.

"I shall pay my respects the Lord at a later date, but first I must ask why can I no longer feel many of my brethren?" Naruto asked as his sensing ability came into place, and he felt area in Heaven and felt that the number of Angels in Heaven was much smaller than when he had left.

"They have Fallen from grace, and descended into Darkness my son. They have strayed from the teachings of our Lord." Michael told Naruto gently, and Naruto bowed his head as his golden tears fell to the ground. He was saddened whenever an Angel fell from grace, and to know that so many had fallen was a tear jerker for him. He loved every member of his extended family, and he couldn't imagine why they would fall from the paradise of Heaven, and the goodness they did by teaching the Lord's will to Humans.

"Then I shall purify them one day, so that they may be forgiven for their sins." Naruto said with a smile on his face as he wiped his tears, and Gabriel nodded in aprroval at his words.

"If that is what you wish, would you like for me to remove the seal on your mo-" Michael started before Naruto interupted him.

"No, I am not ready for my Mother's blood to become unsealed. I just request that I be given back my blade." Naruto requested, and Michael nodded as a golden magic circle appeared in front of him.

"I have been holding onto this for you since you have left, and I believe that Ascalon is happy you are back." Michael said as the Legendary Holy Sword Ascalon appeared out of the golden circle, and Naruto took in it's appearance for the first time in years. Ascalon has the appearance of a European sword with a reddish purple grip, and a golden hilt with stylized crosses at the edges of the guard. Naruto smiled when the grip landed in his palm, before he gave the sword a few test swings.

Gabriel giggled to herself at the fact Naruto was the one weilding this holy sword, because now it seemed that Excalibur was the only sword that didn't have a proper weilder... then again it was the sword that was seperated into Seven Pieces.

"My son, how long do you wish to stay before going on your first mission? I can arrange for your missions to be put on hold for a small amount of time if you desire." Michael asked, before Naruto looked at Ascalon again with a smile on his face. He didn't need to wait before he started doing tasks, because he was ready for anything that the world had to offer.

"No Father, I need no time before I start my mission." Naruto told him, and Gabriel sighed sadly at Naruto's will to do what was right. He was the perfect example of an Angel, but he was also an Angel that they couldn't afford to have fall. He was the last born Angel child before God had been killed. He was the only child of Arch-Angel Michael... and that woman, which promised him to be a very powerful force. He also spent time in
that
dimension, where he brought peace to a world of sinners and survived a war. It would be no problem for his to request for a break on his Holy duties, and to just allow himself to wind down from a good job done.

"Very well then... as you know the Holy Sword Excalibur was destroyed and was reforged into Seven new swords." Michael told Naruto, since this happened before Naruto left. It was funny because Naruto had left two days before God had been killed, but after the Excalibur had been destroyed. He continued when he saw Naruto nod at that fact. "Yes, well three of the Excalibur blades have been stlen from the Churches they were located at. We have plans to send two Excalibur users, and the Durandal to retrieve them. I have reason to believe that a powerful Fallen Angel is behind this." Michael said with great disappointment in his voice. The fact that a Fallen Angel would steal a Holy Sword was a great crime against god.

"I would be happy to do this mission... where am I to meet these Holy Sword users?" Naruto questioned after a moment when he realized he didn't know the layout of the world anymore. Michael had a small laugh at this fact when he realized that Naruto was out of the loop of went on in this world.

"The Church Headquaters is in Rome my son... now go on Archangel Naruto." Michael stated with a smile as he watched his son turn into golden light and fade away. Gabriel smiled when he was gone, before turning to Michael.

"If he turns... what would you do?" Gabriel asked with some hesitation in her voice. Before going to the World of Sin the son of Michael only had Ten Golden Wings, but now he had Twelve. The same number as his Father, which meant that he could be as strong or stronger than Michael.

Michael just stayed silent as he thought about that himself, because he had no idea what he would do if his son became a Fallen Angel. Naruto's mother was still pissed at Michael for sealing away her blood, and would take the first chance she could get to steal Naruto away and turn him into a Fallen Angel to get back at Michae.

Only time would tell if Naruto fell from grace, or stayed an Angel.


Chapter End.



Naruto mother will be kept a secret, and NO Naruto won't be becoming part of anyone's peerage. The pairing will remain a secret as well, and it isn't open for suggestions. Naruto is allowed to fall in love, but if he has sex without being 100 percent in love then he will become a Fallen Angel. He isn't completely Angel in the first place because *hint* his mother isn't an Angel. Naruto doesn't need to ritual to have sex, because he isn't fully Angel. He can also get away with a bit more because of that.



Please Leave Me Lots Of Nice Long Reviews, But No Flames Please!


>