



Disclaimer: First Chapter




Story Start!



'Finally, with him gone I don't have to worry about any of my peerage becpoming strays and going with him.' Rias thought in relief when she finally knew for a fact that Naruto was no longer in the city, and she slumbed back against the couch in relief at the fac t that such a powerful person wasn't nearby anymore. She was afraid that she was going to start losing hair over the amount of justified stress and fear that being near such a strong angel caused her, and the fact that he was the apparent heir to the Strongest Existence made her uneasy at the fact that she had no defence if he ever did decide to strike her down like the devil she was born as.

From the stories her mother had told her of the 'Golden Child' and the 'Dragon Slayer' he was one of the most blood thirsty Angel children when it came to slaying Dragons and Devils alike in his youth, before he started to calm down when he hit his teens and focused his slaying efforts on only slaying as many dragons as possible. Her peerage didn't grow up like she had with the fear that the Golden Child would come out from under her bed and slay her with his the Ascalon, before taking her head and using it to frighten more devil children by putting a stake through it and sticking it into the ground outside of Heaven to show devils what he would do to them. She could still remember wetting her bed many times because of nightmares that involved one of the most 'evil' Angels of all time chansing her over and over again, before catching her and tying her up before he would cut her head off... she normall woke up around that time to find out that she had wet herself.

Of course, maybe her mother's stories were a bit... biased. She now knew that apparently Naruto and her mother had a history of her chasing after him to try and gain glory by killing him and bringing more fame to the Bael family name at the time. Now she was hearing from Issei that Ddraig had told him that Naruto really did slay dragon after dragon in his youth, which meant that the stories of him slaying Devils could also be true as well, something that had caused her to have a nightmare last night... thankfully she had avoided peeing herself this time by making herself wake up before her head was cut off, and now she finally had a face to put to a name... and a real name to place with that face instead of just his nicknames that he had gained before the end of the war.

Her peerage only saw this... perfect half of the man, but not the blood thirsty half of him that made him one of the boogeymen to thousands of devils all over the Underworld. Of course, nobdoy had ever known his name until recently. Her peerage seemed to refuse to listen to her when she informed them that Naruto was somebody that couldn't be trusted, and even with him gone it was like he was right there turning her own peerage against her. The ONLY person that was 100 percent on her side was Issei, and that was because he hadn't gotten any real alone time with Naruto that would have changed him from who he was. Rias herself had to activally fight the influence of his aura that caused you to want to become a better person, different from who you were.

Seriously, Naruto was SO different from what her mother had told her as a child, and from what Sirzechs had told her when she was a preteen. Of course, Sirzechs had just refered to Naruto as one of the few Angels that he had complete faith in to always be on the side of justice, and that if Naruto was against you then you were in bad guy, end of story. It was the reason that the two of them had been friends in the past most likely.

Instead of the blood thirsty monster she had been told of, he was this empathetic man that told stories that made people become better people, and spread around words of love and understanding. He fixed Yuuto of his revenge streak, he made the emotionless Koneko more emotional and stop hating Senjutsu, and just being around him had taken away the edge of Akeno's teasing, like she was having trouble being her usual self with his aura influencing her to be a less sadistic person. Gasper was growing more confident, and Asia... well Asia seemed to have completely given up on Issei and had moved her romantic affection to Naruto. Which was good for her, sense it would mean that Issei was all hers now, but it was still different than she had been expecting.

The rest of the club seemed to be depressed over the fact that Naruto had left, with the most affected being Yuuto, Koneko, and Asia who looked like the life had been completely sucked out of them now that their crush/hero had left them for who knows how long.

'This is so awkward... I have no idea what to say.' Issei thought as he looked at the others in the room, knowing that it was Naruto's departure that had caused the depression to fall over the room.

"Wow, it seems like this room could use some cheering up." Naruto stated as he flashed into the room with Xenovia at his side and a slightly green face showing that teleporting was not her usual method of travelling around. Rias sighed and nodded in agreement, before her face froze when she frealized just WHO was back in the room. Everyone stared at him in shock for a few moments, before the room was covered in a different kind of awkward silence. Xenovia went opver the trash can and lost her lunch, which seemed to be the signal for everyone to yell out in shock.

"Naruto!" The room shouted with mixed emotions, while some like Koneko and Asia had affection in their tones, those like Akeno and Yuuto had admiration and understanding in their tones. Gasper and Rias were the only to shout it out of pure and utter shock, while the only slightly more couragous Gasper closed his box around himself to keep himself out of view of the man in the room. Naruto rubbed the back of his head, before he opened his arms and was assualted in the form of being hugged from multiple directions by the three he had changed the most.

"I thought you had to leave!?" Asia was the first to ask out of shock when she felt his arms move away from them and he stepped back with a small smile of his own, before he crossed his eyes and tilted his head in a way to convey that he was a bit sheepish.

"I did leave... but I was given the task of staying here until the meeting of the three factions leaders, so until I guess I am stuck with you for awhile." Naruto explained the situation very lightly, knowing that one person in the room wasn't going to like it, but she couldn't very well go against the choice... not when the people involved were the leaders of the three factions, meaning her brother approved of this. She did have no choice but to dash her own hopes of finally being rid of the blond in front of them all, before she noticed that Koneko was drapped over his shoulders and rubbing her forehead into his neck like a loli jacket.

"... Where are you staying?" Rias finally asked with a sigh, while Xenovia stopped getting rid of her lunch and stood back up on shaky legs. Teleportation... really didn't agree with her human stomach, it really didn't agree with most humans from this world that weren't used to going above the speed of sound. The humans from THAT world weren't used to that either, but their bodies handled it much better than those of this world... or maybe it was the fact that his version of teleportation was a lot different, made to fit his unique status as an Angel/Dragon God halfbreed. Either way, her face was looking a little better by the time she was in front of the group.

"We are staying at the Church right now-" Xenovia started before she noticed that everyone was looking at her strangely, before Yuuto decided to be the one to ask the question they were all wondering.

"At the risk of sounding like an ass, why are you even here?" Yuuto couldn't help but question the multicolored haired girl with a confused, but not annoyed expression on his face. The only person that seemed actually annoyed over the fact that Xenovia was here, was Koneko for obvious reasons.

"I am Naruto-sama's guard, so I will be following him around until such a time that I am no longer needed... Michael-sama thinks that it would be best for somebody like Naruto to not travel alone." Xenovia said with a sweat drop when she learned the reason why Naruto almost never travelled alone. Suffice to say, the hidden reason behind why she was guarding Naruto was because he had a pretty bad sense of direction. Once when he was flying on a trip to Italy, he had ended up in Africa instead, a very long distance away from his intended target. Naruto had gotten lost in Heaven plenty of times, and a few times he had even fallen, not in the bad way, from Heaven and landed on the Earth by accident. Yeah, explaining to your father that you literally fell out of Heaven and landed on the planet was hard to explain... and humiliating.

The second reason was that even though he was technically a God, Naruto still needed a guard for 'official' reasons. Most gods had these, the Greek, the Norse, the Japanese, and the Dragon God as well... even though there were only two of those kind, with Naruto himself being one of them. This was so that they wouldn't be attacked when they weren't paying attention, or were sleeping if they needed to do so. Many people would take this as the perfect chance to try and gain fame by killing a god. Guards were set up to spot these attempts, and to stop them as smoothly as possible.

The third big reason was bragging rights, normally guards also served as a reason to brag for gods. Like a giant dick measuring contest, it was all about who had the best guard, or whose guard was the best looking or most unique. Many people did this, and they didn't even have to be gods. Most people in a position of power had a right hand, and that right hand was an extension of themselves in a way. A person that carried out their will so to speak, or who represented what their will truly was. She was Naruto's right hand in a way, and every action she did reflected back to him, so with her being a loyal Christian it helped the Christian faith by showing that there was another Christian god to those that knew the truth.

The final reason was that Heaven was working on a way to create more Angels much like how Devils created more Devils, and she was showing off her skills so that she could have agreater chance of being chosen for the position of becoming an Angel under Naruto's direct command, an honor to be sure. Naruto was one of the four Angels that would be given these experimental methods of turning humans into Angels. Naruto had even stated to her that she would be his first choice for the spot of his first reincarnated Angel, something that filled her up with so much pride that she had nearly tried to have sex with Naruto right there... something that would have turned her into a Fallen Angel the second she tried it in real life, which made her thankful that she wasn't an Angel yet, or she would have had a record for turning from Angel into Fallen Angel.

She just realized that she wasn't perfect Angel material in that moment... and she was okay with that so long as she got to have a bit of fun with Naruto before turning. She could still be a devote Christian as a Fallen Angel... hopefully, she was a little bit iffy on the entire way that Angels turned into Fallen Angels.

"Don't worry about her though, she is more than equipt for the job. With her Durandal she is more than enough for the position, and with six of the Seven Excalibur Fragments in my possession, she will be able to borrow them any time she wants to. My life is in very capable hands." Naruto said with a good amount of trust in his tone, despite the fact that right no Xenovia was completely human. He trusted her, and that was all that mattered to him, even if she was most likely not as strong as he was making her out to be, but it wasn't like he honestly needed to protection. He was just complimenting her because he knew that she would try her very hardest to make sure that he was safe, and he was rewarding such kindness with complimemnts... well, she still had her Gelel Stone inside her body to help her out, and if that wasn't enough she still had his vial of tears to increase her strength for a short while.

"... You know that the Church is abandoned and trashed beyond repair right?" Issei commented dryly, before Naruto and Xenovia nodded lightly at the news. It was a sad thing to see a Church become abandoned, even more so for a person like an Angel or devote Christian, but a Church was a Church, no matter what it looked like on the outside. As an Angel, he woujld always feel more at home when in Church, or in Heaven... or helping somebody out, that felt pretty good for him as well.

'Damnit, I am so going to hate myself in the morning for this.' Rias thought with a hand on her head to get rid of the headache that was coming on before it could go any further. "I don't like to do this for somebody I don't know well... but if you don't have a place to stay, then you can... stay in the club room." Rias offered with grit teeth, before she noticed Naruto smiling at her lightly. He could se this was hard for her, so he would accept this offer so as not to shame her, even if he would be more comfy in some place that had real crosses inside of it.

"God bless you Rias... sorry, force of habit." Naruto said in apology when he noticed that Rias was on the ground holding her head in agony at the fact that he directed a 'God Bless you' at her, while the others winced at how they knew she was going to be feeling that one. Rias was already regretting what she said, but she needed to at least act nice so long as Naruto was here.

'I... really do hate him. I see my mother used to try and kill him in the past, he is really sickeningly nice and thoughtful.' Rias thought in utter annoyance at the fact that this guy was the opposite of everything she was led to believe.

Blood thirsty monster her well shaped ass, this guy was more like a cuddly teddybear than a evil monster hellbent of devouring the flesh of devils.

... What, she had heard some REALLY strange stories as a child about the Golden Child of Heaven.

One thing was for certain though.

This... was going to be a big headache for her.



Chapter End!




Next to Be Updated: Naruto the Twin Tails - The Pure (Then) Naruto the Golden Child




Please Leave Me Plenty Of Nice Long Reviews, But No Flames Please!



>