


AN: ... I don't... I don't know. Why am I like this. Lots of my stories are on hiatus without me saying but... I just... I WANNA FINISH THEM ALL. D: My motivation is just bleh. T^T But. But. I'm trying guys. Not my best nor hardest, but I'm trying... T^T G-Gomen..



Oh, and this is just a rewrite of the chapter, I added more at the end and it's cute ^^ Enjoy darlings 3



-o-o-o-



A Year Later After Kokusai Got The Job


There's... Something wrong with Kokusai. And I can't figure it out. It's fucking frustrating. Like... What the hell do you want me to do?! Tell me! I sigh and bang my head against my desk. One. Two. Three. Fo-

"Chiga-san? Are you okay...?"

"Megumi-san, does it look like I'm okay?"

"Right, right, sorry that was a stupid question, yes." God this chick is annoying.

"Megumi, what is it that you want?" I sit up and rub my forehead with my hand, I do not need this right now...

"S-Sir... Can I have a day off? W-Well, actually, it's more like a week..." She looks fucking terrified. God, I'm not that scary am I?

"And why's that Megumi?" I ask, sighing and sitting up right. "What's next week again, I've been a bit out of it."

"Well... Me and my b-b-boyfriend um..." And her face is a bright red. But. I guess Kokusai would have a similar reaction if he referred to me as his boyfriend. I hid my smirk with dragging my hand down my face. "We wanted to go on vacation together since next week is the festival and we just... Made plans..."

Oh...

My...

Holy fucking shit. I'm dead. It's...

Dammit.

I coughed and then said, face a bit red, "Well, uh, Megumi-san, I was actually going to take that week off as well." Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuuuuuuck. "I will allow it, just get me the papers completed by Thursday."

She gasped and had a big smile on her face. "Th-Thank you Chiga-san!" She walked (or... waddled) out of the room in her high, super high, high heels.

But... Kokusai would look fantastic if he wore those and some-

AND THERE IT GOES. MY MIND. GOES RIGHT DOWN THE GUTTER. I bang my head against the desk. Okay. You can... Maybe, possibly achieve that Chiga, but you've got to make this right. Kokusai thinks that you forgot the festival and that he's wanted to spend time with me all that week. And that the first day of it landed on his birthday. ... Well, I mean, I did forget, but that doesn't mean I can't make it right!

I quickly sat up, determination on my face. I think. All my face did was make Kokusai - who just so happened to walk in at that Very Fucking Moment - laugh out a little bit. I could feel my neck flush, but I made sure it did not reach my face. He did not need to see that.

"K-Kokusai-san! Ah... What are you doing here?"

"I got the two of us lunch, it's your lunch break, isn't it?" He smiled that beautiful soft smile of his and then... I just... Melted.

We sat there, me sitting in my office chair and he was sitting on the edge of my desk. My front desk lady (a.k.a. Shila-san) got to handle all of my calls and then I got to have my one relaxing moment in my day.

... I'll get the plans ready at home tonight... Yeah.

"Chiga? Are you okay...?" I looked up at him, leaning back into my chair. "Because, if you have work you need to take care of - "

"Kokusai-san," I said, placing my hand on his knee. "I sort of, maybe, need you here because this is a rather stressful day for me..."

"Aw, Chiga..." He leaned over and kissed me (far too quickly) and he got up from the table. He grabbed the bag from the floor and placed it on my desk. "I grabbed us some sushi from across the street, you're probably starving." He graced me with his sweet smile and I felt like melting at the sight. He handed me my little foam bento box and I grabbed my chopsticks out of the bag.

He and I ate quietly for the first few minutes, savoring the food. (Note to self, take Kokusai-san out and to this restaraunt because the food is Good.) Then, we talked about mundane, everyday things. I mean. Of course, since it was him, it wasn't mundane, but then we got to talking about the weekend and our future plans. That sort of just outshines "Hi.". And then our plans for tonight sounded even better... I grinned and set my bento down, grabbing his hand and kissing it. He just continued talking... But I could see that he was blushing. I grinned and tugged his hand. He rolled his eyes and turned his body towards me. I just listened absently as he talked about how his grandmother invited the two of us to dinner in month for her birthday and about what we had to do in terms of a present. I just grinned and played with his hand.

"Oi, are you even listening to me Chiga?" He giggled and squeezed my hand. I nodded and bit my lip. He shook his head and chuckled, looking into my eyes. "No you're not." He blushes and I lifted an eyebrow. In a second, his face was an inch from mine. "Wh-What are you thinking about Chiga?"

I blushed and l smiled softly, kissing his forehead softly. "Nothing, sorry, just stuff." I intertwined our fingers together and pulled his face closer to mine. I whispered, "I'd really love to kiss you right now though..."

He giggled and ran his fingers through hair, finally pressing our faces together. Our lips touched and I swore sparks flew... He had that affect on me every time we've kissed.

Now I really have to make his birthday good...


-o-o-o-



AN: didn't edit it, so tell me if there are any problems dears ^^ I hope you enjoyed this chapter - I'll try to get the next chapter out this month. I'll be having a week off sooner or later and so, maybe then I'll binge on this story w Love you all~ Good night.


>