


The Magical Trust


The sunlight was slowly fading before her as the plane glided smoothly over the dark grey storm clouds. There were times she was more than thankful for the 'fly anywhere you want' part of the S.H.I.E.L.D permits that came with this hunk of metal. This was definitely one of those times. The other was when she was allowed to play with the maneuverability of this baby. Who knew such a big machine would handle turns and jostles so well?

But what she liked best about her cockpit was exactly that: it was hers. Besides Coulson, she was the only one onboard with a place she could not only figuratively, but quite literally, lock herself into anytime she wanted – and she had the better view.

This also provided quite a few moments of introspections. She liked the quiet and welcomed it wholeheartedly. No one really dared to bother her here. They knew it was her sanctuary and left her to her thoughts. This is why it was so surprising when Skye simply came in and sat beside her the first time.

The only person to ever freely come and from her sanctum sanctorum was Coulson. Occasionally Ward felt brave enough, but he rarely stayed long, and it was usually to pass along some message.

Melinda May found it interesting when the girl simply sat and looked out ahead, never uttering a single word nor making any obnoxious sounds. She could almost pretend the hacker wasn't even there if she wanted. An hour after she had arrived, she left in the same way. And so it began. Once or twice a week, depending on their mission roster, or how boring it got downstairs, Skye would come up to the cockpit and sit in the co-pilot's seat to stare at the blue beyond. Neither ever spoke, nor barely acknowledged each other.

Today she was as surprised, but much more pleased than that first occasion. Today she felt relieved to see the girl.

Two days ago they had rescued Phil Coulson from the hands of Centipede. Yesterday they had gotten him back from the hospital. Everything was still very fresh on all their minds, even, and perhaps especially, May's apparent throwing of Skye under the bus. If Ward, who had expressed his trust in her before, hadn't known better, what's to say of the girl with whom she had butted heads constantly?

But Skye came in and sat down right where she always had. She pulled her legs up to her chest as she always had, and she stared out the windshield.

After an hour and a half had passed Skye got up and made her way to the exit. This time she didn't exit straight away and paused at the closed door. May tensed and waited. Without turning around, Skye spoke, "Just give me a hint next time, would you?"

"Next time you won't need one."

"Right…"

May relaxed, "S.H.I.E.L.D. basic training Skye: Know your team's weaknesses and strong points. Trust each other. Next time, you won't need a hint."

"I'll keep that in mind. Good night."

A smile threatened to appear at the corner of May's mouth. "Good night."

>