



One shot





Disclaimer : I do not own Fairy Tail nor do I profit from writing FanFiction.





Pairings : Natsu/Gray (main), NaLu, LoLu, LyoRay





Rating : M for future lemons





Warnings : Yaoi, Shounen Ai, BL, whatever you call it. If you are triggered or disturbed by images of two guys kissing, I apologize and suggest you leave.





Natsu x Gray, established relationship. Unbeta-ed. Mulitichaptered.






Prologue



"Shitty flame!" Gray grinned widely, making his way towards the table Natsu and Lucy were seated at.

"What, pervy exhibitionist?" Natsu returned the grin with one of his own.

"I finally found a buyer! He was a total creep, but he bought my house by a high price so I don't care." Gray continued gleefully, "I never expected to profit that much."

Natsu frowned upon hearing that. "A creep? You're letting a creep live in the house you once lived, bathed and slept in?"

"Yup, so what? I mean," Gray sat down between the two and slung his arm over Natsu's shoulders, "I'm moving in with you, aren't I?"

Natsu immediately brightened, "Guess so!" Then he yanked Gray's head over and kissed him hard. Pulling away, he smirked at Gray's flushed cheeks. "Think of all the possibilities ~"

Lucy groaned loudly. "Aww, can you guys tone it down a little? Sure it was kinda cute in the beginning but now, seeing you guys in lovey-dovey mood 24/7 is really annoying."

Gray leaned in towards Lucy and teased, "Jealous, Blondie?"

The celestial spirit Mage pouted, "Maybe."

Visibly surprised, Natsu inquired, "Why? Aren't you dating the world's most hopeless romantic, Loke?"

Lucy stared at the ground, looking downcast. "Not anymore."

"Wait what? You guys broke up? You're like perfect for each other, that's stupid!" Gray exclaimed. "Does that horny lion need some ass-kicking?"

Lucy replied forlornly, "It's not his fault. It's me."

"You? How come?"

"We would never have worked out. He doesn't have what I'm searching for in a man, I guess."

"
Loke
doesn't? He's the most desired man of Fiore, just how high are your requirements?" Gray looked honestly perplexed. "I still think it's silly, I've never seen Loke happier than the day he announced that the two of you were going out."

Lucy shrugged sadly, "I think I really do love him, but dating a celestial spirit just saps the energy from me, it's really taxing. I suppose I just don't love him enough."

"So... In your opinion, love isn't the most primary aspect of a romantic relationship?" Gray asked. "I don't understand." He turned to his boyfriend, "I don't suppose you do either, you stupid head of pink hair."

Natsu did not reply. He simply stared at Lucy, too stunned to move.

"Natsu?" Worried, Gray shook him softly. "Earth to Natsu? Do you copy?"

Finally snapping out of it, the dragon slayer opened his mouth, but he couldn't find any words to say. He swallowed, and found his voice at last. He directed his eyes towards Lucy, hoping to convey the things he wasn't able to voice out loud. "I'm... We're with you, Lucy."

Lucy looked at him and smiled sincerely, "Thank you."

Gray stood up then, "Well, I'm not going to stay around and gossip, I still have matters to attend to, what with the property selling and all. I won't be back until nightfall. See you. Love you, Natsu."

Hearing the last sentence, Natsu recoiled, looking like he had just been hit with a ton of bricks. "Ye... Yeah. Love you too, Gray."

When the ice mage's footsteps faded and his figure disappeared out of sight, Lucy pulled her seat closer to Natsu's.

She flicked her tongue, moistening her lips. Natsu's eyes followed her every movement.

Then she leaned in and reached out, placing her hand on Natsu's and caressing his hand gently. "I sincerely hope that I didn't misinterpret that look you gave me, Natsu. And well, since you're not pulling away, I guess my hunch was correct."

Lucy bit her lip. "Please understand that this is making me feel really bad, I don't want to hurt Gray. But..."

At the mention of Gray's name, Natsu stiffened. Then he made a quick and rash decision. He silenced Lucy with a kiss, his lips molding over hers.

Natsu was in heaven inside. Just how long had he waited for this, for the feeling of Lucy in his arms, her scent, her soft skin, and just her in general. How long had he harbored this unrequited love.

When their lips parted, Natsu tightened his hold on Lucy's hand. "Gray won't be home until the night. Come with me."




Please drop me a review, even if it's just a smiley face, it'll mean the world to me.





-Dreams



>