



Disclaimer : I do not own Fairy Tail nor do I profit from writing FanFiction.





Pairings : Natsu/Gray (main), LyoRay, LoLu (so minor you won't even notice it)





Rating : M for sexual content.





Warnings : Yaoi, Shounen Ai, BL, whatever you call it. If you are triggered or disturbed by images of two guys kissing, I apologize and suggest you leave.





Natsu x Gray, established (broken, and patched-up) relationship. Unbeta-ed. Multi-chaptered.






Chapter 18 - To Change (Ending N)



Lying on the mattress, facing each other, Gray smiled and stroked Natsu's pink hair affectionately. He announced happily, "I changed my mind."

His lover looked inquiringly at him while leaning into the gentle touch subconsciously.

"Before, I would never let you see me like this. I was so self-conscious, so insecure, so sure that your love for me wasn't one hundred percent. I feared letting you know that I loved you to the point of no return."

Gray chuckled softly. "I suppose my inkling had been correct - you did not love me back then - not like your love for Lucy."

Chewing on his bottom lip ferociously to prevent himself from butting in, Natsu simply nodded guiltily.

"That doesn't bother me now. I had all the reassurance I needed." Gray wrapped his arms around Natsu's torso, "You're just as much smitten with me as I am with you - almost dangerously so."

Natsu smiled weakly. "We both have it bad, don't we."

"Terrible," Gray replied, starting to snicker.

And for some reason Natsu began doing the same.

Fighting down his laughter, Gray declared, "If we're going to Porlyusica, we're going together." He pondered for a split second then continued, "On second thought, let's not. So what if we're not the most sane of couples? We'll work something out. We always do."

Nodding, Natsu grinned back.

They snuggled close, inhaling each other's scent, basking in each other's presence.

After a while, Gray murmured under his breath, "Natsu?"

"Hmm?"

"Nothing, just confirming you're still there. That I'm not dreaming - I'm awfully drowsy."

Natsu pulled him even closer, if that was even possible with their current proximity.

"Gray, I'll always be by your side. Always."

Gray let out a soft hum, one foot already in dreamland.

Natsu grinned yet again and pecked him on the nose.

"Forever."




Three months later



"Booze! Where's the booze? What party has no booze?" Cana drawled, obviously already drunk out of her mind.

"It's not a party, it's a manly ceremony!" Elfman reprimanded her.

Evergreen fanned herself and commented, "You finally used that word correctly. This ceremony is certainly...manly." She chortled loudly.

"Shush, the three of you! It's rude." Freed looked unbelievably serious. "This is an important event."

Lisanna nodded in agreement.

"Look, they're almost finished."

On the stage of the guild hall, a dragon slayer and an ice Mage fidgeted again and again.

Gray hissed under his breath, "You ash for brains! I knew I shouldn't have agreed to this!" He surveyed the crowd, "This is embarrassing as hell. Now on your knees, you dolt!"

Natsu clumsily knelt down on one knee. He brought a velvet box out from his pocket, "Holy shit. I think we're doing it wrong."

Rolling his eyes, Gray snapped at him, "You think?"

Pouting childishly, Natsu told him, "But I wanted to skip engagement!"

"Just... Just get it over with."
My cheeks are on fire, dammit. Stop. Blushing!


Opening the box with a loud snap, Natsu proceeded to yell at the top of his lungs, "GRAY FULLBUSTER, WILL YOU MARRY ME?"

The guild went quiet - one could almost hear a pin drop.

Gray's already red face flushed even further, "You... Simple-minded, unicellular, pea-brained, stupid..." Noticing that all eyes were on him, he quickly burst out, "Just put the stupid ring on me! Shitty Flame!"

Natsu was grinning like he just won the lottery.

"I love you, Gray!" He shouted as he slipped the flame ring onto Gray's ring finger - where it belonged.


Never take that ring off again, Gray.


Gray forcefully pushed the ice ring in his hands onto Natsu's finger, ignoring his yelp of pain and surprise. "Whatever. Love you too. You're such a - Whoa!"

Before he could react, his lover had swept him off his feet. A strong hand supporting him, he shut his eyes as he was kissed senseless.

The guild broke into a roar of applause.

Makarov guffawed as he announced, "I declare Natsu and Gray married!"

Clapping hard, Lucy turned to Erza, wiping tears from her eyes. "Wait, no marriage vows? And they skipped engagement? What even-" she burst into laughter.

Erza pulled her into a warm embrace. "I'm happy for those two."


Thank goodness she's not wearing armor.


Lucy hugged back, "So am I."


I wonder if Loke will ever take me back.


With a supportive and knowing smile, Erza tightened the embrace. "I'm sure he will."


"Was it really okay not to invite him?"

With a firm nod, Gray answered, "Yes. The invitation would deal even more damage. I sent him a letter informing him, if he wanted to come, he would have. Instead, he chose to leave for another mission." He cast his eyes to the ground, "I'm glad he didn't. I don't want to see him hurt- even more so if I'm the reason."

"Gray..."

"I'll head over to Lamia Scale once he returns. We'll both have cooled down, and we can have a nice talk. I still need to apologize."

Natsu buried his head into Gray's neck.

"You've changed."

Gray smiled, "For the better."

"Lyon aside," Natsu pushed Gray onto their bed, "We just got married."

Blushing lightly, Gray whispered, "Yeah. We did."

They exchanged a chaste kiss.

"I love you."

"I know."

"I love you."

"I
know."



"
I love you!
"



"
Do me a favor, Natsu. Shut up and kiss me."



Ending N.






Double update, and an ending to boot!





I'm not sure I wrapped things up nicely enough, (and I didn't get a lot of feedback for the previous three chapters - am I doing something wrong? T.T) but this was exactly what I had planned when I started the story. This kind of cheesy ending, short and sweet.





There was only supposed to be one ending, but due to popular request, I decided to write another one, ending L (Lyon, duh.) But that might confuse you guys because the story wouldn't continue from here. It would pick up somewhere a few chapters back. So I'm considering not uploading it.





I don't know, you guys help me decide. I admit, I developed Lyon and Gray's relationship too much to just let it all go to waste. I feel sorry for poor Lyon!





If I do upload chapters and Ending L, I'll probably edit the N chapters and add "(N)" to the chapter titles so you guys know where two different endings branch off.





I'm still considering.




Please review! Tell me whether you think Ending N was good or bad, and give me your thoughts on whether or not to write out Ending L.



- Dreams.


>