

This is not a chapter to say the least, this is an announcement on the fate of the story 'The Fox and the Female Wolverine'.

After looking the story over carefully and looking at the reviews, good and bad, I have decided that I will soon be making this into a full on story. I will make the needed changes in the future and give it a full on makeover as a full story with the whole nine yards of work.

Now just so we are clear, the pairing is still going to be Naruto with Laura, no deviations and I am going to stick with that since this was the idea from the story when I made this one shot. I will take the time to make the relationship work between them as it is fairly obvious that from the very beginning Laura does not take well to Naruto. And the fact she tried to gut him is also something that Naruto is not going to forget any time soon. They will have time to develop into a couple and I will have to make sure that I can work hard enough to make it realistic.

Mind you, Laura, being raised in the Facility and stripped of almost all human contact like in the mainstream comics (Not the Evolution version) is going to be the stoic and reserved type of person, so Naruto has got his work cut out for him. So don't expect them to hit it off right away and they will have their own adventures alongside Sarah in avoiding the Facility's goon squads before meeting up with the X-men. So in hindsight, Laura will not be going after Logan JUST yet and neither will Sarah and Naruto let her go off on that matter.

Once they do go to meet the X-men, it will be rather interesting to say the least since Naruto will make it clear he has NO plans on being separated from Sarah and Laura and would even stand up to Steve Rogers when he shows up alongside Daredevil. They won't be the only ones either as you can bet that he will not take kindly to Julian and his actions towards Laura. Laura in her case would eventually become a student of sorts to Naruto before they go further in the relationship area.

Why?

The fact is that his attempt to snap Laura out of the berserk haze induced by the trigger scent through his chakra has made one hell of a change in her and she now is the only known Mutant with chakra and a fully functional chakra circulatory system. Mind you it will not be as potent as Naruto's but it will give Laura a new boost in combat terms. But due to her not having any prior training and experience with the energy, Laura's control will be shoddy and random at best, and at worst, highly unreliable, hence the training under Naruto.

Julian and company will naturally not be pleased to have a flatscan in the campus but will be in for a surprise since this is Naruto we are talking about, and I do plan to have Naruto at full tank with all I wrote in Naruto Alpha but I plan to also include the power of the Sage of the Six Paths in him from the manga. So you can bet he will hardly be easily cast aside in a world where there are literally Kekkai Genkai users everywhere.

As for the lemon bit...we'll get there when we can.

...

This story also got me into thinking of using an OC based on Naruto and Laura eventually being a couple and having kids who will have adventures of his or her own in other universes since let's face it, Marvel characters usually go to alternate realities and dimensions on their adventures so why not this one?

Hope to see you all soon on this story and please PM me your suggestions and ideas. Flamers however can go and leave cause I will not entertain your comments.

>