

Second Life 4

Mark asked as he entered his house, a house he had not lived in for almost seven years; looking at a woman he hadn't seen in just as long. She had aged beautifully over the last seven years. Her hair was longer and was brunette with red highlights and dark-lights that made her hair glow when the setting sun hit it. She had filled out slightly, while still staying fit. She had curves, not only on her body, but on her face. She had a small smile as she stood in the middle of his house her hands wringing the other in front of her.

She watched him as he watched her, just soaking in his appearance. She had missed him so much, she just wanted to run and kiss him senseless, but she held back, he needed to make the first move. Abby sensed this and pushed her dad forward, causing him to stumble forward before his legs carried him across the remaining space between him and Elektra. He would have started running, had she been any farther, but she wasn't and he soon found himself hugging her, holding her in his arms as her arms circled his neck and gave him a kiss that trumped the last one they shared. Abby just shook her head and headed into the kitchen, hearing the timer that announced that dinner was ready. She pulled it out of the oven to cool before leaning against the doorway, watching the two adults embrace, with Elektra's face in her father's neck.

"I missed you." He breathed into her hair. He felt her smile against his neck before she pulled back to look him in the eye.

"I missed you too," she told him before kissing him softly. She took his hand and pulled him into the kitchen and dinner.

The three of them ate in silence, everyone felt peaceful for the first time in a long time. When the food had been eaten, Abby did the dishes while her father pulled Elektra to the living room and onto the sofa. She originally went to sit next to him, but he pulled her into his lap and tilted them both sideways and spread his legs to where they were on either side of her legs, his arms wrapped around her while their fingers linked together while their hands rested on her stomach. Elektra sighed and thought to herself
this is so much better.
She leaned her head back against his shoulder and kissed the underside of his jaw.

She was so comfortable that she fell asleep, and turned further into him and the back of the couch. He was just content to hold her until Abby came into the room and said goodnight to her father. He smiled and lifted the small, yet strong women into his arms and carrying her to bed, remembering a time at the beginning of their journey when Abby told him about her nightmares from when they shared a room at Stick's camp. He hoped her sleep would be peaceful tonight. He pulled off her shoes and pants, leaving her in her shirt and pulled a pair of sweats over his legs before discarding his shirt and spooning up behind her.

With Elektra finally in his arms he fell asleep rather quickly and their sleep was peaceful.

Abby was the first up, followed by Elektra. The two did a quick morning workout before Abby practically pushed Elektra back into her father's room, saying she would be gone for most of the day and they should do couple-y things until dinner.

Elektra laughed before following the suggestion of the young girl. She shed all of her clothes and climbed into bed next to the sleeping man. Well he wasn't asleep, but pretended to be to see what she would do. He didn't realize she was naked and pulled her to him and started to kiss her neck, he moaned when he realized she wasn't wearing the shirt from last night and she smiled before removing his pants and underwear. They made love for the rest of the morning, stopping to eat before returning to the bed until Abby came home. She left them alone and let them bask in their love for the rest of the night.

She and her father had Elektra and Elektra had them; life was good.

Elektra gave her the beads and sai blades on morning while Mark slept, and Abby smiled before hugging Elektra, saying she hoped she'd become her step daughter soon, to Elektra's amusement and she replied that she hoped to become a step mom someday soon as well.

>