


Nimbusted



I do not own the Harry Potter characters or stories. (I wish) They belong to J.K. Rowling. I only own the idea of the story.



Chapter 1: Shocked


What a feeling! Ice cold rain was falling onto Harry's damp face while he was flying higher into the sky on his state of the art nimbus 2000. He was playing his first game of Quiddich for the year and he could not have been happier. It was Harry's third year at Hogwarts and although he was having some troubles because of the dementors that keep popping up around the school he was much happier flying. Harry noticed a small headache in the back of his head. Be shrugged it off as not having enough water and went on with the game.

Just as he was just about to turn around and circle close to the ground to look for the snitch he saw it. It was a quick flash of gold and the Hufflepuff seeker was rushing after it. Harry shot forwards at once. He could hear the cheers from the crowd as they realised that the snitch had been spotted. He felt a leap of triumph that Ron, Hermione and Lupin were watching.

Harry had grown to like Professor Lupin, as he could tell him stories about his parents and was helping him to fight against dementors.

He was flying higher and higher into the air, the rain chilling him to the bone. He felt a lot colder than he thought was possible and was shivering on the seat of his broom. '
Must be this stupid headache '
Harry mused.

Harry held out his hand as the snitch came close enough for him to reach out and grab it. There was a crack of thunder so loud Harry felt his broom vibrate and a bolt of lightening the shot down between Harry and the other seeker missing them both by inches. Harry heard the sound of the other seekers broom zoom off back towards the ground, obviously not wanting to take a chance with the lightening hitting him. Harry however, would not give up that easily.

Now that he was in the clouds it was very dark and loud with the sounds of rain and thunder. It was so loud that Harry didn't hear Madame Hooch call off the game due to bad weather. Harry's headache was growing as his height was putting pressure on his body. Inches away from his face was the snitch, just as he was about to clasp his fingers around the snitch lightening leapt out from the cloud in front of his and struck him.

He felt this strange sensation like he was on a massage chair that was out of control and he let go of the broom. Air rushed through his hear and he could hear the sound of his rob flapping in the wind, his pain was becoming horrible and he could feel himself twitching on the way down.

HP PINECONE5 HP

"Professor Lupin!" Hermione screamed. Lupin reeled around in time to see Harry falling to the ground. He quickly swore under his breath and ran out of the spectator stands with Hermione and Ron in close pursuit. He made it to the field and was sprinting whilst trying to get his wand free from his pocket in time to conjure the '
alasto momento'
spell which would have stopped Harry hitting the ground, but his wand was stuck.

Harry was tumbling down doing small flips in the air as his body fell uncontrollably. No sooner had Lupin freed his wand from his pocket Harry hit the ground hard. They all heard a sickly crack as he hit the ground on his back. His head bobbing twice against the ground and then he was still.

Lupin, Hermione and Ron were still sprinting towards Harry. Lupin was the first to get to him; as he knelt down by the boy's side he turned white.


Thanks to everyone that is reading. I hope to get the next chapter up soon. Please review!



Thanks P


>