


*Lumos* I would love to say a BIG thank you to everyone who has followed, read and reviewed this story. You all are awesome! So thank you, again! *Nox*


"What is all the yelling? You're going to wake the whole castle!" Madame Pomfrey cried as she rushed across the room to the bed where the commotion was coming from.

"He's...he's!" Remus was choking on his words, "He's coughing up blood." His last word was merely a whisper and he looked back to Harry who was now lying back on his pillow with his mouth open and his eyes closed breathing hard.

Madame Pomfrey rushed over to their side. She gasped and placed a hand to her mouth. "Remus sit him up!" she ordered as she rushed into her store cupboard.

By now there was a small group forming around Harry, this was made up for the students who were in the hospital and had small injuries, which allowed them to get out of bed. Remus gently put his arm around Harry's back and whispered, "I'm just sitting you up, alright?"

Harry tried say yes but as he was speaking he coughed and more blood appeared. "Don't talk, Harry." Remus cried, grabbing the sheet and dabbing around Harry's mouth. As soon as Harry was in a sitting position Madame Pomfrey ran back over.

"I have alerted Severus to come at once with a couple of potions. Here is a cloth and some water to wipe his face down." She said as she handed over a little white bowl to Remus.

Harry's sheets were now stained red along with his pillow and pyjamas and he was shaking in his sitting position.

He closed his eyes, straining to keep back another coughing fit. He let out two chokes and could not hold it anymore, he started coughing again. '
This isn't happening!'
He thought. Harry could feel Remus's arm around him patting his back. As soon as he was finished coughing a wet cloth came up to his face and dabbed around his mouth.

Harry opened his eyes for the first time in ages and noticed that there was blood everywhere, which made his insides turn. He looked into the eyes of his worried guardian, Remus and whispered "I'm dying."

Remus patted Harry's head and whispered back, "No, you're not dying. I am not going to let that happen."

Another voice spoke from the crowd around Harry's bed, "What do you mean he isn't dying! Can't you see all of the blood? He's on deaths door!" Harry and Remus wearily looked up to see who the voice that spoke was. It was none other than Draco Malfoy; he had a sling around his arm, a couple of bruises on his face and his unmistakable smirk.

Remus was furious, "Go back to bed...ALL OF YOU!" He boomed.

Madame Pomfrey ran over to the crowd hustling them back to their beds and yelling at Draco Malfoy.

Remus turned back to Harry, "Don't listen to him, Harry. He doesn't know what he is talking about."

Harry knew that there was no point in trying to argue with his guardian, so he just lay there. Five minutes passed with the occasional coughing fit, but every time Remus was there to help. Just as Harry had stopped coughing for the fourth time the doors to the Hospital Wing burst open and Severus Snape barged into the room.

His cold black eyes gazing around the room until he found Remus and Harry and he charged over to them. As soon as he got to the bed there was a glint of concern in his black eyes, which quickly changed back to his normal cold look.

He face curled a slight smile, "Seems as though you have gotten yourself into another pickle, Potter."

"Oh! Severus, thank goodness you are here. As you can see we are having a bit of trouble." Madame Pomfrey said as she ran across the room to them all.

"Mm, yes..." he said as we opened the brown bag that he was carrying and brought out three potions. He handed the first to Remus, "This one is the calm down his fever."

Remus sat Harry up and made him drink it. Instantly; huge beads of sweat appeared on his face, showing that the fever had been broken.

Snape handed another potion to Remus, "This one, is going to start to heal his lungs. I think they are the reason why Mr. Potter is having these troubles. And this last potion is just a normal sleeping draught. But, I suggest before he takes that potion we clean up his sheets and clothing."

Remus picked Harry up and took him behind a curtain that Madame Pomfrey spelled into the room. There he took off Harry's soiled pyjamas and put another pair of clean ones on. Madame Pomfrey cast a spell of Harry's bed sheets and they automatically cleaned themselves.

As soon as Harry was in bed he took the other potions and his eye lids suddenly started to droop. He was awake long enough to hear the adults talking in a whisper over his bed, and then he was asleep.


Thanks for reading, please review!


>