

A Rainbow No More

By Flying Sky High


A/N For those of you who read Rainbows are for Fillyfoolers, this story has the same target: To make you sad. This is intended for deep thinkers, and for those who want emotion. Here we go.


Rainbow Dash flew through the clouds. She raced the wind, she soared over the town of Ponyville, and she watched the ponies below go about their daily activities.

She loved the feel of the wind in her mane. Every individual molecule in her body craved it; she craved the feeling of flight. It was her heaven, her realm, and most times she never wanted to leave it.

Her wings were getting tired, so she swooped down to rest. She landed in front of Fluttershy's cabin, and looked in the window.

Fluttershy was laying on the couch, reading a book. She had Angel on her head.

Rainbow didn't want to bother her, but she really wanted to tell her something.

She desperately tried to keep herself from the door... To no avail.

She knocked. Fluttershy jumped in fear, a truly pure expression of fright masked her face. Rainbow heard her squeak, then get up and walk to the door.

"Umm... hi, Rainbow... "

"Hi, Fluttershy! Guess what?"

"...what?"

"Guess!"

"Ok, umm... you... won something?" asked Fluttershy timidly.

"No."

"Oh, sorry... did you... lose something...?"

"NO!"

"OH! Oh, oh... sorry sorry sorry..."

"Never mind. Well, what are you doing?" asked Rainbow.

"I was reading a book," replied Fluttershy.

The book was nowhere to be seen, as it had been thrown across the room.

Rainbow just trotted inside.

She sat down while Fluttershy went searching for her book.

Rainbow finally got the nerve to actually say what she had come to say.

"Fluttershy... I came here for another reason, actually."

"Oh, you did? What's that, if you don't mind me asking...?"

"...I have... a
crush
on Applejack."

"OH. That's... but you're such close friends... I don't know, Rainbow..."

"I can't help myself! Every time we hang out, I get this feeling, like, I have to touch her mane, and, and look into her eyes, and..."

Now she was starting to cry. She covered her face with her hooves, and Fluttershy flew over.

"But if you think it would work... you can tell her... I'm just afraid for you."

"But... but I think she likes me back cause, cause she... she keeps looking at me..."

"So maybe it will, I don't know."

Rainbow was on her way to Sweet Apple Acres. She was ready to tell her.

Although, a part of her was afraid.

Which side was bigger?

>