


A Rainbow No More- Chapter 11



This is about to get crazy.



I don't know a lot (or anything) about guns, so, no flaming, or any kind of correcting, please. It's not worth your time.



R&amp;R;!



Woot!



Rainbow aimed her missile at the incoming jets. She captured one in her crosshairs, and pulled the trigger.

A loud bang rang out, followed by a fizzing sound. A long, white rocket was launched from the barrel. The jet tried to evade it, but the missile made contact. The jet exploded, leaving a trail of smoke and fire behind it as it barreled toward the sea. The sound was immense.

Unfortunately, the pilot had ejected, trailing down to the water like the ash of a napkin.

A spray of bullets suddenly shot in the pilot's direction, and he was blown to rags of flesh and blood. The water turned a faint red where he landed.

Rainbow glanced at Applejack, who raised a hoof in success.

Then she realized the other jets were still out there. She loaded another long rocket into the cannon, and locked on to four of the other planes. When she pulled the trigger, the rocket shot away, but then it split into four little ones with a big one in the middle. Two of the jets were caught before they could eject, and the other two were blasted to powder by the combined forces of Rainbow and AJ. The fifth missile flew on, but it soon burst into thousands of tiny pieces, ripping the wings of three more, sending them to sleep with the fish.

It was glorious.

The remaining twelve soared above the ship, raining bullets downward.

One dropped a long, shiny thing.

Rainbow turned to instinct. She shot upward, and caught it. It was blazing hot, like an oven, but she flew directly upward until she saw a plane flying below her.

She dropped the bomb.

The jet swerved down toward the ship. The bomb hit its engine, sending it spiraling to the earth...

But just as it was about to explode, another plane rammed directly into it, sending the explosion over the boat and into the ocean.

"This is starting to seem like a fiction story," said Rainbow, as she landed.

"I know, right?" replied Applejack.

Rainbow couldn't spot the other aircrafts.

But she couldn't spot
anything
when something small slammed into her stomach. She looked at herself.

There was a massive, oozing hole where she had been hit.

"Hey, now I can say that I've-" But she passed out.

"RAINBOW!" Applejack galloped over, forgetting the laws of war.

"Rainbow, please! Speak to me!" She yelled in Rainbow's face. Rainbow just lay limp, barely breathing.

"DON'T WE HAVE MEDICS?!" She ripped her pants leg off, pressing it to her friend's wound.

The dark fabric moistened with blood, so she ripped more off.

Meanwhile, the remaining jets screamed overhead.

Rainbow woke up, still on the boat, bleeding to death.

"Applejack- thank you, but, I don't think you can... save me," she croaked.

"Yes, I can- you wait and see... Or so help me..."

"AJ?"

"Yes?"

"Tell me the truth..."

"About what?" She was getting more scared, as bombs landed, destroying the ship, killing her team mates.

"Are you guilty?"

"...Should I be?"

"Look behind you."

"No."

"Do it!"

"NO!"

"Ok, then... goodbye, AJ..."

Applejack suddenly pressed her lips against Rainbow's.

...but Rainbow didn't kiss back.

Her lips were soft and limp. They had grown cold.

When Applejack looked at Rainbow's face, she lost all hope for the future.

Her face was pale, and her eyes stared into the sky, unblinking.

Applejack looked into them, shocked.

She had been left ignorant to Applejack's feelings.

For she was a Rainbow no more.

>