



Romantic Bleach Drabbles: Throwbacks




Disclaimer:
Bleach belongs to Kubo Tite, not to me.


Author's Note:
A set of drabbles I was doing as throwbacks to include in my second set of 100 drabbles as bonus content. Having scrapped this idea completely, I've decided to remove them from the second 100 and put all the throwbacks into one stand alone story. Includes the five previously posted drabbles plus the sixth and final throwback.
Throwback 1 - Byakuya x Yuzu ~ Byakuya rescues the young Kurosaki twin from a Hollow attack.


Hero


Kurosaki Yuzu stumbled as she ran from the monstrous Hollow that had hunted her and her twin down. Somewhere along the way the twins had gotten separated, much to Yuzu's dismay. She was the only Kurosaki that had limited spiritual ability. Alone with a Hollow, Yuzu knew she was completely useless. All she could do was try to escape it and pray her brother or father sensed the Hollow.

The ground beside her exploded and Yuzu went stumbling again to avoid being hit by flying concrete and debris. She landed with a yelp and the Hollow let out a triumphant howl and lunged for her.

"Chire, Senbonzakura."

Yuzu's eyes widened as the Hollow was attacked by what looked like thousands of sakura petals. All things considered, Yuzu couldn't help but find it a beautiful sight. She sat there, unmoving, until the Hollow was defeated. She knew her hero wasn't her father or brother. As much as she loved them, Yuzu knew they weren't capable of fighting with such a beautiful attack. She scrambled to her feet in hopes of catching a glimpse of her hero.

She was not disappointed by what she saw. Dark haired and handsome, Yuzu's cheeks turned a faint pink as she took in the long haired Shinigami's black and white clad form walking away from her. "Wait!"

The Shinigami stopped but did not say anything.

Yuzu took a few steps towards him, taking in the black emblem on the man's haori. She recognized it from some of the things her father had taught her about the Gotei 13. "You're a taichou, aren't you?" she asked hesitantly.

"How do you know about taichou, child?" the Shinigami asked.

Yuzu's cheeks burned red. "I'm not a child! I'm almost fifteen!" she said defensively.

A faint smile played on the Shinigami's lips. "You are still a child yet. How did you come by your knowledge of Shinigami?" Despite his faint smile, his tone was serious and slightly cold.

"My father told me. He thought I should know because he and Ichigo are Shinigami."

"Kurosaki Ichigo?"

Yuzu nodded vigorously. "You're from the sixth division, aren't you? That would make you Rukia-chan's brother," she pressed on.

"I am Kuchiki Byakuya," the man said.

"Oh! I'm Yuzu. I just... I wanted to thank you for saving me, Kuchiki-san. You're... you're my hero!"

Kuchiki Byakuya's eyes widened slightly, unsure of what surprised him more – the fact that he was the hero of a Kurosaki or that a Kurosaki had addressed him with an honourific.

"Yuzu!" Yuzu and Byakuya both looked in the direction of the new voice to see Ichigo heading towards them.

Yuzu turned back to Byakuya. "Please come back and see me so I can thank you properly, Kuchiki-san!" she said quickly.

Before Byakuya could reply, Yuzu was running to her brother. Byakuya decided to that as his cue to leave before he had to deal with Ichigo.



>