

Pain and the smell of burnt flesh brought Kagome's mind to consciousness immediately. She tried to move around or scream from the pain but found she could not. Her hands were tied behind her back and her legs were secured someone as she couldn't move them or see them from the angle she was laying.

Panic bubbled in her chest but she drove it down when she felt the white hot burning pain on her leg. It was only after she quit screaming again that she realized the smell of burning flesh was coming from her.

The worst part was she couldn't move to see what or who was burning her nor could she treat her wound. Her mind immediately began trying to figure out how she got into this situation. The last thing she remembered was that she and Laxus had been on a job hunting down some bandits.

'That's got to be it. We must have stumbled upon them and they attacked before I realized it and somehow they took me with them,' she thought. Panic did bubble up in her chest and this time she couldn't stop it as she started trying to scream words around the gag in her mouth. The only thing she could think of is where Laxus was. He had been right next to her. No way would he have just let someone take her. She knew without a doubt how possessive he was over her and how protective he could be. Granted he may be an ass about it, but he wouldn't let someone just injure her and then make off with her. Not unless something had stopped him.

She yelped around the gag as a heated iron rod landed right in front of her face. She then tried wriggling as far away as she could from it but she had little room and the more she did manage to make it away the rod seemed to follow her until finally she had no more wiggle room and she realized she had just backed herself into a corner.

She finally looked up trying to catch a glimpse of her captor and could only make out that it was a male based on size and the glimpse of the side of a face through a cloak. She then glared with all her worth.

The captor laughed until his shoulders shook. He pulled back the iron rod from so close to her face and slung it carelessly over his shoulder while still laughing. The hood finally dropped back to revel a dark haired man. "We were warned that you were spirited. I am glad to see those rumors are true. After all, it would be a disappointment if you broke too quick," he said and then lowered the rod and grazed it against Kagome's side causing her to scream out and struggle even more. He was amused to see she was only harming herself more as she was causing the ropes to dig in more.

Kagome wanted to be able to talk more in that moment than anything else. She wanted to know how they knew her and why did they capture her just to torture her or did they want something? When she finally quit writhing in pain, she turned her glare back on the man who only snickered at her.

"Unfortunately, our time will have to be cut short for now. I have a ransom note to send out after all," the captor said in a sad voice. He had wanted more time to torture the girl this round. He wanted her body beaten and her soul battered for when that Laxus showed up. Because then he would face the same agony and torture.

'What? No, this is a trap for Laxus. He can't come,' Kagome thought though she knew it was a useless thought. She didn't want him to see her like this. It would hurt him and she would be used against him. She didn't want that. 'Please, Laxus, save yourself and don't come was the last thought she got out before darkness overwhelmed her mind.

Blood flowed down the side of head, down her neck and pooled beneath the side of her face as the captor dropped the now bloody rod on the ground and turned to leave the room. He would be back and the girl would scream beautifully for him. He would make sure.

'Til next time, girlie,' the captor thought before slamming the door behind him as he left her cell. Darkness washed over the girl, hiding her away until he was ready for her to be found.


AN: I decided to add a bit more serious action to this story. Please read and review. I have read and enjoyed every review for this story and have enjoyed them all. They truly do motivate me. I was doing taxes but now that tax season is over, I will have time to write more so look forward to more updates here soon for this and my other stories.

>