

~Sixty Years Later~

Bilbo was exhausted. He was not the young, agile creature he was all those years ago. His trip this time was nothing like it was before. It was much calmer and there was less at stake. This was his last stop before he reached his destination. But it was also the most important to him.

When he reached the gates, the guards were upon him in an instant. He simply held up his hands and said,

"Bilbo Baggins."

The guards opened the gates immediately and Bilbo made his way into the mountain.

It was much grander than he had remembered and he marveled at the splendor. An ancient but proud dwarf was making his way slowly from the throne room.

"Could this wrinkly, old dwarf actually be the great Thorin Oakenshield, King Under the Mountain?"

The dwarf froze. He slowly turned around; watery, blue eye still holding some of the intensity they had so long ago.

"Bilbo Baggins?"

"At your service."

Thorin hurried over and pulled the hobbit into a surprisingly strong embrace.

"Welcome back, my old friend."

The door of the throne room was thrown open and two dwarfs came sauntering out. They looked almost the same as they had sixty years ago as dwarf's age does not usually reveal itself until the end. Bilbo could tell, however, that they were not the same carefree lads they once were. Despite having full beards and laugh lines, it was their eyes that revealed their maturity. Eyes that had been through many trials in life but not enough to take away their hope for the future.

"Uncle, who's this?" asked the older one. He had a crown of gold resting upon his equally golden hair.

"Well I never thought you, of all people, to forget who I am, Mr. Fili."

"Bilbo Baggins can it be?"

"In the flesh. But perhaps I should be bowing to you, as you are the King Under the Mountain now."

"Never, Bilbo. You never have to bow to anyone under this mountain."

When Bilbo's eyes met the younger dwarf, he uttered three simple words, "Where is she?"

Kili sprinted down the many halls of Erebor, desperately searching for his wife. He finally found her in the library. He cursed himself for not having looked there first.

His beautiful wife was reclined on a sofa, her feet up and a book resting on her swollen stomach. She was fanning herself as she read. She looked up as Kili burst in.

"What's going on? Were you running?"

"You have to come quickly! There is someone here to see you."

She groaned, "Are you sure this is important? Because if I haul myself up just to meet some stuffy old duke, I will not be happy."

"Yes, I'm sure! Come on!"

Kili helped his wife up. It took a few minutes but eventually she was standing. Kili took her hand and led her to the entrance hall. Libby waddled along side of him, muttering under her breath. When they finally reached their destination, she froze. The hand she had been casually resting on her stomach fell to her side. She stared at the hobbit and he stared at her. Then, she shuffled towards him as fast as she could and threw her arms around his neck and squeezed him.

"You're huge!" was all Bilbo could say when they pulled apart.

"Gee, thanks," Libby snorted.

"But beautiful! My goodness you are so beautiful!" Bilbo said truthfully. He really did see how radiant she looked. She was practically glowing.

"The healers say he will be here any day now."

"He?"

"Well, we don't know for sure yet but Dis and I have discussed it and we think it's a boy."

"Not that it matters," said Kili, coming up beside his wife and wrapping an arm around her waist.

"Are you scared?" asked Bilbo, taking Libby's hands.

"Terrified," she confessed but then her lips formed a small smile. "But I've dealt with worse."

"Indeed!"

"You look different too, Bilbo."

"Older, you mean."

"Yes," Libby whispered, sadly.

"The time has come for me to move on to my next adventure."

"I wish you could stay here with me forever," a tear made its way down Libby's soft cheek.

"You know I can't," Bilbo replied, brushing the tear away. "But I was hoping to stay here for a little bit before I leave."

"Of course! You can stay as long as you want."

Bilbo stayed in the mountain for two months. He spent every day with Libby. They had been sending letters to each other all these years but it wasn't the same as actually being together. He was introduced to many new faces including Fili's wife- who was actually brought from Libby's world. But that is a story for another day. And he met the newest royal member under the mountain, little Bilbo.

Bilbo had been by Libby's side throughout the entire birth along with Kili of course. Libby had a whole crew of people supporting her, but she only allowed Kili, Bilbo, and Dis in for the actual birth. Low and behold when the healers held up the baby, Libby and Dis were proven right; it was a boy. The baby was cleaned up and then placed in his mother's arms. The tears that she had been crying in pain turned to tears of joy. Kili knelt down next to her and kissed both her and his son. Dis quietly left the room to give the new family its privacy and Bilbo turned to do the same.

"Wait!"

He turned back around at the sound of Libby's hoarse voice.

She looked at Kili, who nodded.

"Bilbo we would like to officially introduce you to our son, Bilbo."

Bilbo was shocked and felt tears crept into his eyes and he knelt down on the other side of Libby.

"Hello Bilbo. I'm your uncle Bilbo," he said, stroking the boy's impossibly delicate hands. It is so wonderful to finally meet you."

Kili and Libby decided to follow a human tradition from Libby's world and give the child a middle name. They chose Fili in honor of Kili's brother.

Bilbo could feel when it was time for him to leave. So he asked if he could talk to Libby, Kili, Fili, and Thorin in private. He told them about the One Ring. How he had used it back when they had been journeying to take back the mountain and how he had kept it all these years and passed it on to Frodo. Libby, of course knew all this. Still, she was surprised that it was time for all this to happen. Bilbo gave them a warning of the darkness and evil yet to come. They needed to be prepared.

Then it was time for Bilbo to leave. Libby hugged him more tightly than she ever had before. Almost as if she was trying to keep him with her forever. Kili, Fili, and Thorin all hugged him as well. Libby handed him Bilbo to hold one last time. He cradled the baby in his arms lovingly.

"Aren't you scared?" asked Libby, tears already spilling from her sapphire eyes.

"Eh, I've dealt with worse."

Libby managed a breathy laugh through her tears.

"I'll miss you," she said. Then she nodded to the baby in his arms "I wish you would be here to see him grow up."

"Me too. But this is the luckiest baby in the world. He has the best parents a child could ever hope for. And his mother is the kindest and most loving woman in the world...and also the bravest. He is surrounded by people who love him. And let's not forget he will be the safest child in the world as well. There is no where safer than in this mountain. I think he will grow up just fine."

Bilbo kissed the baby's tiny head once more before handing him back to his mother. Then he kissed Libby's forehead and hugged the dwarves once more. He wiped away the few tears that had managed to spill out of his eyes. He turned to walk one final time out of the mountain.

"Good luck, Bilbo! I will always love you."

Bilbo stopped in his tracks and spun around to face his best friend. He took in the sight of her. She was truly beautiful. And he knew it was her kind soul and true heart that shone through her.

"I love you too, Libby. I love you too."



Author's Note:



Wow...we made it... I don't even know what to say. It feels bitter sweet to be done with this story. Maybe I'll go back one day and fix all the mistakes I know are there. This epilogue was so lovely to write. I hope I tied up most of the loose ends.



I want to take a moment to thank every person who read my story. Thank you! And a extra special thanks to all those who reviewed, favorited, and followed my story. It was with your positive support that I kept writing.



Who knew a little fantasy I dreamed up almost four years ago would turn into a full-fledged story. This is the first story I've ever completed. And I'm pretty proud of it. And who knows...maybe I'll be back to write another story about a certain dwarf brother we all know and love *wink wink*



Thank you again. I love you all!



~Fantasydreamer44


>