


Incident in PE


White shirt, red shorts. Dash was ready to dominate the gym as he usually did in PE as he walked out the locker room, a grin appearing on his face at the thought of the one class where he could pound nerds in public view without consequence.

How he could do such things depended on what was happening during PE, but he didn't mind that. He had no problems with
accidentally
slamming a basketball on someone's head after a slam dunk, or
mistakenly
hitting another in the back with a
poorly-aimed
football. However, that day's activity had the football player almost grinning from ear to ear.

Dodgeball, a game where you had to purposely hit someone else with the ball you are throwing to knock someone out of the ga-wait.

Why was
he
grinning, too? And was that a flash of green, or was Dash seeing things?

"Alright, kids," Dash heard before turning to face the PE teacher, the muscularly-large woman known as Ms. Teslaff. "Baxter, Fenton. You two are team captains. Pick your teammates and we'll get this show on the road. " Dash dared to take a peek back toward his
rival
captain, at Fenton and his eyes. They were definately blue, the bully didn't know how he could have mistaken them for that bright a green. The scrawny kid was stepping up from his cross-legged position on the ground before moving up along side the large football player, a look of nervousness on his face.

Just as he should have.

"Kwan," Dash called out to begin the team selection.

"Sam," Danny responded, which Dash found predictable.

"Nathan," Dash spoke next, beginning already to collect his meat shields for himself and his buddy.

"Tucker," Danny announced next, just as Dash predicted.

"Lester."

"Valerie." This one made Dash momentarily double-take before mentally grinning wildly. With both Sam and Valerie on the same team, they were more-likely to take each other out than anyone else.

The exchange of names continue before the class was split evenly, ten vs ten. Five balls were placed along the line in the center of the gym, one of them dead center.

"Alright, you know the rules. You're hit, you're out. Catching a ball before it hits the ground knocks out the person who threw it. A ball in hand can be used to knock away another ball without being knocked out. Begin!" With the echo of the whistle did the madness that was dodgeball began.

Dash and Kwan had managed to get a ball each while Sam and Valerie got one each before Sam kicked the final ball in the center toward Tucker, who tossed the ball to Danny. After ten minutes of exchanges, impacts and captures, the two sides were reduced to only a few on each side.

Dash and Kwan on one side. Danny, Sam and Valerie on the other. Throughout the game, the two girls had been keeping tabs on who got more knockouts than the other, which had managed to keep the pair from ripping each other up. Danny couldn't help but feel his luck might have improved somehow, until he heard a pair of yelps from behind him.

Sam and Valerie had been tagged out in unison and at a tie with each other.

Dash saw that Danny had said something under his breath, but didn't care as both he and Kwan each picked up one of three balls on their side. They both looked at Danny with a menecing smile on their faces, putting the scrawny kid instantly on edge. If the jock didn't know better, he'd swear the loser was getting ready to fight for his life or something with the way he stood.

Well, it's a good thing Dash did know better. And with out a second thought did the pair toss the pair of balls in unison. Danny had been in a corner trying to get a ball when the white spheres were thrown, giving the kid only one way to get out of the way.

His eyes allowed to momentarily flash as adrenaline hit a fever pitch, the lightweight kid kicked up high into the air, flipping forward and over the incoming projectiles. As soon as he landed the the green glow fade away, all five orbs now on the same side of the gym.

Dash was stunned by the display as was his buddy. However, he was stunned by a thought was floated by his mind when the strange green registered as something familiar.

Danny Phantom's radioactive-green eyes.

Was the ghost boy really helping Fenton? Why?

Something tells him a simple pounding wouldn't give him the answer to that question...

>