


A Life Unexpected



Summary: Snapshots of Snow, Charming and the family they've built.



A/N: Well, it's been an absolute age since I've been active in this fandom but I have been suffering severe withdrawals since the winter finale combined with an itch to dust off my writing skills. I'll be posting a short, drabble-like chapter everyday inspired by a prompt table found on LJ. They'll all be different in content, style and tone but I hope they bring a small smile to the face of every Snowing/Charming Family enthusiast...Enjoy!



Disclaimer:

OUAT and all of its characters belong to ABC...all I own is copies of the first two seasons on DVD which have been on high rotation during this hiatus!




Mellow


"I wish we could do this every day."

"Hmmm?" Charming inquired, lifting his head slightly from where it rested on the dewy grass to gaze down at where his wife's head lay pillowed upon his chest. He'd been lightly dozing, absentmindedly running his fingers through Snow's ebony locks and had not fully registered her words.

"I wish this could be our life. No worries or hassles or queens out for our blood. Just you and me and the open sky."

It was a tempting proposition. Times like these were few and far between for the newlyweds. As it was, it had taken some creative excuses for the two to slip away from the castle's walls and venture into the forest for a few hours. There was a small meadow about a half hour's walk from their home that they had claimed as their sanctuary. Amongst the smell of wildflowers and whistle of birds, they were able to shed the responsibilities which lay a heavy burden upon their shoulders and simply be Snow and Charming...two people in a love so true it could move mountains with its strength.

Snow shifted her head so her chin was now resting just below his, her eyes lifting to gaze clearly into his own. Within them, Charming could always see the depth of her devotion and every time he gave silent thanks to whatever forces had conspired to bring Snow into his life. Now however, he could also see the strain their current circumstances had placed on his wife's boundless optimism. Gently untangling his hand from her hair, he brought it up to cup her cheek in his palm. They both knew that their life would probably never be as Snow had just wished but here, in their sanctuary, they could pretend it would.

"Sounds like heaven to me."

>