


A/N: Just a little piece inspired by my own father's lack of technological know-how and David's flip phone :)




Obsolete


They'd just finished dinner when Emma plunked down two identical wrapped presents onto the kitchen table.

"Oh, what's this?" Snow questioned delightedly, eyeing the brightly striped paper pattern with interest while David picks his up and shakes it slightly.

"Open them and you'll see," Emma replied, a somewhat shy smile on her face.

Exchanging glances, her parents carefully unwrap the paper to find equally identical white boxes underneath, a very familiar logo stamped upon them.

"You bought us phones?" David asked with a puzzled tone, "But I already have a phone…"

"Yeah, a flip phone…and sorry to tell you this Dad, but they went out of fashion when Henry was still in single digits," Emma teased before turning to her mother, "And yours is no better. I just thought…well, it these make it far easier to keep in touch and…"

Her voice trailed off, sounding a little embarrassed.

"And?" Snow prompted softly.

"And they'll make it easier for you to take all the pictures of Neal you want and share them too without resorting to that dinosaur of a camera you own."

She finished the sentence off lightly but the sentiment behind it rang through clear.

"And you," Snow grinned after a moment, clearly touched, "Don't think I won't be taking any photos of you."

Emma laughed.

"Believe me, I've already resigned myself to that fact."

"Don't worry, I'll distract her if she takes too many," David chimed in, turning the box in his hands over and over.

"Given the way you spent the other afternoon on Henry's phone playing through all of his games, I think you'll be far too distracted yourself," Snow shot back, nudging him playfully, their gazes locking.

Knowing the look in their eyes tended to lead her into baring witness to some rather public displays of affection, Emma cleared her throat.

"So…you like them?"

They both turned towards her in perfect sync.

"We love them," David responded for them both emphatically, a broad smile accompanying his words before he looked down.

"Uh, but you might have to show us how to use them…"

Snow nodded beside him as Emma chuckled.

"I can do that."

>