



Chapter 12- Death becomes us



Hinata made her way further into the tower to the courtyard were Homura and Koharu spent most of their time. She slid the shoji door open and closed it behind her. As she approached them, they stopped their conversation to greet her.

"Hokage-sama, has there been a development?" Hinata remained silent and took a seat in front of them.

"I want you to tell me everything about Kyoshi, his village, the experiments and what you did using Konohagakure's name." Their face frowned but Hinata kept still, her face a cold mask. She was out for blood and she will get it if they did not talk they could feel her bloodlust build the longer they took to answer her question. Homura gulped but remained quiet, while motioning for Koharu to answer her.

"What we did was for Konoha's own good…" Hinata's eye twitched but she remained passive waiting for her to continue. "So you have no right to question us about it, nor do I see relevance of this to what is going on." Hinata scoffed, for the first time ever in her life she was being disrespectful on purpose. If her father knew what she was going to do now she would surely be punished but notoday.

"Oh not relevant huh?" Hinata's voice dripped of sarcasm. "Did you not even think how I knew about Kyoshi in the first place? You are ridiculous, no matter how much you clam to care about Konoha, the biggest tragedies that happen to it, you two where always behind it claiming it was done for the good of the people, for the good of the village. How is killing an entire clan good for the village?! You tortured and manipulated him to do your bidding, was using Itachi a backup plan if Kyoshi failed?" What kind of advisors are you?"

"That was Danzo not us."

"He may be the one that came up with the plan but you allowed it to happen." silence echoed between them giving Hinata time to cool down. "So are you going to tell me or not because I will get the information I need one way or another."



~X~




Border of the Fire country



"Ah the sweet smell of the land of fire." Kyoshi pushed passed the thick foliage hiding a cobbled stone path. At the end, it opened out into a large clearing with a quaint cabin in the centre. As he entered the cabin, he released the seal on it and the cabin was restored to its former glory. The wood returned to its soft honey like tone, fixtures repaired themselves while the destroyed furniture replaced with new ones.

It had been a while since he had been here. It was the last place he had been with his family before they were hunted and killed. It was the last place he would ever have a happy memory. Slouching down onto the bed, he sighed in relief while rolling back his shoulders. Finally, in a relaxing mood he noticed how much of dirt accumulated on his body and he scoffed in disgust. He strode towards the bathroom while stripping of his red silk haori he let it float down to the floor while he pulled off his fitted black V-neck and pants. As he stepped into the shower, he loosened the grip that held back his white tresses letting flow around him. He groaned in satisfaction as the hot water rushed alone the surface of his body. In this calm demeanour, he seemed more human that the monster that he was made to be, he felt like himself again. The man that worked hard as a shinobi, the man that had a loving wife to go home to at night, the man that loved his children, the man that had lost everything…



~X~




Hyüga compound



Shikamaru and Kakashi forced Hinata out of the office after she had spoken to them about what the elders had told her claiming that she is working too hard. Hinata hated to admit it but mentally she was drained from the recent events. Who knew her first week on the job would end up with her trying to save the village from total destruction? She walked around gently to the east wing.

Her mind drifted from the people of the village to those she cares about; before she knew it, she passed her room to the gardens. The smell of freshly cut grass and wet earth calmed her instantly. Her hand reached for her head pulling out her hair tie. Her long indigo her flowed down her back releasing the strain of the day.

It was around sunset when Hanabi found her sister in the watching the sun set behind the Hokage mountain. She look deep in thought as she approached her. Hanabi gently touch her shoulder to bring her out of her thoughts without startling her.

"Nee-Chan?"

"Oh! Hanabi… you… when did you come here?"

"Not too long ago. It's almost dinner time and we couldn't find you, so I thought you would come here"

"That late already?... I really did lose track of time sitting out here." Hinata stood from her spot on the porch and motioned from Hanabi to lead the way back inside.

"I'll go and freshen up, I'll meet you in the dining room." Without a reply, Hinata left towards her room.

Hanabi was concerned about her sister. She had never seen her so distracted before. Whatever was going on she needed to find out.



~X~




Sasuke's Apartment



The window of his apartment slid open with a tall figure silently stepping through it. Covered in dirt and leaves Sasuke makes his way to the bathroom without leaving dirt on the floor behind him. Shedding his gear and clothing, he steps into a hot shower. He does not have much time till he has go back on duty but all he could think about what is going through Hinata's mind. He knows that she already has plan… but what bothers him the most that she has not told him yet. Which means that It's something he would not like, something dangerous involving her. He made a promise to her and he will keep it but he has also promised that they will always be together.



~X~




Hinata's Dream/Thoughts



Her mind was still busy…. Racing through all the information she had gotten in the past couple days. Her plan was not perfect but it protected everyone she cared about which was good enough for her. The one person she worried about the most is Sasuke…. All she could think about is the moments they spent together as she watch that sunset. Even in her dreams, it went from one moment to the next.

Then her dreams took a turn for the worse, when the smell of burnt wood and flesh fill her nostrils, pain filled screams filled her ears and pools of blood filled her vision. Her breath grew shallow and sweat built on her brow. The horror that laid before her was the village Kiyoshi came from.

It was as if she was right there going through everything…. Feeling everything… That is when she realised that is was his memory of what had happened. How all of this was happening baffled her to no end but she wanted to know what happened and she was going to find out first hand.



~X~



A/N: Hey guys I know you all have been waiting for an update and I'm so sorry that I haven't been doing so. I made so big life decisions and it has taken me a while to adjust, which I'm still doing. ^^; I just wanted to give a special THANK YOU! To all who supported me when I was gone and a very special one to Dlisay08. Thank you for such a sweet message it really gave me the motivation to continue.



Thanks Everyone xoxo



Lots of Love FH :3


>