



Ch 2 Calypso. Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson. Rick Riordan does (Lucky him). Do not read if you're underage (Aah do what you want, who am I to tell you -.-)



"Uurgh Percy! Aahh!", Calypso was shouting impaling herself on Percy's other Riptide.

Her caramel hair was flying around as she impaled herself again and again on Percy's cock. Her boobs were perfect, probably DDs and they bounced every time she impaled herself on Percy's cock. Her pussy dribbled juices on Percy's hip and stomach.

"uhm Calypso", he said in his sleep. Percy was having the best dream ever. It sure beat all the other dreams he had been having of Nico and Minos.

He was on the Island of Ogygia. It was his one of his last night's there and he had made a full recovery thanks to Calypso. Suddenly outside his dream state, he felt the cotton trousers of his being slowly pulled off and he felt his cock enter a hot wet mouth. Instantly he woke up. What he saw made him think he was still dreaming.

Perfect, beautiful Calypso was meticulously sucking his 9 incher passionately, mewing and moaning gently. He tried to sit up and was about to say something when Calypso placed her finger to his lips silencing him. She continued sucking like a pro. Percy figured she had to be good as she probably had a lot of practice with all the other heroes washed up on her Island.

He moaned as he felt her tongue probe his prick going inside the slit. Slowly she went in more and more. Percy caught her caramel hair and tousled it, playing with it. He then peeked at Calypso. She had perfect boobs probably C's. When she saw Percy looking at her, she giggled and blushed raising her ass and wiggling it. Her ass was shapely and perfectly proportioned to the rest of her body. It was an ass that could have been insured like J Lo's and it was even the perfect color for Percy.

As she sucked Percy started to play with her boobs. Her nipples were pert and hard and even though Calypso was stacked, her boobs were perky and not saggy.

Finally after a few more seconds Percy came. Most of his juice went into her mouth but Calypso made sure that a lot came on her face and boobs. She panted and licked her lips. She was about to remove the juice when Percy stopped her. He got so turned on by her cum covered face that he grew hard again.

He lifted Calypso and turned her lithe body the other way so that her pussy was towards him. He lay down again and without any warning he slammed his face into her pussy. Her pussy both smelled and tasted like cinnamon. Even before he put his tongue inside, a stream of cinnamon flavored juices dripped onto him. She gasped when he started licking and sucking, then she started to suck on his cock furiously both racing to make the other cum first. Then Percy tried to cheat. He dipped a few fingers into Calypso's asshole. She stopped for a second and moaned. Then she grabbed his balls and started to play with them.

Incensed Percy placed his other hand near her pussy and started to stimulate it gently till it was covered in her juices. Both tensed as they felt the oncoming orgasm like a train. Then they furiously renewed their struggle. Finally both screamed in ecstasy as they reached orgasm and then they soaked each other's faces with their juices. Percy gulped down the squirt of cinnamon flavored cum while Calypso tried the same with Percy's. Finally they licked each other clean. Then Calypso snuggled up to Percy and wrapped them up in the sheets. Percy picked her up and placed her sitting on his stomach. She lay down on him and kissed him. Percy moaned as she rubbed again his cock.

Calypso looked up in surprise as she felt the cock rub against her.

"You are insatiable!", she told Percy growling sexily.

"We are insatiable", He replied as he felt her pussy become wet again with some liquid falling on him. She positioned herself above his cock and then impaled herself on his other Riptide.

Percy ripped off the sheets wanting to see her ass and boobs. Calypso without any help would keep slamming herself up and down on him moaning. Percy spread about her ass cheeks and spanked them savoring the soft feel of her ass. He lifted it up and dropped it down doing it faster and faster till drool started to fall out of Calypso's mouth his penis hitting her cervix with each thrust.

Calypso's eyes rolled backwards from the ecstasy she felt. She moaned louder and louder. Percy let go of her ass and she continued to bounce. With one hand Percy started to clutch Calypso's boobs, with the other he caught Calypso's ass again and inserted a finger inside. Percy felt the signs of a tell tale orgasm and he started to thrust into her cunt. Calypso was by now near orgasm and with a few final thrusts of Percy's she reached orgasm. Her liquids coated his rod and stomach till even he started to smell like cinnamon. Finally Percy felt his liquid rushing up till it rocketed into Calypso's waiting pussy.

With a few more thrusts the spurt stopped and as Calypso stopped riding Percy and sat on him exhausted, he kissed Calypso passionately with his tongue meeting hers and coiling against it like a snake.

She was too tired to get off and so she put her head against his chest and fell asleep.

Percy smiled. His prick still buried in her snatch, he too fell asleep.

…..

They woke up just before lunch time. As Calypso got of Percy's cock, a river of their mixed juices fell on Percy's stomach. Giggling and red faced, she licked clean the mess.

Calypso looked at herself. She still had dried cum all over her body and she really wanted a shower. She went to the bathroom and drew the curtains. Since it was Ogygia and there wasn't really anyone else, there was a door but no lock. As she started to wash herself she closed her eyes as the hot water soaked her up.

Percy had meanwhile watched her go to the bathroom completely nude and he watched her delicious looking ass wobbling only slightly as she walked to the shower. He sneaked up behind her, his rod already hardening and opened the door gently. He saw her with her hand near her entrance as something thicker than water moistened her entrance. She suddenly buried her fingers in her snatch and started to move them in and out moaning in pleasure. Now Percy was hard enough to break rocks.

He sneaked up behind her and said, "My my, someone sure is busy", he said laughing at Calypso.

"I knew you would follow me here", she replied. "I just did it to get you hard again", she said laughing.

Percy now felt even hotter. He grabbed her from behind and started soaping her breasts. When her breasts properly soaped Calypso got down and after a few sucks, she took something which looked like Ancient Greek shower gel and making lather, she started to rub Percy's dick. He moaned at the sensation and gripped her nipples with one hand and her hair with his other. Before he came she got up and with a passionate kiss, she wrapped one leg around him burying his dick in her snatch. For some time they stayed like that kissing passionately. Then Percy thrust in faster and faster till finally he came deep inside her. The second his seed fully filled her she came too.

They finished soaping each other touching every part of the other's body and then finally they washed each other off and went out to lunch. Neither of them wore any clothing.

Outside at the table, "I've always wanted to do that", Percy said happily.

"Anything else you've wanted to do", she asked him. Percy whispered something in her ear making her blush. She left the table and came back with a pair of handcuffs made off rope and leaves. Percy left the room too. When he came back, Calypso was at the center of the table, gagged with what looked like the underwear she used to clean up their juices and bound with the handcuffs. Probably one of the servants had helped her. Around her was an assortment off foods. He sat down on the chairs and drank a sip of water. Then he brought Calypso closer to him.

He took the closest thing to him that he could find, a carrot, and he gently pushed it in her snatch. As she moaned through the gag, he spotted the chopped vegetables next to him. He sat down on the chairs and drank a sip of water. Then he brought Calypso closer to him.

He took the closest thing to him that he could find, a carrot, and he gently pushed it in her snatch. As she moaned through the gag, he spotted the chopped vegetables next to him. He removed the carrot and crunched on it. He could taste the by now familiar taste of Calypso on it. He slowly placed the vegetables in her snatch. He took the salad dressing and with a smile, he put it back. Calypso's juices were better than any salad dressing. He took a small spoon and started to remove the vegetables one by one. After the salad, on to the starters. Percy took one of the twisty cranberry things and placed it at Calypso's entrance. He pushed it in slowly making her wiggle around itching to cum. It came out sticky and sweeter than ever.

On to the main course, Percy picked up a leg of chicken with some sort of sweet sauce and he pushed it in. He pulled it out and nibbled at it. Calypso writhed in arousal and want. He took the chicken's sauce and he placed it at her entrance. He drizzled it all over her snatch. Then put the chicken leg in and ate. Seeing that his stomach had shrunk to the size of a pea from not eating for a while, he was full already. He took everything he had just eaten and put it in and removed it. Tears streamed down Calypso's cheeks from want and arousal. Percy took everything on a plate and then removing Calypso's gag and folding it, he fed her slowly. After eating everything, she remarked, "I love how I taste" and she giggled blushing. After she was done, Percy used the gag to clean her up, and then put it back in her mouth as the servants brought out the ice cream and other dessert.

Percy took a scoop of ice cream and buried it in her snatch. She whimpered and shivered as the ice cream chilled her insides. He then took the hot chocolate sauce which was in a bowl. He took out a ladle full and tipped it onto one breast and then onto the other. Calypso writhed as her breasts were coated in sauce. Then a servant brought some freshly whipped cream in a piping bag. Percy pushed the piping bag in and squeezed. As the whipped cream filled Calypso up, she screamed and finally orgasm was reached. Percy squirted whipped cream onto her breasts and then put a spoon to her entrance. As the cold spoon penetrated Calypso she cried out in surprise. Slowly Percy ate the mushy mix. As he almost finished, he started to suckle on her chocolaty breasts. Finally Percy finished his fill.

He took out the gag and fed the remnants to Calypso. Even before she finished stood up and thrust into the over lubricated snatch. He repeatedly thrust inside and finally he too came inside her. He took a spoonful of the last few bits off ice cream and fed the rest to Calypso.

He took of the handcuffs and Calypso sat up. "We still have another day!" she said happily.

"Now how do you want to spend it?" she asked Percy.

"We both know what the answer to that question is" Percy responded and once more, started to passionately kiss her.



OOhh Percy you naughty demigod. This scene was longer as Percy had a full day with Calypso. (Come to think of it he had many full days.) Next chapter will be smaller.





Please Rate and Review.





More chapters coming up, Annabeth, Aphrodite, Silena, a threesome and a fivesome.



>