


First Ghost Adventures fic. First fic in a while too. Season 1 Episode 6.


AU because I took a few liberties. Basically revolves around an unseen event. No Slash.
Disclaimer: I am not nor have I ever been associated with Ghost Adventures or the Travel Channel



Aaron notices something off with Nick almost immediately. The detached, dull look in his eyes; the lack of exhaustion-fueled chatter made of real words and unintelligible mumbles. The often quiet investigator usually had something on his mind after a lock down or wanted to pump some music with a smile. But the van was definitely more somber than usual. With Zak on his phone and the radio off, the atmosphere for this post lockdown high is far too heavy and dank. So they drive in silence: Zak clicking away on twitter, Aaron checking over their equipment, and Nick staring blankly down the open road.

When they eventually get back to HQ, they wait for Zak to finish recording the VOs and Aaron decides to do some investigating of his own. He finds his old friend a little ways from the van, back against a tall pine tree.

"Hey, Nick," the oldest of the crew calls out. "Nick!"

"Hmm?" Caught off guard, the man in question is startled out of his thoughts. "What's up?"

"Dude, You feelin' alright?"

Nodding hesitantly and making as little eye contact as possible, a mumbled "Yeah," reaches Aaron's ears.

"You sure? I've known you for years and I've never seen you this…withdrawn." Aaron looks down on his friend with concern. An awkward beat passes between them before the goofy tech says, "Then again, I'm pretty sure I'd still be crying like a baby if I'd been stuck in that morgue for so long!"

Aaron smiles triumphantly, noticing he enticed a little chuckle out of somber man.

"I mean, I think so," Nick stared off through the high branches of tall trees, twisting his wedding ring with his thumb and pointer finger.

"I just feel sort of...off? I don't know, man," the Boston man sighs and runs his fingers through his short hair.

Aaron isn't liking what he's hearing, but before he can dig any further, Zak pops out of the van and stands in between them. He's always had this invincible aura about him; it made you feel protected and at ease but still wanting to punch him for being so obnoxious and headstrong.

"Well, I'm ready to hibernate for a week." The spiky-haired man bumps his tall friend on the shoulder. "Let's get this stuff finished up and go home." He pats Nick on the back then trots ahead of the guys, stretching his arms.

"Aaron, I'm gonna need some help with Nick's footage," he turns, walking backward. "There's this weird malfunction with his camera or something."
Aaron makes some comment about needing a nightlight and Zak teases him for being a baby while Nick follows behind in a daze, only catching one word from his 'partner in crime'.


Malfunction?


The word causes his stilted stride to slow until he stops. A sudden sense of confusion (or recognition) came over him. Hadn't something happened in the morgue? He doesn't remember any surges of energy or hearing any disembodied voices. Nick wasn't sure if his lack of memory was caused by his own self-reservation or something else? Had something gone wrong in the suffocating space and his mind's only method of defense was to bury it deep within his mind?

The wind ruffles his black button up, as if attempting to get him moving again.

"Hey, Nick?" The distracted man hears his name from a few yards away. When he looks over, Zak stuffs his hands into the pockets of his hoodie and Aaron still has that concerned look on his face. He quickly realizes they are waiting for him to answer.

"Yeah?"

The older investigators share a look that he can't figure out because of the distance. Zak calls out again."You ready to go, buddy? This stuff isn't going edit itsel-dude, stop!" Zak's interrupted by an elbow in his side, and Aaron whispering something Nick doesn't catch.

Nick glances over his shoulder before jogging over to the two.

"Sorry about that," he says, shaking off his funk. "Tripped over a root or something."

Zak throws an arm over Nick's shoulder, including him in their banter.


Far too close,
a disembodied voice whispers, anxiously.


Soon...The time is near.


>