


You're the one I love



And I'm saying goodbye



Say something, I'm giving up on you



And I'm sorry that I couldn't get to you



#


Zak sauntered out of his gym, satisfied with the dull ache throughout his body. The much needed breaks between filming always give him the extra motivation to stay in shape. A strong body and constitution make an attack of any kind almost impossible to succumb to.

While getting into his car and taking a mouthful of water, Zak's phone buzzed in his pocket, Nick's house number showing on the caller ID.

"Hey, man. What's going on?" Zak greeted as he pulled out of the crowded parking lot. He's a little surprised when he hears a feminine voice chime down the line.

"Oh, it's just little ol' me," Veronique chuckled at Zak's assumption.

"Hey, Ron! Always nice to hear your voice," was his flirtatious response.

She laughed, good-natured woman that she was and promptly shut him down.

"Hmm, not sure I can say the same, hun," she tutted, playfully. "Stealing my husband away for days at a time? Makes a girl wonder what goes on outside those lockdowns of yours."

Zak made a thoroughly amused noise at this, trying to weave through traffic and get home safely.

"He's all yours, Ron. No question about it," the still giggling investigator assured her.

"You're damn right he is." The blonde replied, fondly. He turned a corner and continued on a straight away for a minute before realizing Veronique was still on the line.

"Are you there?" Zak heard fumbling from her side of the call.

"Yes! Y-Yeah, I'm still here," she stuttered.

Zak sensed a change in her tone. She sounded flustered. And worried. That's saying something, seeing as her husband hunts ghosts for a living.

"Is something wrong?" His usually funny, confident manner gone, replaced with quiet concern. Not only was it out of the ordinary that Veronique would be calling him when he was with Nick -he had his own phone- but for her to call Zak directly when Nick was in town meant something was wrong. Very wrong.

"Tell me what happened." His tone left no room for refusal. He heard her long-suffering sigh and decided to park on side-street.

"It's just," she paused for a moment. "Has anything strange happened during the last few investigations?"

Zak sharply inhaled, heart speeding up. Had a spirit attached itself to Nick and followed him home?

"Is there some spirit causing you trouble? Did you tell Nick yet? I'm sure he can find someone to do a cleansing-"

"No, no. Nothing like that," she assured him, continuing the same awkward silence as before.

Zak crossed his arms, impatient and anxious. "Well, what is it? Honestly, you're scaring me."

Veronique sighed again, before asking, "Zak, does Nick seem... different to you?"

Zak recalled Aaron asking him the same thing after they finished filming in New Jersey.


Bro, does Nick seem kinda off to you?


She continues, not noticing Zak's thoughtful silence. "I mean, he's been so cold toward me lately. He doesn't seem like himself. So," another deep sigh, "I was hoping you could fill me in. Maybe tell me if I sound like a whiny, teenage girl?"

Zak chuckled, sittings back in his seat, trying to think of anything out of the ordinary. He remembers Nick being more clumsy than usual; dropping things, tripping over his own feet. Nick was definitely not focusing either. On the way home, Nick didn't notice a stopped truck and barely avoided an accident.

But all of that could be attributed to the lack of sleep followed by a long drive. Then he remembered how distressed Nick was after he and Aaron let him out of the morgue. But Nick's been through worse; Washoe Club, Bobby Mackey's, the Goldfield Hotel. What makes this lockdown any different?

"I can't think of anything in particular, Ron. Maybe he's just emotionally drained-"

"He punched the mirror in our bathroom and didn't remember doing it, Zak," she whispered out in rush. "He punched
through
it!" The last comment send a deep chill down his spine. Zak started the car again, signaling back into traffic.

"I
heard
him do it. I
heard
the glass crunch under his fist; the metal folded like wet paper and…" Veronique gasped back a sob.

Hearing the pain in this normally thick-skinned woman unnerved him. And he could tell she wasn't telling him everything she knew. She was too frightened. Zak shook of his worry, fierce loyalty and need to protect took over and he started to formulate a plan.

"Listen very closely, okay? I need you to pack a bag and get out of that house. I don't care what you tell Nick." Zak dictated to his best friend's wife while pulling into his driveway.

"Do you understand?" Zak rapidly texted Aaron before bolting to the front door.

He hears her shaking breathing before she agreed. "As much as I hate to say it, Nick is probably under the influence of something evil and it's not safe for you."

"Do you think you can help him?" The lead investigator hesitates at the door of his home. Could he do anything? He has a theory but there's no definite method to fix whatever is really happening to his friend.

"Honestly, Ron, I don't know," he sighs, finally. He unlocks the door. "But I promise you this: I sure as Hell won't stop 'til I do." The determined investigator ends the call with a brief goodbye and gets to work.

#

Veronique sighed, annoyed with herself, as she clutched the house phone in her hands. Why did she lie? She knew something unnatural was going on with Nick. Why couldn't she just admit that?

She placed the phone back on the hook before dumping her drawers into a large suite case.


It's because you didn't want to believe you lost. You lost Nick to something you don't understand. And it's killing you.


The painfully-truthful voice rang through in her head, pausing her packing. She sat dejectedly on their bed, with her head between her knees.

Suddenly Veronique jumped up and kicked the side table over with a shout. She stormed over to the destroyed bathroom and yelled, "You haven't won! I will never let that happen. Aaron and Zak would
never
let that happen! " She grabbed her suitcase, and strode down the stairs with a determined look on her face.

Scribbling a note and placing it by the kitchen counter, Veronique buttoned up her coat.


I'm counting on you guys. Bring Nick back to us…


Sending the text with her "safe-house" address to Zak, and with one final look at their house and the life they built together, she opened the door and didn't look back.

(The note read,

I'm so sorry I wasn't strong enough.

I'll be bac I love you.

Veronique)


This is the last of Veronique for a while! Not sure when the next update will be but the next couple of chapters will be where the real fun begins!



Also, if you want to leave a comment to let me know if anyone's still interested, do it! I wanna know who is loving (or hating) this!



Happy February!


>