

"Please, take a seat" Alexandros pointed at a chair across from his desk and waited for Jeremy to sit down.

There was a brief moment of silence.

"What am I, Jeremy?" he asked finally.

Jeremy looked at him confused, not quite sure what he meant. "A sorcerer" he decided to say.

Alexandros smiled. "Correct; however, I'm afraid there is quite more to it. I'm a healer, Jeremy" he said, though Jeremy had very little idea of what that meant, "And that title comes with many little talents. Amongst them, is the talent to see someone's past, present, and future" he paused to examine Jeremy's face, "do you remember what I told you the night of the resurrection?"

Though Jeremy hardly ever spoke to Damon and the rest of his family about his meeting with Alexandros, he remembered every word he and the man exchanged that night. The night Alexandros had asked him to join him.

"You said that you saw the kind of person I was, and that I could accomplish many great things"

Alexandros nodded, and with a voice identical to the one he used that night, he added, "and I shall make sure of that".

"I don't understand" Jeremy shook his head, "what does that have to do with me being a vampire?"

Alexandros suddenly frowned, as if he expected a different question. "Aren't you curious what I saw in you that night?"

"Would you have told me if I asked?" the boy retorted.

Alexandros smiled again, "I'll do my best".

Jeremy was annoyed. He felt like he was following a script, but deep down he knew this would be the only chance for him to finally get some answers, as long as he stayed calm and asked the right questions. So, he took a breath and asked, "What did you see in me that night?"

Alexandros was clearly pleased by the boy's newfound attitude.

"I saw Kol Mikaelson" he said rather simply.

Jeremy had never felt more confused in his entire life. Kol? His friend, Kol? What did any of this have to do with Kol? He was similar to him? What a joke! He thought. He and Kol didn't agree on anything and for all he knew they had zero things in common, despite the fact they were best friends.

"Not the vampire Kol Mikaelson you've met" Alexandros finally added, "but the one he was before he was turned" he said, and this time didn't give Jeremy the chance to ask another question.

"I met little Esther when she was five years old" he began saying, "Her special talents had just started showing and she was terrified of them. Keep in mind these were different times, people were scared of witchcraft and killed even the suspicion of it. Her grandmother, also a witch, had taught her to live in hiding and never reveal her true self to anyone. Until she met me. I was drawn to her village by her powers and I stayed next to her as a teacher, a father, and a friend until the end of her life" he paused, his face suddenly turning bitter.

"When she married
Mikael
" he spoke the name of Kol's father with such disgust as if it was poisonous, "I knew it was going to be the biggest mistake of her life" he continued in the same grave tone, "but some things are meant to be and there is nothing anybody can do to stop them. All of the sudden, the little girl I helped raise, had become a married woman and soon a mother. Most of her kids resembled their father and their future had nothing too extravagant, just peaceful lives of ordinary people meant to live and die in a small village. Up until the birth of Kol" Alexandros smiled again, though it soon turned into a grimace, "Kol was different. From the moment I saw him I knew he had inherited his mother's gift. He was a sorcerer. I decided to stay in the village for him, despite Mikael's constant war against me. I was interested to watch him grow and it was most certainly not a disappointing decision. He was pure, brave, charming, and kind. Everybody, including his heartless father and careless older brothers, loved him and cherished him"

Jeremy didn't know what to day or think. He tried hard to imagine Kol as the person Alexandros was speaking of, but that description didn't sound a lot like the Kol Jeremy knew and for that he suddenly felt very sad. The Kol he knew was cruel, blood thirsty, and an impulsive trouble maker whose own brothers and sister had to lock in a coffin for five hundred years in order to control his behavior.

"Why did Kol become a vampire?" a little voice inside of him told him this was the right question to make.

Alexandros sighed and to Jeremy's great surprise, answered.

"Kol was twelve years old when I saw it in his future. He didn't have long to live. The favorite son and beloved younger brother was destined to die before his eighteenth birthday. Esther was heartbroken. So she asked me to help her. Combine our powers and save Kol from his destiny"

Alexandros paused again. He looked like every word that was coming out of his mouth was causing him a severe amount of pain. Nonetheless, he continued, "Kol's destiny was to die. But he lived. For years we tried to find a way to save him, until I finally found it. The immortality spell. You can't run away from destiny without experiencing the consequences. I knew that and so did Esther. I told her it would be best for Kol to let him face his destiny no matter how grave, but she refused. She took the spell without my knowledge and with Mikael's help turned all the children into abominations"

"Vampires" Jeremy corrected him rather strongly, as a part of him felt insulted by his choice of word.

Alexandros ignored him. "She thought that her kids were saved, but they all died that night. They were never to be the same and she knew it. She regretted her action the second she saw them and blamed me for not being there to stop her"

"It wasn't your fault" Jeremy couldn't stop himself from saying.

"It was" said Alexandros sternly. "I failed to protect Esther and her kids, and for that, a lot of people suffered. Their lives were meant to be different, but their destinies were changed to something unpredictable. My pure student, Kol, was turned without his knowledge to a creature he would despise and to this day is trapped in this world against his own will" he finished with a sigh. "That night you and I met, I saw in your eyes what I used to see in Kol, when he was a child. And for that reason, I made sure; you don't suffer the same fate as him. You'll never be a vampire, Jeremy"


Jeremy returned to his room with more questions than he had before, Alexandros' words still buzzing inside his head, "You'll never be a vampire, Jeremy, you'll live a long human life, one that you and your family can be proud of"

His own feelings for Alexandros were confused as well. Who was this person and why did he keep coming back into his life. Why was he so fixed on protecting him? Because he resembled the Kol he once knew? This couldn't be the only reason. A part of him was angry. Being a vampire was supposed to be his choice, one that he alone had the right to make. But there was also a part of him that felt grateful and relieved, for this burden was now lifted off of him.

With a head full of worries and questions, Jeremy managed to fall asleep, though all his thoughts followed him into dreamland and for that he ended up dreaming about Damon, Stefan, and Elena, the old Mystic Falls, a scrawny kid named Kol who was loved by his family, and a sorcerer teacher, who tried his best to protect those around him.


Jeremy woke up early the next morning at the sound of somebody rampaging through the room. He opened his eyes wide, only to see the little ghost boy going through the drawer next to him.

"Hey kid!" said Jeremy annoyed, "what are you doing? I was sleeping!"

The child ignored him and continued looking purposefully around the room.

"Whatever, I don't care" Jeremy turned to the other side, hoping to fall asleep again, but his curiosity was bigger than his tiredness, so he eventually got up. "What are you searching for?"

The little boy turned his big, brown eyes and looked at him as if he was a complete idiot.

"You can totally speak, right? You're just doing this to annoy me!" Jeremy pointed a finger at him.

The child smirked but again refused to say anything.

"You little jerk…" Jeremy yawned and decided to get dressed. Alexandros clearly had been planning to abduct him for quite a while, since there was a wardrobe full of clothes and shoes that fit his size perfectly. He put on the first shirt and pair of pants he got his hands on and watched calmly, as the child continued its search.

He was sleepy, bored, confused, and somewhat hungry since he didn't get to eat his dinner the night before, so his patience was limited.

"If you tell me what you're looking for, I'll help you find it" he said, trying to keep his calm.

The child ignored him as always and Jeremy finally gave up. He approached the door and knocked it a couple of times, hoping that Mr. Rochus would be there to open it for him. He waited for a couple minutes but nothing happened. He knocked again. Silence.

He put his hand on the door handle and pulled. It opened. Just like that, the door was open. Did Mr. Rochus forget to lock him in? Jeremy stood still at the sight of the open door, thinking very carefully what his next move should be.

"I can make a run for it" he thought to himself but very fast tossed that idea away. He had no clue where he was and how to get back home, also if he was to get caught, which was the most probable scenario, he would end up getting into more trouble than he already was. Alexandros had made it very clear that if he behaved, his life there would be easier. That was an advice he had to take seriously.

"He's testing me, to see what I'm going to do" Jeremy decided, "of course he's testing me, he wants to see if I'll run away"

He turned to look back at the little boy who was now on his hands and knees, looking under Jeremy's bed. "I'm going down for breakfast" he informed him as if the child cared and went out into the hallway.

He walked downstairs, passed the room with the piano, and entered the dining room in which he ate the night before. He sat awkwardly at a chair, crossed his arms, and waited patiently for somebody to arrive. He was the poster boy for well-behaved captives.

Alexandros arrived about twenty minutes later and was puzzled to find Jeremy there.

"Good morning, Jeremy" he looked strangely at the boy, "did you sleep well?"

"Yes" Jeremy lied.

Alexandros nodded.

"Mr. Rochus forgot to lock the door, so I came here" Jeremy informed him in a very matter-of-factly tone.

"Oh I see…" comprehension downed upon the man's face, "however, Mr. Rochus did not forget. Your door will not be locked from now on" he announced simply, "I told you, Jeremy, you are my guest here, and as long as you behave like a guest, it's only fair that I treat you like one"

Jeremy was clearly very taken aback by the man's words, but the only thing he managed to say was, "thank you".

Now was the time for him to start thinking of a good escape plan.

>