

He woke in bed, wrapped in a familiar embrace, feeling warmth along his back and side, ensconced in the arms of his partner. The warmth wasn't just physical but also in his mind, and memories lapped at his consciousness.

He felt the heat rise in his face and fought down a very physical reaction to the memories. Very passionate, intense and hot memories.


Well, fuck
, he thought.

In every sense of the word.

Paul had never been this wired, this close to the edge, this… dominant… demanding… possessive. There had been a sliver of fear, a harsh, inner debate whether he was too alien, too Mysteron, that he was taking and not giving. That he was not himself. Because Paul wasn't rough, disregarding his partner's pleasures.

Adam had silenced those voices. That one voice that had been low and dark and like the voice of the Mysterons.

He hadn't taken by force. He hadn't forced Adam in any way. He hadn't dominated. Yes, there had been a lot of passion involved, some cursing, probably leaving a few bruises on each other's skin, but nothing showed now. Paul healed fast and Adam was his anchor.

In so many ways.

Paul felt himself smile involuntarily, looking at the blond head. He was human where it mattered. Adam had shown that to him.

The pleasantly hard, warm body next to him moved a little.

"Adam," he murmured.

"Here," was the low rumble.

Paul smiled more and buried his face against the warmth automatically. He felt incredibly relaxed. The connection between them was close to alive, an almost physical sensation.

Adam trailed his fingers over the naked skin within his reach, all comfortable heat and well-known scent.

"Stop thinking," he rumbled.

"Am not."

It got him a grunt.

"Really."

"That would be news," was the lazy comment.

Paul finally pushed himself up and looked into the handsome face of his partner, his best friend, the man who would be at his side forever. He took in the blue eyes, the pale blond stubble, the short-cropped, equally pale bond hair. He touched the strong jaw, felt the bristles, felt the warmth.

"Newsflash," Paul teased and leaned down, the kiss exploratory and warm, slowly opening up.

Adam made a pleasurable noise.

"Worked, hm?" he murmured when they parted. "Got you to let go."

Oh yeah. He had. He had let go and taken.

"I still lost control."

There had been a bite mark, but it had looked more like a hickey. No blood. It was gone now.

"In a good way," Adam added, the grin cocky and very, very pleased. "Like I said, there's loss of control and then there's you. You're not my first, Paul. This was intense, sure. Because of the whole UST between us. Because I really wanted you. Because I wanted
this
. Intensity and all. It wasn't unwanted, though. It was you and I wanted you and still do. I'm not breakable. Not made of glass."

"I guess."

"Nope, no guessing. It was fantastic. Also very human, Paul. No glowing eyes or shifting body parts where there shouldn't be." The grin was wider now. "Did you some good."

"Yeah," he agreed.

"Told ya."

He silenced the mocking tease with another kiss.

Paul felt something shiver through him. It was powerful and pushy and hungry.

Adam teasingly nipped at his lower lip.

"Adam…"

"Go with the flow," the blond whispered.

X

Hands slid over naked, warm skin.

X

Warm skin between them and no clothes.

X

Glacial had gone out the window last night.

X

And Paul gave in to the need, easy and almost calm in the eye of his emotional storm. He let himself go, experience something he had denied himself for so long, and it was wonderful.

It freed him.

And it made him so much more human than anything else before.

x X XX xx X XX xxx x X XX xx X XX xxx x X

Adam's face was flushed and he was breathing harder than before.

Paul lay next to him, breathing equally hard, hearing his heart drum in his ears. Tremors raced through him from the intense climax he had just experienced. Gentle strokes over his sweat-slicked skin made him shiver and a kiss was placed onto his heaving chest. He turned his head and looked into the dazed blue eyes of his lover.

"Hot damn," Adam sighed.

"My thought exactly," Paul answered, the rush of his own release still ringing between them.

Adam grinned, then his brow rose as he discovered that his partner was still hard. "Recuperative powers, hm?"

"Probably."

"I think we're going to have a lot of fun with that. If you give me a moment to get over how sore I am."

Paul chuckled and drew him close, lips playfully nipping at Adam's. Strong arms came around him, pillowing his head against one shoulder. Warm skin, Adam's scent, the soft breath against his hair, it all made him relax even further.

Paul wrapped an arm around the slender waist and snuggled closer, feeling incredibly content all of a sudden. Safe and content.

The embrace tightened briefly and Adam nuzzled his hair.

"Y'know I got you to help me along with soreness, Paul," Adam remarked after a moment.

Paul snorted. "Worst come on ever."

"I can feel you, Paul." A hand slid lower.

"Adam…"

"Stop thinking, okay?"

Adam pushed himself up and straddled the dark-haired man. Paul groaned softly into the kiss and let his partner take the lead.

x X XX xx X XX xxx x X XX xx X XX xxx x X

He had dozed off, which was still a novelty to date and never ceased to amaze him. Paul woke to the pleasant smell of coffee. Adam had left the bed and judging from the lack of warmth and the enticing smell, it had been a while.

"Ready to face the world?" Adam called, sounding too amused and too awake for Paul's liking.

He was offered the coffee and sat up, still naked as the day he was born, and sipped at the black liquid. From the way Adam was watching, he enjoyed the display.

"Showered already?" Paul asked, taking in the clean look, the clothes, the damp hair.

"You were out like a light, partner. If I didn't know it means you're relaxing, I'd take it personally that I can put you to sleep."

Paul grimaced and Adam smiled more.

"Any plans?" the blond asked.

"Not so far. Haven't had time to read the brochures."

Adam leaned against the door jamb. "No brochures. We got a cottage, we got a car, we got miles of landscape and fun times ahead."

"It's Iceland in March, Adam. It's not even daylight yet and it'll be dark by five."

"There are a lot of ways to have fun."

"One track mind."

"You, maybe," Adam replied mischievously. "I was thinking DVD marathons."

Paul chuckled and emptied the coffee. He rose, the blanket sliding away, and from Adam's expression, the show was very much enjoyed indeed.

"I'll have a shower, then we can make plans for today," he said casually.

"Uh-hn," his partner managed, holding the empty mug, clearly trying to pull his mind out of the gutter.

Paul shook his head, still smiling, and disappeared in the bathroom.

x X XX xx X XX xxx x X XX xx X XX xxx x X

He wouldn't have believed a word if someone had told him that they would spend a week in Iceland, with no mission to call them back, with no emergency requiring their return, with no one after Captain Scarlet. No Mysterons, no nothing.

Paul had never felt so at ease, so relaxed, so completely… himself, for years. Two years.

A very long time.

It wasn't just the fact that he and Adam had taken a big step in their relationship, adding the complete physical aspect to the already growing intimacy between them. It was how he looked at his partner now.

Adam had trusted him. Had taught him to trust himself. Had shown him that there was no monster lurking underneath the human façade, ready to lash out and harm and hurt and destroy what they had. He hadn't lost himself in the tidal wave of emotions. The fear had been unfounded. Yes, he had lost control, but in a good way.

Adam only agreed.

It was amazing. It was liberating. It was… like a door closing and so many new ones now open to him.

Closing his bag, he looked at the blond puttering around outside, loading the car, checking the car, or just enjoying the serenity of the silent land around them.

His anchor.

Paul had never allowed himself to experience the absolute calm and happiness that had come with the realization that he was now complete. He had been scared, actually terrified, and he had wanted to protect his partner.

From himself. From the Mysteron he was.

"Deep thoughts again."

The remark had him chuckle and turn. "Kinda. This was… great, Adam. All of this. Away from Skybase, from the others, from the Mysteron threat. I could get used to it."

"Then we repeat it. Somewhere else undisclosed. Keep them guessing." Adam smiled. "You have so many vacation days left, Colonel White wouldn't mind."

"And you?"

"I'll tag along and keep an eye on you."

Paul chuckled and hefted his beg. He walked up to Adam and leaned in for a quick kiss.

"Let's go home."

x X XX xx X XX xxx x X XX xx X XX xxx x X

The helicopter picking them up was piloted by Lieutenant Ochre, who took one look at them and grinned broadly.

"Iain better hand over those bills now."

Adam sighed and shook his head.

Paul just groaned softly and slumped into his seat.

Right.

A bet.

On them.

He should have figured.

x X XX xx X XX xxx x X XX xx X XX xx XX xx X XX xxx x X XX xx X XX xx XX xx X XX xxx x X XX xx X XX xx XX xx X XX xxx x X XX xx X XX xxx x X

Colonel White stood at the observation window and looked down onto the flight deck. The helicopter with Scarlet and Blue had just returned and the two men, still in their civilian outfits, had stepped off. They were by now in the closed off and protected area that led straight into their flying home.

White smiled a little to himself as he noticed the ease between the partners, how close they were without actually showing it with physical gestures.

It had been a good decision. One of his best, maybe.

Of course, he hadn't made the decision to choose Adam Svenson as Captain Scarlet's anchor. That had been Scarlet's instinctive decision all on his own.

No, he had supported it. Like Gold supported it. Scarlet needed Blue. Paul needed Adam. It was so simply and yet so complicated, too.

White didn't care how this anchor expressed itself. The bond was there to stay and nothing anyone could say or do would change that. Everyone would have to adapt and in this war, adaptation was mandatory. It was needed and it was a given.

The door to his office slid open and he turned, giving the two men a nod.

"Gentlemen."

"Colonel," Paul said formally.

They had yet to change into their uniforms. White took in the way they stood slightly to attention, close and yet apart, and how the tension that always seemed to flow through Scarlet was missing. His eyes looked so much more alive, so much more like that man he had been before that fateful day on Mars.

"I take it you enjoyed your time off."

Adam smiled, eyes just as alive as Paul's. "Yes, sir. No troubles."

"Aside from a few minor incidents, none of them related to Mysteron activity, it was a quiet week here as well. Let's hope we can enjoy it a little longer."

Both nodded.

"You're back on duty tomorrow morning," White continued. "Make the most of the rest of your vacation."

He gave them a brief smile and could have sworn there was almost a smirk on Adam's lips.

"Thank you, sir."

There was an exchange of looks, then Captain Blue left.

"Captain?" White asked, raising his eyebrows slightly as Scarlet remained.

"Sir. I'd like to… thank you for… your acceptance."

Now the brows lowered.

"The anchor is one thing, but the connection that as now formed between me and Captain Blue has grown quite… intense and more…" he hesitated, "intimate," he finally said.

"Paul," White said softly, walking around his desk and facing his younger subordinate. "What happened to you in the past was one of the worst things I can imagine happening to someone. I am your superior officer here at Spectrum and as such I will put to use your skills and abilities, but I never forget that you're human, Paul. Like all of us. You give your life on a regular basis, with no regard to the pain and possibility that it might be permanent."

Scarlet looked away, face a little paler now. White knew next to nothing about the pain, true, but he knew this man. Paul Metcalfe was a soldier, a warrior, but he was also human and he had a human soul. Dying again and again… it tore into that human soul.

"The anchor forming was a gift. That it progressed this far, that you allowed it to go this far, was a blessing. Paul…"

Scarlet looked at him.

White gave him a calm smile. "I don't care what you two do, how this connection is expressed, as long as there is no overt public display of affection."

Scarlet opened his mouth to protest, but his commander raised a hand.

"Let me finish. I have watched you in the past years and I know you have been best friends throughout those years. I know you have become more and that you need it, Captain. You are nothing if not professional and so is Captain Blue. Keep it that way in the public eye. You are both past the teenage stage, I take it."

Scarlet flushed a little. "Yes, sir."

"Good." He smiled a little. "Let me reassure you, Captain, that I support the anchor and your connection to Captain Blue. You chose him. You need him. He isn't a liability and never has been. You two are partners, a team, and you trust each other. That is all I need to know."

"Sir," he said, swallowing.

"Now, I believe you still have a few hours of your vacation left. I'd say enjoy it."

Scarlet nodded, the tension that had crept up into his stance easing. "We will, colonel."

And then he was gone.

White chuckled a little to himself. He would keep an eye on the two men, as he had always done. Captain Scarlet was a capable soldier, their best asset in this war, and Captain Blue was his anchor and his shield. Scarlet wouldn't be alone in this, in his future. He would have companion he needed and accepted and, most importantly, one he trusted.

Yes, it would be interesting to see the developments. He was sure there would be more to come.

x X XX xx X XX xxx x X XX xx X XX xx XX xx X XX xxx x X XX xx X XX xx XX xx X XX xxx x X XX xx X XX xx XX xx X XX xxx x X XX xx X XX xxx x X

Adam visibly held back not to laugh out loud an Paul shot him a scowl.

"This is priceless," his partner finally blurted and chuckled.

Paul plopped down beside him and elbowed him gently. "Stop it."

"You know that the Colonel more or less told us to make out as much as we want as long as we keep it behind closed doors?"

He grimaced. "He didn't."

"I said more or less." Adam pushed himself up and straddled the dark-haired man, smiling softly. "And I'm all for it. 'Cause I like making out with you. It also keeps you evened out, right?"

Paul's hands were on the slender waist, brushing over the black shirt his best friend and partner was wearing.

"It does."

"Good deeds and all. Let's just say I'll gladly follow orders then."

He leaned down and kissed Paul, and Paul opened up, feeling the familiar shiver or pleasure. This would never get old.

His hands slid over the firm buttocks and Adam slid closer, lips sliding off lips, and Paul took the opportunity to trail a wet path of kisses, licks and nips down the strong throat.

x X XX xx X XX xxx x X XX xx X XX xxx x X

They fell together, easy, comfortable, familiar with the other body already. And still there was so much they were still learning. Paul was amazed at the ease with which he had slid into this next step of their relationship. It was pure wonder for him to experience Adam this way, to feel him move into his touch, into his caresses. Or to feel Adam with him, the hands on Paul's body so sure and calm and balancing.

His anchor.

The one who made him absolutely human.

Adam came with a low groan, spilling into Paul's hands, and he kissed him hard, mouths clashing roughly, fervently.

"Adam…" he breathed.

"Got you," was the soft answer, filled with so much passion and hunger.

Adam groaned again when Paul continued to pump him, sensitive and needy in one. Paul released him after a last tug.

"You think you can keep your hands off me tomorrow?" the blond asked, sounding malleable and sleepy in one, but the teasing note was audible.

"Will be hard," Paul replied and kissed him.

"Since you're such a shining example of uncontrolled behavior on duty…"

"Oh, shut up."

Adam grinned and stroked along his sides. "I know the switch you throw, Paul. You'll be completely professional the moment we walk out that door tomorrow morning. PDA is something White won't have to worry about."

"Probably not."

"Definitely not. But this isn't public, so…"

"Insatiable much?" Paul asked, but easily accepted the offer.

Adam didn't reply, just latched onto him with a hard kiss.

fin!

>