

"I honestly didn't know whatever I should be thankful for you two, we've discovered the secret Sith army full of dark side creatures, but we also already eat some of them!" scold Obi-Wan while fending off the dark energy attacks launched by the dark blue horse.

"Correction Obi-Wan, we only eat one of them! Snips only eat normal rabbits and squirrels!" said Anakin, while fending off the purple horse's telekinetic as well as energy attacks.

"Kriff, these creatures are powerful!" said Ahsoka while she desperately block some telekinetic attacks done by the white horse in armor.

"I think I had an idea Obi-Wan!" said Anakin who then suddenly leapt toward the unwary white horse (it's focus are on Obi-Wan), grip it's horn with his own force enchanced Grip, and forcefully yank the horn, breaking it in the process and leaving the white horse fallen, writhing in pain on the ground, with bloody stump where it's horn are present before. Anakin then raising his lightsaber high, closing for the killing blow, but then he was blasted by yellow and bright blue energy beams. Causing him to be thrown at the trees and break one of it.

"Kriffin Bastards!" said Anakin while he stand again, recovering from the sudden attacks, but then, two other horse-like creatures appeared, both with wings and horns. One is white with ethereal green mane, and one is pink with purple-pink and white streaked mane. The pink one appears to somehow engulf the wounded white un-horned horse with a force field, and the white one with green mane resuming the attacks on Anakin, with much more powerful force attacks.

"Aim for the Horns! Those are the source of their force powers!" said Ahsoka.

"But... I still feel that we should at least..." said Obi-Wan, but Anakin quickly cut him off.

"These are Sith Horses! A normal foodstuffs imbued by the dark side and Sith Alchemy! As long as we didn't eat the horned one, they are just an usual, tasty foodstuffs!" replied Anakin while trying his best to deflect a big fire blast launched by the white with green and pinkish maned one..

"Yeah! The Sith Obviously want us to be vegetarians! So they choose to empowered those foodstuffs!" add Ahsoka.

"But what if they are like the Ewoks..." said Obi-Wan.

"Yoda ate Ewoks, therefore Ewoks is foodstuffs!" replied Anakin while still fending off the enraged horses' force attacks.

"Wait masters! There is more of them!" said Ahsoka while pointing out that there are five more enter the fray... each one of the five has some kind of necklaces on them, and the Orange one is suspiciously like the one they've seen earlier... looks like it just spent it's time crying?

"... keep on your guard." Obi-Wan could only said that, when the purple horned and winged horse suddenly leapt to the five newcomer, and somehow prepares to launch a powerful, concentrated force attack. Furthermore, the white with green manes and dark blue with ethereal blue manes also behind them, and giving force powers as well...

"I... have a baaaaaddddd feelings about this..."

"..."

And suddenly Obi-Wan, Anakin, and Ahsoka found themselves engulfed in a bright blast... Anakin actually said something in the line of "Padmeeeee" or something, but since Obi-Wan and Ahsoka are busy with their own as well, they didn't actually look about it... until...


"..."


"NOOOOOOOOO PADMEEEEEEEEEE!"

"Padawan Skywalker! why are you shouting like that?!" said Mace Windu, seems both irritated as well as disappointed.

"M... Master Windu! Where is Obi-Wan and Ahsoka...?" asked Anakin, so suddenly...

"Obi-Wan? You're looking for Obi-Wan? and who's this Ahsoka?" said Mace, who immediately follow with a smack on Anakin's head.

"Ow... what..." said Anakin while trying to defend himself with his right... wait... why does his right hand feels so natural now... and it feels pain when Windu smack on it? And why it was somewhat smaller?

"Padawan Skywalker, you are to be suspended today for disrupting class, and your punishment will be a twenty four hours worth of continous meditation! As where your master is, I'll inform him about your disappointing behaviour today!"

"B... but... the war! We... we... are in the middle of..."

"What war? Padawan Skywalker..." said Mace while trying to use mind probes because he found Anakin's panic and frightened behaviour somewhat unsettling, and while Anakin immediately try to shut up his mind with a mind shield, Mace already seen a glimpse of brutal wars, deaths, and... Dooku turned evil? Yeah, Master Dooku is just recently leaving the order two years ago to pursue his interests in politics, but...

"WHAT? P... Padawan Skywalker... I... I will tell this to the council, but I need your utmost cooperation... I understand that it seems you just got a Vision from the Force!" said Mace while immediately darting out from the classroom. And Anakin suddenly found himself as the center attention of... some other fourteen years old padawans?"

"Anakin, what just happened?" said someone, who Anakin swears like what Barris Offe was used to be as fourteen years old Padawan.

"You just got a force vision? Cool!" said another Padawan who looks like younger version of Ferrus Olin.

"Whe... where am I..." asked Anakin, somewhat both confused and a bit puzzled, especially when he reaches deep into the force, and found those two are really Barris Offe and Ferrus Olin.

"Umm, at Master Windu's Force Philosophy class?" said Barris.

"What?..." said Anakin while suddenly, Master Windu, as well as looks very distressed, and much younger and mostly beardless Obi-Wan Kenobi burst into the room.

"Today's class are dismissed... Padawan Skywalker, you and your Master will do a full report of your visions, both of you, in front of the Jedi High Council. I'm sorry for what I've done to you earlier, Skywalker, but I honestly didn't know about the circumstances!"

"Anakin! I'm glad to see you! Did you remembered our last misfortune with the horses on an unknown planet?!" said Obi-Wan.

"Wait Obi-Wan, did you meant when we eat a horse, kill some, and then battling some force-sensitive horses too?" said Anakin, earning him weird, but somewhat accepting looks from Mace Windu.

"Yes, with Ahsoka too... now, where is sh..." said Obi-Wan while suddenly, Kit Fisto and Plo Koon entered the room, carrying a crying, six years old Ahsoka Tano.

"Ah, there they are..." said Kit Fisto.

"Good, now, we can verify are those are indeed force visions, or something worse..." said Mace Windu...



Meanwhile, in equestria:


Princess Celestia is comforting a younger Twilight Sparkle, who is crying her hearts out at her mentor's warm hug.

"There... there... no need to cry Twilight... the time-reversal spell worked properly... we have eight years to prepare for the upcomings of those Abominations..." said Princess Celestia softly...

"B... but... I miss my friends... and... Princess Luna is still..."

"I sense her already... indeed, currently, she's still battling the Nightmare Moon by herself in the moon... I'll soon go there and help her... I feel that she also remembered everything..."

"S... so... m... my friends..."

"Shush... don't cry... don't cry... After I visit my sister in the moon and freed her... we will go to ponyville and gather all the mane six, this time much earlier... after we sacrificed the elements of harmony to do the time-reversal spell... we must look for another source of power..."

"Y..."

"Shush... don't worry Twilight... everything would be fine... We will be prepared for the comings of those Abominations, and we will vanquish all of them..."

"Yes... I know, they're coming from the space... but we still have our chances..."




THE END...



>