


Prologue


Two months after Gene's funeral.


It's unusual for SPR to be quiet at any given time. The occasional shouts for tea, the frequent bickering, the laughter and mayhem. Upon entering its doors again, I was met by the ghost of those memories. You know, like when you see it all happen in front of you and even hear it. Then you realize, it's just not there. And you'll feel empty because it
is
empty. Having those people around me, the good times and the bad, was like having a precious diamond. It was one of a kind, and when I lost it I knew I lost a lot not just because of its value but because of its history.

When Naru told everyone that he'll be returning to England for Gene's funeral, the first emotion I felt was fear. I know it was wrong. That it should have been have been sadness or even sympathy but first and foremost was really fear. Fear that he'll never come back, fear that I'll never see anyone again, fear that it was just that easy for him to let it all—let all of us—go. SPR became my family and in a way, I felt that it was just so wrong to set it aside just like that. I know it's irrational but there was only one thing I wanted to hear when he said his goodbye. It wasn't even a goodbye by the way, more like ordering us to pack up and leave because he needed to go back fast. I just wanted to hear him say he'll be back.

He was the reason why I met these people, Bou-san, Ayako, Yasu, even Masako. He was such a large part of my life—even if he has no idea how much—that if he's gone, he'd take a huge part of myself with him. But he didn't know that, the idiot scientist.

During my free time, I visit SPR, which, right now isn't really SPR anymore. It's just a vacant space for rent, empty without a single furniture in sight. I take coffee or tea at the café below then visit upstairs. The building manager gave me keys when I offered to clean it almost every week. Of course, who would turn that offer down right? Besides, there was nothing to steal, it was empty as Naru's teacup five minutes after I served it to him. Cleaning the place was my way of keeping the memories alive. I'm afraid I'll forget. Forget what my friends looked like, how the act, how we had that little family for some years.

Since Naru took off without looking back, Bou-san, Ayako, Masako and Yasu had more time and they ventured to their original careers. Bou-san occasionally sends me tickets to his gigs and Ayako calls me once in a while telling me about her patients, some funny and some inspiring stories she encounters in her line of work. Yasu offered to tutor me when he has free time but Masako became completely cut off from everyone, which was really unexpected. Well for me anyway.

So there, I went with my usual routine in cleaning the place. It was fun in its own way, thankfully I'm the only one in here when I clean up. Sometimes I laugh when I remember a joke Bou-san said or when Yasu has a deviant plan forming in his tricky mind.

I did some sweeping and polishing on the floors, and some with the ceiling, cobwebs and all. It was already dark when I closed up and ready myself to go home.

That was when I saw a familiar figure walking in the dark, around the corner of the café.

My heart stopped.

My breath hitched.

It came out in almost a wheeze.


"Naru.."




Heya! I hope you like this one.


Well, read and review okay? okay.


I'll be updating Collar Me in a few hours so stand by~



Thank y'all for the support. :*


Hearts and flowers,





ProvocativelyTactile





>