

Chapter 10

The wind felt cold against my tear-stained cheeks. I didn't bother wiping it, I just let it fall down. I didn't have the strength to do so. I mean, why bother when there'll be a fresh wave after you wipe it down? Three times I've cried like this. My mother's funeral, the day after Naru left and today. I have had enough.

I was a couple of blocks away from my apartment when I stumbled to the community jogging park. I almost laughed, then cringed as I imagined how crazy I must be looking like right now. There must be something about parks the draws people in need of solitude, no matter if it's day or night. And it seems like I'm not the only one. There was a man lounging haphazardly at one of the bench, as if he owns it. One arm behind his head to cushion it and a phone on the other, placed on his right ear. His feet were crossed and he was in a very heated argument with someone on the phone. He didn't even notice me.

I didn't sense any danger on him so I left him alone. It was none of my business, he was none of my business.

Bypassing the usual cliché, instead of the swing I decided on sitting at lower end of the see-saw. I crossed my arms at the handle and leaned into it. I slowly calmed down. Who wouldn't? The slight cold breeze, the hummed silence… It almost made me want to fall asleep.

After a few minutes of calm, the tears finally dried down but I kept my head low. The argument the man was into was getting intense to the point that I can't help but hear it some of it.

"…gone now…"

"…felt it too but…"

Huh, break up?

"…why I'm here!"

"I'm not your slave.. I don't…"

A very familiar conversation for me. I almost let out a snort.

"Look, I did my best but you…"

There were more about him telling her that it wasn't even his obligation, yadda, yadda, yadda… That he was doing it out of favor… He tried to get there as fast as he could, it wasn't his fault he arrived to late…

These arguments remind me about what I told Naru before I walked out. I'm really an idiot who lets my feelings get the best of me. I should really stop letting my heart lead my life.

I was unfair to him.

It wasn't Naru's fault he doesn't like be back. It's not his obligation to love me back and knowing so wouldn't really have made it all better. It wasn't his fault the he built a wall of skepticism to protect him from false affection which may have been directed to his brother (But that one, slightly his fault: He's emotionally constipated). It's not his fault he can't remember but you have to admit, it's definitely his fault that I had to build my own wall.

Naru did what he thought was best. Frankly, the following week after Naru left that one week of depression, I spent it thinking and sorting out my feelings. By the end of that week I was a hundred percent sure that Naru was the one I loved. But it's too late now, isn't it?

Naru might like me now but what if he recollect all his memories back? Would he remember his doubts? His deduction from my confession? What he is now is tempting, so damn tempting. But I know what happened to Eve the moment she bit that apple.

If you don't know how good something can be, you don't know how bad you'll miss it when it's gone. A lifetime of missing what we could've had is not worth taking that chance. If I was a little more brave, maybe…

"Ahh!" I let our a short scream of surprise and panic when my side of the see-saw rose abruptly from the ground. I also clung to the handle as if my life depended on it. Maybe it does.

A moment after I realized that I wasn't going down, I lifted up my head I found myself face to face with Mr. Break-up from the bench.

One thing, I do not appreciate being interrupted from my personal heart-to-heart with myself.

"What is your problem? Let me down! You scared the heck out of me!" I ranted. "I do not appreciate being interrupted from my personal heart-to-heart with myself." Yes, I said the out loud to a total stranger.

"You've been crying." Was all he said to me.

"No shit, Sherlock." Yes, I finally got to use that phrase!

In all fairness, I do appreciate being interrupted after all. I know there's something wrong when you start to psychoanalyze yourself and start regretting things that hadn't even happened yet.

As if reading my mind, one side of his mouth lifted up but didn't say anything.

"Aren't you afraid of me?" He asked.

"Nah, I can sense danger. You aren't one." I replied as I slumped back to the handle, burying half my face in my arms. I was still high up my the way.

"Like spidey-sense?" He laughed.

"Something like that." I mutter.

"Are you drunk?" He asked.

"Do I look like I'm drunk?"

"Not particularly, but were crying and most crying is associated with drinking especially when you end up in a public place at the middle of the night."

"Nope, not drunk. Just a little woozy from my crying jag. I'm okay if that's what you're concerned about. You can go now."

He kept staring at me so I stared back.

Upon closer look, I realized that though he spoke Japanese, he wasn't one. He had ash blond hair and electric blue eyes.

"You look like a snow fairy. Leave me alone." He laughed at that one too.

"I was here first." He replied.

"Well, are you a snow fairy? Christmas is coming closer by the way. No, I was here first. You were at the bench." He did look like a snow fairy, minus the wings. It was a fair question.

"No. Did you seriously ask me that? And, alright you were here first."

"Yes, you heard right? You even answered. Good, now that that's all cleared up please go back to your side of the park." But he didn't move, he kept looking at me as if searching for something to say.

"You look like a forest or autumn fairy." Cute.

"Thank you, now go away." I replied, still trying to make him go away.

"Why were you crying?" He asked.

"Why would I answer?" I shot back.

"Because I asked?" He replied.

"…" Now that's a tricky one.

"Well?" He said as if waiting, which he actually is.

"Why did you break up with your girlfriend?" I bent the conversation curve.

"You heard that, huh? She's not my girlfriend." He said with a smile.

"So it's that kind of relationship, huh?" I replied with a raised eyebrow.

"Perv. Now answer. Please?" He said with a laugh then sober seriousness.

I sighed and told him generally what happened. Minus the names of course.

"Why don't you give it a chance?" He told me.

"Didn't you listen to anything I said? It's a foregone conclusion." I said in frustration.

Sometimes it's better to unload to someone you didn't really know. It can be the last time you saw them and they can't give you biased opinions based on who's friend of who.

"Didn't it ever occur to you that he liked you then? But as you said, he just had walls. And now, those walls are down." He told me. Reasonable, but I'm not buying it.

"Not bloody likely." I muttered.

"Okay then, why don't you give me a chance?" He said in a boyish grin. I snorted.

"More not bloody likely. You just broke up with you girlfriend and now you're hitting on a crying girl you met at the night in a park?"

"That's a nice way to sum it up. But she's really not—"

I waved my arms to cut him off.

"I'm currently emotionally unstable, you're taking advantage of my vulnerability." I laughed.

"That's also a nice way to put it." He replied unabashed.

That's when we both heard it and turned our heads.

"Mai!"

It was Naru. Great. When I finally have Naru-free thoughts for five minutes, he shows up.

"Is that him?" Mr. Snow fairy asked.

"Yep, the black prince has arrived."

Naru went straight to me, hefted me up from the see-saw, glancing once at Mr. Snow fairy then totally ignoring him. Kind off.

"Why did you run of like that?" He demanded. "We could've talked it though at our apartment." I raised an eyebrow at that dig. "It's dangerous to go out at night. There are dangerous people out here." I nearly laughed. So did Mr. Snow fairy.

Naru effectively put his body between me and Mr. Snow fairy and guided me outside the park. Before we went to far I went to my toes and shouted, "Bye, Snow fairy! I hope we meet again!"

"Bye Autumn fairy!" He shouted back.

That was that and I let Naru drag me home.

If you didn't notice, I still hadn't spoken a word to him. And I'm not planning to any sooner.


Mr. Snow fairy was out of sight so I didn't see or hear.

He leaned forward to the handle of the see-saw but he gazed up at the stars, pulling his phone from his pocket he dialed the number that last called him. He hates to be the bearer of bad news to the little Autumn fairy but he needs to call his sister to give the good news.

"Amarantha, I may have found Dr. Davis after all."



*EVIL GRIN*



hahaha XD



Soooooo.. This is chapter 10 by the way. So if you hadn't read Naru's POV after Mai left it's the chapter before this one. Double-update. Ain't I awesome? LOL jk.



I would appreciate if you guys review on both chapter though. Thank you~



Happy Easter!



Hearts and flowers,





ProvocativelyTactile





P.S. I believe in the Easter Bunny, Santa Claus, Tooth Fairy, Sandman and Jack Frost. ;)



P.P.S. Jack Frost = Yum.


>