

A/N: It's been a while! Feel free to read the recap, which covers from the prologue to the previous chapter.


Recap:


Breath, blood, and bone. The required ingredients to cloak Voldemort in flesh once more. However, Voldemort was not the only one to return that night. Tom Riddle was freed from his Horcrux prison, and they witnessed the strange alliance. Harry was made to forget. Harry knew he was dead even when he returned to Hogwarts infirmary, but it turned out he wasn't. He spent a lonely, uninformed summer at the Dursleys. He was unable to come to terms with his severed memories or the changes in his mind. This is a story exploring what it means to be unbalanced.

The rest of the Wizarding world is informed of Harry and Dumbledore's break with reality. Articles declaring him and Dumbledore both liars, unstable- it builds up to when Umbridge is assigned as Super-Independent of Hogwarts, and Lockhart is unflappably cheery and somehow eerie defense teacher that year.

Back in Hogwarts, Harry's world view shifts as he realizes Tom has come to live as a student in Hogwarts. Tom wastes no time pointing fingers at Dumbledore, and the rest of the school has modified their understanding to fit Tom Riddle in as a quiet Slytherin, a poor boy that's a year younger than Harry. Harry gets detention with Umbridge, and the Beast attacks Hogwarts in September. This is the sign Harry was waiting for- Tom Riddle isn't evil (he tried to save Harry), and the Beast was attempting to spirit Tom away.

With new interest in fairy tales and all-things Tom Riddle, Harry begins Occlumency with Snape. Then Lockhart attacks one Hogsmeade weekend, and the Beast returns to snatch Tom away, successfully this time. Harry and Snape's relationship takes a turn for the worst, and Harry sees Ron's father attacked by Voldemort's snake. Over the winter holidays, Sirius finally learns that Tom is a Slytherin and connected with Voldemort, and it looks like Lockhart's memories have been modified before anyone could question him.


This time
: Snape is not happy Harry left for the holidays, and abruptly resumes Occlumency lessons. Harry must come to terms with his fragmented memories from the graveyard.


A/N 2:
Also, my sincere apologies for being so late. I was swamped with school, research projects, and some stressing and depressing personal things. Sometimes I wonder I bother at all, but on the bright side, that is really good character inspiration. (: I am still looking for a beta, and will (eventually) finish, but I've got one more year of Uni and it's not likely to get any easier—soooo…your comments will remind me I have a story to write? Otherwise I just plain forget about it. (embarrassed) SORRY!



Chapter 19:
Coming to terms with the graveyard

"And so the prodigal child returns. Umbridge isn't pleased with you. The acting Headmistress wishes to know what you thought you were doing over winter holidays. Come with me now." Severus Snape wasted no time cornering Harry. They were met at Grate of the Fireplace, and with soot in his hair, Harry found himself scowling down a familiar corridor. They were heading toward Umbridge's office.

Behind him, Ron and his family made a ruckus, but there was no Hermione to forestall Snape's actions. She was probably on the Hogwarts express, and Snape could easily ignore a bunch of Gryffindor Weasleys hollering at him to wait.

"You know what I was doing." Harry said heatedly. "I was visiting the Weasleys in Hospital, learning about stigmatism, and enjoying break with Snuffles."

"You should never have left term early. She is angrier than you can possibly imagine. Do
no
Gryffindors possess an ounce of sense? What was the
point?
" Snape pushed Harry gently, corralling him in the right direction.

This was unfair. Harry now saw that Snape was playing him right into Umbridge's arms out of spite—he was probably angry about not being invited. Or perhaps still mad about the Penseive.

When they opened the door, however, only the tiny mewls of painted cats greeted him. The acting Headmistress was not in sight. Well. That was odd.

"Where is she?" Harry asked.

"She won't be joining us until later, I'm afraid." Snape said coldly.

"I didn't take anything." Harry said stoutly.

Snape ignored that. "You see," he spoke slowly, "I've had a lot of time to think about what you did. And I have determined that the root of your…unsettledness…is at the Graveyard. You refuse to let go—to even think about it outright. It isn't healthy, Mr. Potter, and you
should know
that I only have your best interests
at heart.
"

If Snape hadn't said it so viciously, Harry might have believed him. Instead, he stared stubbornly at the Potions Master. "Don't you already know what happened? You're a Death Eater!" He palmed his wand into his hand and prepared to make a shield spell, and just in time.

"I cannot heal you if you refuse to acknowledge what happened." Snape said reasonably, but his black eyes glittered.

"No." Harry disagreed.

"
Legilimens!"
Snape roared.

Harry managed to deflect it—but not the second volley. Snape had, apparently, suspected he'd rely on spell-work to keep him out.


He had been tied to headstone, changed to that statue. He had no wand; Wormtail, cursed betrayer, had taken it from him.


'His servant will be returned to him.' Why was it Wormtail? The worthless man who'd betrayed his parents. Why had he done what no other Death Eater dared to? Aiding the Dark Lord when he was a spirit? Indisputably, he'd helped Voldemort metamorphose into the evil thing that had risen from the cauldron.

Snape's thoughts briefly colored his own. He saw Wormtail too, and remembered him—the boy, who never should have amounted to anything, gave the madman a body.

Harry tried to cast him out, he did. But the thorns hadn't worked before. He thought savagely about something else—anything—that Snape might understand.

"
Titan! to thee the strife was given.
" (*1) Harry muttered. He imagined the words on the page. He tried to deny further access to the hated memory, and to give Snape just a hint of an answer. If he answered, wouldn't Snape stop? He spoke quicker.
"Between the suffering and the will, (which torture where they cannot kill), and the deaf tyranny of Fate, the ruling principle of Hate. . .The things it may annihilate, Refus'd thee even the boon to die: The wretched gift Eternity...
" (*1)

Snape's concentration was fierce. Harry couldn't remember the rest of the poem.


Voldemort's body had risen from the cauldron, skeletal and tall. Then the figure had separated itself from the tree-line…the strange man.
He seemed the fairer cousin to the thing accompanying the Dementors in that dream so many months ago. (*2)
It spoke softly, but the man—the thing—was cut down and boiled into a new potion. Another figure rose from the cauldron, smaller (softer) than a Dark Lord had any right to be.



He bled on the altar. Then Tom Riddle, vying for power. Harry himself dragged there, his wrists cut and mind swimming in pain and disbelief.
Harry wondered at the significance. The man had been stabbed in the heart, Tom at the throat, and Harry at the wrists.


Harry had remained paralyzed under the Dark Lord's spell, while Tom retreated to the trees. Death Eaters Apparated in, surrounding them-


Harry stood there, rooted to the spot and helpless as Snape rummaged through his mind. He shook his head, found his wand, and shot a wordless hex at his professor. Snape went stumbling into a wall of crying cats.

"Titan!" Harry said angrily. "A firm will, and a deep sense, which even in torture can descry its own concenter'd recompense."(*1)

Snape, dazed, croaked in reply, "Triumphant where it dares defy, and making Death a Victory.(*1) Lord Byron…yes, I suppose you would have read him." He sounded unsettled, distracted, and…not angry.

That was fine. Harry was angry enough for the both of them. "I can't believe you! You think you have
right
to my memories—that isn't even—you weren't even
trying
to teach me, were you? Not now, not ever. You just use it as an excuse to get what you want." He gestured furiously with his hands. He was practically seeing red. "You want to know what happened after that? Lord Voldemort Crucios me after having Lockhart—yes, bloody Lockhart—erase my memories. Not well enough. Not nearly as good as he should have done; it's like little butterflies locked in a glass cage…"

"You're missing the point." Snape replied. "Why would the Dark Lord erase your memories when he could have killed you?"

"I dreamed a dream." Harry said. "
With mad disquietude on the dull sky. . .with curses cast them down upon the dust, and gnash'd their teeth and howl'd: the wild birds shriek'd
.(*3)

"What does it mean?" Snape shouted back, impatience clear in his beady black eyes. "You know what the answer is, don't you. And you
refuse
to tell it. You idiot boy—"

"
And, terrified, did flutter on the ground, And flap their useless wings; the wildest brutes.
" (*3)

"He wanted to torture you, yes. I understand that much, but
why?
"Snape demanded. He paced around the room tightly, throwing a glance at Harry before shirking away. "The Dark Lord had you at his disposal; he did not kill you. He brought the other one back instead, and twice now you've evaded capture—to what reason? Fear?"

Harry thought about this. He picked up one of the pieces of glass that Snape had created with his rather loud crash. It was sharp, clean, and edged in gold. "Voldemort said it was torture. That thing he made Tom from was cursed. Whatever it was the man brought him…it had a curse on it. He meant to give it to me. To strip my wings and make me useless…"

There was silence for a moment before Snape spoke again. His voice was raspy; his face was a still mask of nothingness. "He wanted you to be no threat to him; unable to fulfil the prophecy, or to die where everyone could see."

"He did try to kill me; it was Avada Kedava…they did the thing—the golden thread…I saw her…my mum. I saw them all…the ghosts, I mean. Dumbledore said it was Priori Incantatem …"

"No." Snape shook his head violently. "That it was not—you want it to be truth and light, but that is only your mind playing tricks on you. Harry Potter, you must try and see truth in
this
reality. Try not to make things up." He wanted Harry to be lying so much, so vehemently that he immediately disregarded what Harry said. Was he afraid of ghosts?

Harry started to laugh—and that was when a tiny, wriggling ball of Niffler was levitated through the window. It dropped, and all the little cats seemed to shiver. Harry smiled as it started to leap from one shiny thing to the next…and Snape just happened to be standing amongst the best of them.

"What—" Snape began. "POTTER!"

Harry decided that was his cue; he should leave while the Professor was distracted….the cuddly little Niffler would be trying to suck on his fingers or something, and he really, really didn't want to see that…So he left Snape to deal with the little Niffler on his own. Umbridge's office would be trashed, of course, but Harry couldn't be bothered. Snape would just have to clean it up.


o0o0o0o

"Well, good thing Umbridge didn't get to hear anything about that nightmare." Ron congratulated him. He was idly practicing the Patronus charm next to Harry, muttering occasionally. "You being all jittery though…that's a sign of depression, that is. Misty, foggy depression."

"I don't see how that means Dementors are near…" Hermione replied crossly.

"So we should practice Patronuses." Ron finished.

"You just want to practice in case they're on the O.W.L.s" Hermione replied primly.

"I'm not thinking about OWLS!" Ron shot back.

"You ought to. It's the biggest exam yet, and it'll affect your job opportunities for the rest of our lives." Hermione, who had progressed to silvery sparks of her Patronus, carried on a little bit about jobs and the need to review defence.

"Stop staring off into space." Ron prodded him.

"Yep. Doing that attracts the attention of the Fairy…" Harry agreed. He wasn't staring into space anyway; he was watching the lake. It was very tranquil—a bit too still, actually, but that's what it was like in winter. Only their warming charms kept them out of doors and out of sight—Umbridge and the Something-or-other-Squad were supposedly still looking for Harry…for different reasons than the Niffler. Snape was, much to his distaste, a clear witness that it
hadn't
been Harry who was doing the levitating. This didn't stop him from getting detention, though, and Umbridge had to accept Snape's cover-story:
Mr. Potter was visiting his Muggle Aunt in hospital..
.
yes, quite a coincidence that she should take ill the same time as Mr. Weasley's family…


"Harry, what kind of happy thought is it
supposed
to be? Be more specific." Ron demanded.

"A really happy one. Sincerely happy." Harry replied. "The best you can think of…like riding the Hogwarts express with you two. Or drinking cocoa. Or finding out Sirius wanted me to live with him…or…flying…'cept that's not happy right now, for me. Being banned and all."

Ron stared him a bit. "…er. Right. So, getting loads of birthday presents?"

"Well, something that's important to you." Hermione suggested. "So happy you could cry…that sort of thing." She concentrated, turning a bit pink as she did the spell again. This time, she was rewarded with a glittering flash of a creature.

"Oh, I think yours likes water." Harry commented. "Did you know that the Wild Hunt (*4) is either lead by the Huntsman, a dark fairy creature, or the devil? And the reason it's related to fairies is because fairies are thought to be dead because they live underground. And the Hunt is the damned. Or the dead. Or both."

Ron turned on him. "That is not in the least bit happy."

"You're sharing your findings?" Hermione asked slowly. "What exactly are you researching? Does that have to do with Lockhart's heart?"

Harry shrugged. "Stories from bards and such are about how the fairy are diminishing, or fading away. Like their time is over. In Midnight Summer's Dream, Puck is said to sweep away the dust…which sort of sounds like House-Elves, don't you think?"

Hermione frowned. "Wizards and Witches aren't necessarily diminished. Just separate. And everyone always says that Fairy Tales are rubbish—real fairies are like magical insects, and House-Elves are like the Muggle stories about Brownies than anything."

Ron gave a whoop of joy—his Patronus charm had finally misted and glowed a bit. "Did you see that? A noncorporal Patronus!"

"Keep focusing on the happiness." Harry advised, his eyes still fixed on the water.

Ron and Hermione were bickering again, tossing words back and forth like the gentle waves coming up from the lake. They were comfortable in the old arguments, too. They hardly noticed him staring off at the lake.

Harry thought about his unfortunate encounter with Snape…he couldn't tell if he'd really been a vindictive act, or a desperate attempt to try and 'fix' Harry. But that was besides the point—he hadn't believed Harry. Then it hit him; Snape hadn't wanted Harry's mother to be trapped in Voldemort's wand.
That would…not be good.

Eternity in the wand of your killer.


Harry stood, shaking his head agitatedly. He stopped picking at the scabs on his left hand in favour of taking a little walk, slowly approaching the shore. His feet crunched in the snow, drowning out the last of his friends' words and leaving the too-comfortable warming-charm behind. It was good to feel the cold; he was alive to feel it.

The lake wasn't so still any more. The wind not so empty. It seemed something called him, some remnant of the feeling that had been plaguing him since… since when?
The Dark Lord—wanted you to be no threat.
And himself,
it was cursed.
Harry struggled to remember, to chase after that thought.

And there it was. A black horse, standing just by the water, its eyes glittering wetly. Harry thought of his godfather, shut up in the old house, and how he'd mistaken Sirius for the Grim two years before. Magical creatures were benign if you treated them right, and the horse… was just a horse… or was it the Kelpie?

It shook its mane hypnotically, and Harry realised he was close enough to see the seaweed in its fur, the droplets of lake water that clung to its muzzle. Close enough to touch. "What are you doing here?" Harry asked it.

The horse seemed to laugh invitingly, just in the way Sirius would when playing as Padfoot playing in the park. He would chase the pigeons and make Harry snort his ice-cream by rolling and leaping with great enthusiasm. Then, he'd lie next to Harry, sprawled out on a bench and watch the last of the leaves fall, hoping for snow.

They'd been in trouble when they got back to the house, of course. Mrs. Weasley had lectured Sirius for an hour, but just given Harry a cup of cocoa and a stern admonishing. Harry stuck around to hear what she said to Sirius, though.


You can't always trust him not to do something dangerous. Especially not now,
Mrs. Weasley had explained to Sirius, not a week ago.
He isn't thinking straight!



Of course he is.
Sirius had replied.
He's just a bit confused about what words to use—aren't you, Harry? Your reasoning is just fine.


Most of the time, Harry agreed. It was perfectly reasonable to touch the great, black horse by the waterside; the horse wanted a bit of attention. It was probably one of Hagrid's, after all, and he'd trained the Thestrals to not be death-omens any longer. So a horse was obviously all right. Even if it was a Kelpie and not a Thestral; he knew the stories, the magic he'd need, and really, the mane was pleasantly cool and wet, writhing under his fingers.

"Woah!" Harry said as the Kelpie's mane wrapped around his fingers, then his wrist. It stung his skin now, nicking at the half-healed words on his hands and stinging as though layered with salt. He had barely any time to adjust before they were off in a mad dash, not unlike the one he'd experienced earlier in the year. He barely managed to hang on, his feet kicking at the water as he tried not to fall. He distractedly thought of the Placement Charm that Professor Grubbly-Plank had used for the bridle. His wand—if he could catch his wand, then this would be a quick romp around the lake, nothing more.

"Harry!" Hermione called for him—her little silvery mist evaporating on the wind. He couldn't hear Ron.

The Kelpie's eyes were red, but it whickered so softly. Two more steps—tripping over his own feet—and then he was in the water, colder than he'd imagined possible.
The placement charm.
Professor Grubbly-Plank would not be pleased.

They dove under the icy waves, and the Kelpie changed its form. Strong, dark arms held him tightly, and a mass of seaweed-entangled hair wrapped itself around him. Harry's cloak weighed heavily, and they plunged deeper still. The moment hung on a thread, all glistening bubbles of air and yellow streams of sunlight bursting around them like the Priori Incantatem Snape was so desperate to disprove.

Harry looked for a way out.

Deeper and deeper they dove, so far and fast that Harry's ears popped. He knew he needed a bubble-head charm like Cedric and Fleur had done, really, or to Accio some Gillyweed, or he wouldn't get out of this easily, Placement Charm or no. Bubble-oh, bubble-on, air-o-my, what was the incantation…?

There, in the murky depths of the lake, the sunlight faded. He started to hear music beneath them, and the Kelpie danced to its tune. Its grin was only half human. Harry struggled to hold his breath, black infringing on his field of vision, and Harry saw eerie faces peering up at him, as though reflected through a blue-green mirror. Something was wrong.
Is it the merpeople? Will they—can't they—
no, no, it was different faces. Cold faces with darkly amused eyes that held no colour at all. Someone started laughing. Harry's vision swam, and it wasn't the Kelpie any longer that held him—it was Tom.

Tom Riddle, grinning savagely in the dim light, eyes gleaming a cold grey. Harry was so cold by then, so near drowning that his heart near stopped. Tom was warm. Tom held him close, cradled his face and smiled mockingly, his teeth whitish in the green light.

"Why?" Harry tried to ask. Why was he here at all?

When Tom leaned in to kiss him, Harry felt warm air escape his lips…forcing his last breath from him. Even so, Tom's lips were soft…sliding in and then pulling away, playing with sensation. Harry numbly realized that the only part of him that wasn't freezing was his mouth.

Then something hit him. It was a blast of hot air, jerking his neck forward in an explosion of pain. Again, again, this time right by him, and then it amassed itself into a bubble of air—separating his mouth from Tom's, forcing him to breathe.

Another instant frozen in the water. Tom was staring at him, a smile playing at his lips. His hands were still wrapped around Harry, pressing them close. Even with all the fabric weighing him down, Harry was very much aware of Tom's body…and the air.

The air was so hot it was painful—the water in his throat scratched and burned. He couldn't see anything for an instant, not even Tom, and then Tom was laughing again, throwing his head back and tossing a mocking smile at a figure still too far off to see properly. Harry choked on the air and tried to make sense of things.

Fact: it wasn't really Tom. Secondly, the music was gone, the eerie faces all but a memory. He was wrapped tightly in a Kelpie's arms, and that Kelpie happened to look like Tom Riddle…Harry blearily cast the Placement Charm at the Kelpie as the figure drew close.

It was Ron—Bubble-head charm in place and frowning severely. That warm, stinging sensation was him too; he'd started to perform the stunning charm before Harry wriggled and tore himself out of the Kelpie's embrace. He managed to leave most of the heavy fabric behind and swam closer to Ron. His lungs protesting (still half convinced he was drowned), Harry felt Ron put an arm under him and haul him upward.

He was cold…barely aware of whatever the Kelpie did under the waves, barely aware that only his magic or Ron's kept it from drowning them both. They swam for long moments that seemed a frozen eternity of green and blue pieces of sky and water.

They surfaced. "Harry, you idiot!" Ron gasped. He swam on, and Harry finally propelled them along to the shore. By then he was too cold to do anything more, and concentrated on coughing up half of the lake (the Giant Squid, even if it was hibernating, would not be pleased if he didn't give up the rest of the water.)

"What did you let it take you under for?" Ron demanded, his voice shaking.

Hermione was casting warming charms on Harry even though he and Ron still had a foot in the water. "We need to get him dry and warm. And for heaven's sake, Ron, put him down so he can get some of that water out of him!"

Hermione and Ron managed to haul him, sopping wet and missing his school robes (he suspected the Kelpie had kept those), toward the castle. The last thing Harry remembered clearly was thinking that Madam Pomfrey probably wasn't interested in hearing about the music…or the eerie faces under the water. Then he passed out.


o0o0o0o

(Tom)

"Is that the best you can do?" The man sniffed. "You're brooding, and not about the clouds, or even of an enemy of yours. If you are to fulfill your end of the bargain, and we are to do as you ask…"

I shifted in my seat, but was careful not to let my expression change. "I'm not sure what you mean."

"That is because you are captivated by the exceptional quality of our tea. Here a bit of hazel-berry, there a sprig of mint, stir counter-clockwise and ask the tea not to get chilled. Yes, yes, perfect for winter." With twinkling eyes, the man turned away from me.

I did not say anything, though he probably was expecting a compliment or two, an alternate recipe (even better), or an outright argument. He did not do well with silences; I suspect there are a few too many of those for him to enjoy any more.

"Do you dream of the castle?" he asks. I knew he would speak soon. If you stay quiet long enough, he'll fill the silence with chatter, and in that jumble of briars, thistle and straw, he'll spit out something worth knowing. "The object of the Nameless-Shade's(*5) desire is there. He will take it from you. He will keep it."

"Potentially." I replied reluctantly, wondering if he spoke of Harry. My thoughts spiraled in on the Boy-Who-Lived, and the circumstances of my resurrection from that silver band.

The man laughed and it sounded like the wind through the reeds. "Do you know love? I understand it is one of the great mysteries for wizards. They have some locked in stone." His eyes were dark and black as those of a beetle.

"Speaking of mysteries, there is a boy—"

"The Boy-Who-Lived? Weren't we speaking of him all this time?"

"He cannot die. At least, not when Voldemort attempts it." My thoughts spun around that simple fact. Was it because of the Brother Wands? Or did it have more to do with
who
was doing the casting? I wondered if the outcome would be the same if I were to utter those words. To try and kill the boy who-would-not-die.

"If you break it, you'll find it difficult to reenact the breaking." He said simply. "The bones grow old, the blood dries…and all you are left with is the memory. Haven't you had enough memories?"

Well. Some memories return—others evade me. I wonder how much Harry has remembered…with Lockhart's spell damaged, I can recall lying there on the stone, the cut of the knife, and the power that flowed between us. Voldemort had been a fool to send the child home immediately. Or had he not intended for Harry to leave the graveyard, and foolish pride let Harry escape? Efficiency should have been his first concern.

It was time to leave this place.


(*1) "Prometheus." Lord Byron, 1832.

(*2) See
Chapter 7:
The Kelpie, and Dreams

(*3) "Darkness." Lord Byron, 1832.

(*4)
The Wild Hunt
is an ancient folklore found all over Europe. In essence, there is a large band of rather scary figures who are led by a dark and evil man. Often they're mounted on dark horses, accompanied by evil-looking dogs (similar to the Grim in Potterverse). The object of their hunt varies with the telling: either supernatural beings, sinners, a wild boar, or young maidens (innocent or not depends on the tale). The leader of the band is either the devil, a king of faery, or a king. The men following are either his retainers, the souls of the dead, or more faery.

(*5) because The Dark Lord needs more acronyms. (; Harry's got a bunch—so Voldemort deserves more. XD Just kidding…


So, do let me know what you found interesting. (heart)

>