

Sorry for not having updated sooner, but one of my friends from elementary school died a few days ago and I'm ill, so updates are slow in coming. This just sat on my laptop for quite some time. I hope you enjoy. I'll update PETAL as soon as the new chapter is done, so probably today or tomorrow.

Love, W

PS: This is a little sequel to the third installment of this story, because you all seemed to like Clint's POV a lot.



Disclaimer:
Anything you recognize is not mine.



Threat



It had been a few months since Clint Barton discovered that Agent Phil Coulson, stoicism personified, actually cared for someone so much he thoroughly lost his composure. Although Hawkeye never spilled the secret, Natasha seemed to know too.

So when the archer needed back-up on a mission - he needed to infiltrate the headquarters of a very nasty organization that dealt in many unpleasant things like smuggling illegal chemistry weapons and couldn't hope to live without backup - Clint called Coulson after hesitating slightly.

He thought Tasha would join him, but apparently Fury needed her somewhere in Alaska, in the middle of snowy nowhere.

Which meant Hawkeye had to acclimate to another partner.

"Agent Red is going to join you for this mission," the blonde handler announced in an unusually tight voice.

"Thank you, sir."

"Do not question her methods. She knows what she's doing. Anything...out of the ordinary has never happened," Coulson ordered sounding very serious. "Understood?"

"Yes, sir," Barton replied, curiosity peaked.

Who was this agent if she was higher in rank than him and used
methods
above his pay grade?

However the archer didn't voice these questions aloud. Now was definitely not the time.

"Try to keep her from killing herself," Coulson ordered. It was a demand, not a request. "She tends to do that a lot. If she gets hurt because you disobeyed orders, I will personally partner you with Frank from R&amp;D; for at least three months."

Frank from R&amp;D; was the stereotypical mad scientist-type. Any unlucky agents the higher-ups slotted to him for whatever length of time always received very
unusual
wounds.

Clint hated the man, because he had it out for the archer.

Apparently Frank wanted to get in Natasha's pants and thought they, as in Clint and her, were an item which he needed to eliminate first.


Creep
.

Plus, Coulson never threatened anyone idly.


Ever.


Hawkeye shivered. (Which he would deny if anyone could actually see him right now.) "Understood, sir."

"Good. She'll be there in five minutes. Red hair, hazel eyes, petite. Don't ask her any questions."

This description sounded quite familiar.

In fact, it seemed as if Fury ordered Coulson's wild, rash girlfriend to back Barton up.

Holy shit.

He was
so
dead.

>