


Hi!



This is my very first fan-fiction! This work has been inspired by NatsumeYuujinchou. However, you might come across some twists on the later chapters!



I'm sorry if I made any grammatical mistakes, English is not my first language. Constructive criticisms are welcome! I hope to improve my writing skills with your guidance! (^^)



Oh, and there's no definitive pairing., ,. .,yet. Hehehe (¬u¬)



For facts and quotes used for every chapter: Please see end note.



Kuroko no Basuke is written and illustrated by Tadatoshi Fujimaki.




CHAPTER I




NEW



Kuroko Tetsuya sighed as he placed his duffel bag on the asphalt. His father was transferred to Matsumoto, two and a half hours travel by train and from the train station it takes 10 minutes of riding the bus before you arrive to their new house.

Or so he thought.

His Mother and Father already went to Matsumoto City 4 days ahead of him to settle his father's transfer and their house.

Kuroko flipped his phone and read the address forward by his Mother. Looking around, he realized that he needed to walk since the bus doesn't pass in front of their own house.

Flinging his bag back to his shoulder, observing the surroundings while walking; he realized that Matsumoto City is actually quite nice. Situated near the mountains famous for their hot springs, the city has a lot of establishments to cater the tourists and the resident's needs.

He also passed by *Kyu Kaichi Gakko earlier, the one he transferred to, the school he'll be attending starting Monday. "Sigh"

Not that he resented anything, but he made good friends on his previous school, Seirin. He even made it as a regular at their basketball team; a feat for him, the boy who frequently got marked absent by his teachers by accidents for his low presence.

He was still in deep thought that he didn't notice the rounded cat eyeing him from his wall.

"Beep" He has been walking for five minutes when he received a text from his mother.

From: Okaasan

Subject: Where are you?

I'm in front of the house. Where are you Tetsuya? Did you get lost?

Kuroko looked around and saw his mother at the end of the street holding her phone.

Kuroko sprinted towards her and spoke when he was less than 10 feet from her," Mom."

His mother jolted surprised." Tetsuya! Good thing you got here on time. I thought you got lost and I started to worry." She said, placing a hand on her son's cheek.

Kuroko looked at his mother saying, " Sorry Okaasan, I got carried away looking around."

After an awkward pause, he spoke:

"Tadaima."

Amami, smiled foundly at her quiet son " Okaerinasai."

The cat walked towards the newly occupied house. His interest perked up by the boy who was just opening the room on the 2nd floor. This boy smelled like HER. He almost thought it was her if he hasn't heard his voice. How long was it since he last saw her? 60-70 years ago? Humans grow old. He scolded himself. It's impossible that she could still be this young after all those years.

He sat on the wall leveled with the boy's room watching him fixing his stuff (mostly books) of various genres. The kid is so not like her. "Her, reading books?" The cat made a throaty laugh remembering the house's previous resident.

Kuroko still organizing his books when he turned his head, hearing a throaty purr coming from outside his window. He saw the tip of a cat's tail, swishing back and forth.

He walked towards his window and saw a cat sitting on the wall fence. He stretched his other hand wanting to pet it's fur. Kuroko has been found of animals. In Seirin, he's the closest to their school mascot, Nigou.

How he missed their walks.

The cat saw and knew what the boy wanted to do. Not to sound too boastful but the neighborhood is quite found of him actually and he doesn't mind adding one more to his list of food source.

But the cat's expectant expression turned to disbelief. The cat's eye went wide. Not because of the kid's touch, but because of the thing that the kid's other hand is holding.

It's the
BOOK
.

The
BOOK
he's been looking for for ages.


The BOOK of Names.




End Notes:



Kyu Kaichi Gakko-
It is actually one of the first schools in Japan. In real time it is no longer operating as a school. Instead it is converted to a Museum in Matsumoto City. However, I chose this school because of it's beautiful Western Type structure and garden that I might be using in the future.

Thank you for Reading the first chapter! Please feel free to leave a review!ー( ´ ▽ ` )ﾉ



Next Chapter: The Cat's Proposal



>