


CHAPTER XIX: Movement


Akashi's first day at school was surprisingly - uneventful.

(Except for the ogling girls)

"You're not eating enough, here" A few strips of fried fish appeared on Kuroko's bento.

All five of them were having lunch at the roof top.

Midorima looked out of place. "Tch, why of all places? The weather is too hot and we have but little shelter from the sunlight", he mumbled away.

"I like it here. The rays of the sun may be too hot but the wind is cool" Kuroko said to Midorima. "Though I believe I didn't invite you guys here so you technically have no right to complain".

"Eh?" Midorima was taken aback while Kise and Kagami snickered.

Kagami took the strips of fried fish from Kuroko's lunch and ate it all.

"That was for Tetsuya, you cat".

Then everyone went stiff as the temperature dropped.


Earlier that Morning


After Akashi's introduction, Karasawa pointed him to his assigned seat. Which is 2 rows behind Kuroko's.

Akashi stopped beside Kise's desk.

" Mind if you swap seats with me Kise-kun? I might have a hard time seeing the blackboard if I sit at the back", Akashi said with a friendly smile.

Kise slowly raised his head. Sweat appearing on his face and neck. "Uh-uhmm. Sure Akashi-kun". Kise stood up, pulled back his chair and waited for Akashi to take his seat before heading at the back.

"Good Morning, Tetsuya", Akashi said in a low voice. Karasawa sensei started to drone out about today's lesson.

"Good Morning too Akashi-kun", Kuroko politely nodded his head in aknowledgement.

Kuroko felt the weight of Akashi's stare and honestly it makes him a little bit uncomfortable.

"Kurokocchiiii~" Kise bit his handkerchief while staring at the two in front of him.

And where was Kagami all this time?

He was on the window ledge, watching all of it happen. He nearly fell off when he first saw Akashi stepping inside the room. Why? Now he needs to keep his eye on four pain in the ass youkais?


What if I convince Kuroko to transfer school or to move to another town? As if that would stop them. No, now that the cat's out of the bag, It would be difficult to shake them off. No, I better warn Hyuuga and the others about this.


Kagami turned gave the classroom one sweeping look before heading off.


"We know", Hyuuga answered. Admitting to this left him with a bitter aftertaste that was clearly displayed on his face.

'We have nothing to worry with him being here at school" Kiyoshi said calmly. "Isn't the generation of miracles here to protect Kuroko?"

"But that doesn't stop them from messing around the city. Remember, only Akashi's name was written on the Book. The other 3 can wreak havoc as much as they want", goes Hyuuga, dousing Kiyoshi's statement.

"What do you mean by that Hyuuga? I mean, I don't see any reasons for them to do that", Kiyoshi scratched his head.

" We don't know what's running on their mind; and that's the main reason why I can't relax, what if Akashi en tasked his men to get the book? ", huffed Hyuuga. " We better be on guard while they're here. And you better stay with Kuroko at all times Kagami".

"Well, I better be leaving then", Kagami stood. "Class is about to end and I'll bet my ass that those "miracles" will be eating lunch with Kuroko". He gave one small nod before leaping away.


RING! RING! RING!

Karasawa sensei: " Well, we'll resume with chapter 14 tomorrow. You may have your lunch!"

Class: "thank you sensei!"

Kuroko was taking out his lunch and was thinking if Kagami will be joining him, when he noticed someone was standing in front of him.

"Would you care to join me for lunch, Tetsuya?" Akashi asked, hands holding a 3 layered bento.

Kuroko, not seeing anything wrong with this said yes," Yes Akashi-kun, will we be eating here in the classroom?"

"I was thinking of having lunch in the rooftop, if its ok with you", Akashi offered.

Kuroko stood up, but didn't move; his eyes was scanning the classroom.

"Are we waiting for someone, Tetsuya?" asked Akashi.

"Uhmm, yes. I'm looking for Kagami-kun. I hope you don't mind him joining us as well", Kuroko looked at Akashi hesitantly, raising his bento:" You see, I have his portion here with me".

Akashi's brow twitched (just a teensy bit) " He may. As long as he doesn't hog all the food- and stays out of my way" whispering the last part. He was a bit irritated. He prepared today's lunch thinking that he and Tetsuya could share an intimate lunch. Seems like Tetsuya is still wary around him.

(Sigh) No worries, he will gain Tetsuya's trust. In time.

" Can I join you as well Kurokocchi, Akashicchi?" Kise stood up from his desk. Inching closely, holding his bento.

" No Ryouta/Yes Kise-kun" answered both Akashi/Kuroko.

Kise stared at Akashi, tears threatening to fall. Kuroko was staring at Akashi as well, a little crease appearing between his brows.

"Why not, Akashi-kun?"

"I was hoping we could eat our lunch peacefully and quietly", Akashi responded,staring at Kise as if asking the Kitsune to read the mood.

"I see. Well then Kise-kun, you have to promise to be quiet if you want to join us", Kuroko looked back at Kise.

Kise's face automatically lit up, " yes I will!"

Kise invited Midorima as well when they passed by the green head's classroom, " come with us Midorimacchi! We're eating lunch at the roof top!"

Midorima, who was on the process of opening his bento answered back, " what's with the invite?Are you a girl?"

Kise:" Come one! It's more fun eating with friends right?" Kise's loud voice was slowly getting a lot of attention, which Midorima doesn't obviously like. He slowly stood-up, closed his lunch box and headed out.

When Kagami reached the classroom building, Kuroko and the generation of miracle are no longer in their classrooms.
What did he say? Yeah, that those rainbow babies will stick to Kuroko like geckos.
He followed Kuroko's scent to the roof top. There he found Kuroko together with Akashi, Kise and Midorima.

He transformed and squished between Kuroko and Kise.

" Kurokocchi say ah-ekh! Kagamicchi, what are you doing?" Kise was supposed to feed Kurokocchi a lemon chicken and was now pushed on the sides.

"Having my lunch" Kagami simply answered. Well he won't be sitting beside the psychotic dragon, thank you very much. He was taking his portion when he noticed the food displayed in front of him.
Woah! What is this, a feast?!


3 bento boxes containing scrumptious dishes (from seafood, meat to exotic vegetables and fruits) were laid out. He eyed the people around him: Midorima silently eating his obviously balanced meal, Kise was mopping beside him eating his lunch and Akashi filling Kuroko's bento with bits from the high-end bento (the other 2 not touching anything from the three bento boxes). It was obvious whose bento it was.


The psycho evidently planed this to be a romantic roof top date with Kuroko!



Hah!
Kagami took the crunchy fried fish from Kuroko's bento and ate it
. Good thing he was thwarted by his own men.


"That was for Kuroko you cat" Akashi slapped Kagami's hands when he was reaching for another fish strip.

"Things didn't go as planned Akashi?" Kagami can't hide his smirk.

"Oh, I'm not in a rush Taiga" Akashi placed broccoli in Kuroko's lunch box," I can try again tomorrow, the day after that, and the day after that" his eyes not moving from the eating bluenette (
until I get back my Tetsuya).


>