


Disclaimer: I do not own The Vampire Diaries TV show. That honor goes to Julie Plec and Kevin Williamson.



Hello, my lovely readers. Yes, it's another story. I hope you like it. This is my first "drama." However, I like to say that my works are dramaedies or little hybrids of drama/comedy. Please, let me know how it's working out so far. Without further ado…


Chapter 1: New Intros

Standing in front on my new dormitory, my Mom and Dad hugged me tightly. "You are going to have such a good time, Caroline," my mother was saying.

"But don't have
too
good a time, baby girl," my father said, kissing me lightly on the forehead.

Smiling, I hugged them back and waved good-bye. Hearing their footsteps echo on the pavement, I sighed. This was one of the times my parents came together. The last time my father was in the same space as my mother was in was the day of my high school graduation. Now, they were undoubtedly making small talk as they walked to their cars. Dad would be texting Steven to tell him when he would be arriving home. Mom would be thinking about kicking criminal butt. Thoughts of their daughter would have fled. After all, I was Caroline Forbes, super independent child of Liz and Bill. I was exactly what they had always wished for me to be.

Mounting the stairs with my bag over one arm and a laundry hamper full of odds and ends in my arms, I thanked someone who was holding the door open to my building. I didn't to see them; I felt the air shift and smelled his scent in the air. Then there was the creaking of hinges that
seriously
needed to be oiled. Walking up the stairs past chattering girls, I walked exactly fifty paces forward and then turned left.

Moving my hand forward, I felt the door. It was shut. Setting the laundry hamper down on the floor of the hallway, I slid my hand into my pocket and extracted the key to my new digs. Placing the key in the lock, I twisted it and then pushed the door open. Leaning down to pick up the hamper, I heard familiar voices behind me. Pushing a lock of curly hair behind my ear I heard the voices of Bonnie Bennett and Elena Gilbert. There was the sound of a door opening across the hall. And then closing.

Sucking in a deep breath, I hefted my hamper and walked into my room. Closing the door with my foot, I walked over to the bed which was closest to the window. I liked to be close to a window so the heat or cool air could drift over me in sleep and just the hint of the smell of grass.

Setting my things down, I walked over to the closet and began to unpack making sure that I left enough room for the other girls. I had been informed that I would have
two
roommates this term. I silently wondered if Elena and Bonnie would have another roommate. I couldn't imagine the fabulous duo as a trio for some reason. There had never been a time that I could recall that Elena and Bonnie were not glued at the hip.

As for me, I had few friends. I was okay with not having a lot of people by my side. There was a time that I envied Elena because she was the head cheerleader, who was dating Matt Donavon. Matt had always been nice to me. And everyone seemed to love Elena. Then her parents died and I no longer heard people rushing to her side to ask her about every little thing.

My high school experience had been filled with school work, becoming the head of many committees and even being elected Miss Mystic Falls. There were rumors that when it came down to me and Elena, I had won the pity vote. And, after all, no Forbes woman, other than my mother, had not won Miss Mystic. Due to lots of hard work over my years in high school I had won a series of scholarships so that I could attend Whitmore College.

Due to the appearances of Elena and Bonnie I was beginning to believe that college would not be that different from high school. That was until my roommates showed up. "Could they have one more stair in this place?" demanded an angry voice from the hallway.

Raising my eyebrows, I felt my lips twitching upward. 'I wonder what poor person will have
that
for a roommate?' I thought, folding a sweater and placing it in the dresser.

That was when I hear the doorknob twist. "Oh, dear God," the voice called to someone else. "The door is open, Kol, go in and make sure that there is not a killer or a thief in my room," the voice ordered.

"Or maybe it is a
ghost
, Bekah," a male voice retorted with a low chuckle. The door opened and the guy, Kol, began to speak again. "A very attractive ghost indeed. Maybe I could get one of those for my room."

"Kol, do not be impolite," the bossy female, voice snapped. "Hello, you must be one of my roommates. I'm Rebekah Mikaelson."

Walking toward the sound of her voice, I stopped in front of her and smiled. "Caroline Forbes. It's a pleasure to meet you."

I felt someone take my hand and I turned in his direction. "And I am, Kol Mikaelson. Let me say it is an honor to meet such a lovely creature such as yourself. Maybe I might stop by to see how you and my sister are getting on later. But, alas, I really must be going. Have to go back to my apartment to sort things out and all that. In spite of what my dear sister believes, I am not here to carry her belongings about."

Suppressing a laugh, I heard Kol leaving, apparently he almost ran into someone on his way out because there was an apology and a girl making a snide comment in response. "Gee, you could try watching where you're going when you're coming out of my room." The girl's voice exclaimed. "Does that belong to you?" the other girl's voice snapped at me and, I assume, Rebekah.

"
That
would belong to me. However, I have tried to rid myself of it many a time," Rebekah replied. "I do apologize for my brother's bad manners. I'm Rebekah Mikaleson. And this is Caroline Forbes."

I smiled in the direction of the other girl and walked closer to where I believed she was and held out my hand. When I felt nothing but air I wondered if I had miscalculated the direction I was headed in. "I would shake your hand but my hands are kind of full. And this is
really
heavy," the other girl said after a long pause.

"Oh," I replied, dropping my hand. "Would you like help with anything?" Clasping my hands in front of me, I listened to the girl walk over to the bed across from mine and I assumed Rebekah had chosen the bed next to mine.

"No, I'm good," the girl said and I heard the sound of something thump against the floor.

"Do you have lead weights in that bag of yours?" Rebekah asked as she walked past me and in the direction of the thumping sound.

"No," the girl retorted. "Are you
always
this nosy?"

"No," Rebekah snapped.

Oh goody. I got stuck with the two people who were most likely to kill each other before the end of the first term. "Not to sound nosy… but what's your name?" I ventured with what I hoped was a disarming smile.

Sighing, my other roommate spoke, "Hayley. My name is Hayley Marshall. Now, if you'll excuse me I have something I have to take care of. Rebekah, stay
out
my things while I'm gone." I heard Hayley walk out the door.

The minute Hayley was far enough away, I hear Rebekah hurry over to the door. "Caroline, come here and play look out in case she comes back, please." She was using the same tone of voice with me she had used with her brother. Forcing down the desire to choke my new roomy, I walked over to the door and acted like I was waiting for someone.

When I heard the door across the hall open, I denied myself the pleasure of disappearing back inside my room and closing the door on what, or more precisely, who was coming out the other end.

"Caroline? Caroline Forbes?" Elena asked like she couldn't believe I was standing there.

Forcing my Miss Mystic smile onto my face, I replied, "Elena Gilbert. It's
great
that you're here."

"Yeah, it is. Doesn't it feel like
forever
since we graduated and now we're going to be living across the hall from each other. You
are
moving in, right?" I nodded while Elena chattered on. "That is so great. I wonder if we'll be in any of the same classes together. You should
totally
come over later tonight so we can catch up. I've got to get going, Damon's waiting for me."

"Bye," I called to her back. If I had something in my hand it might go sailing right now. For four years of high school Elena had spoken to me as many times as I have fingers and toes. Once was when we were competing for Miss Mystic together and she told me she didn't really want the crown and hoped I got it, 'Because she just wasn't into it this year.' The other notable time was to ask me to sign her yearbook. Oh, let's
not
forget the time she purchased tickets for the senior prom and I had almost short changed her. That's what happens when you ask someone who can't see to handle the cash. People are really ignorant at times.
Seriously
!

The door opened again and I sighed. Here we go again. "Caroline?" Bonnie said, coming over and placing a hand on my arm. "Hey, I heard you would be going to Whitmore with us. I told Elena, but she's all: 'Damon did this and Damon said that and Damon wants to go to and Damon needs to get a life."

I began to giggle. "Yeah, he does. I think they both do."

Bonnie began to giggle, too, "So, have you met your new roomies yet?"

"Yeah," I replied in a stage whisper." Right now, one of them is riffling through the things of the other," I informed Bonnie, who gasped and I imagined that she was trying to sneak a peek over my shoulder. "She asked me to be the 'look out."

Bonnie gasped, "Really, she
didn't
. So, you haven't told them yet."

I shrugged, "They'll figure it out sometime. Maybe before the end of the term."

"OMG!" Rebekah yelled.

"What?" I called, turning in Rebekah's direction.

"Come here," Rebekah called to me. "And who are you?"

"I'm Bonnie, your neighbor from across the hallway. Caroline and I used to go to high school together," Bonnie informed Rebekah.

"Oh, well, then, Bonnie, could you close the door and lock it, please," Rebekah demanded.

I heard the door close and lock as well as the sound of Bonnie muttering that someone ought to not order other people around. "So, what's going on?"

"This," I heard the sound of Rebekah grunting and then a plopping sound.

"What is that?" Bonnie inquired and I reached out to touch what they were discussing, not wanting to be left out of the discussion.

"The question is not what but what's in it?" I informed Bonnie, feeling the hard wood and a corner which told me that it was a box.

"There's something heavy in there. Do you think she's some kind of serial killer?" Rebekah asked us and I could hear her breathing quicken. I'm not sure whether all of her excitement was fear. There was something in her voice that sounded like she was hoping that Hayley turned out to be killer. I wondered if it was possible to get my rooming assignment changed.

"There's only one way to find out," Bonnie replied.

"You mean we should open the box. But there's a lock on it," I murmured as my hand slid down the side of the box feeling the lock. "How do we know that she won't catch us or maybe we shouldn't be violating her privacy like this?"

"I am not going to wake up with a knife in my chest in the middle of the night," Rebekah snapped. "So, either help me open this thing or find another room to stay in."

Rolling my eyes, I stood back while Rebekah and Bonnie looked for something to open the box with. Pulling a pin out from my hair, I shoved it into the lock and began to wiggle it around when I heard a popping sound which made me smile. Slipping the lock off, I slid the box open, "So, what's in there?"

"Chains," Rebekah gasped and I heard her pick up something heavy and metallic sounding. Lots of chains.

"Maybe she's into S &amp; M," Bonnie suggested quietly but she did not sound convinced.

"Or maybe we should put the box back where we found it and sleep with one eye open," Rebekah snapped before replacing the chains. I heard the lock snap back into place, the box close and the sound of Rebekah grunting as she replaced it back in the bag she found it in and headed over to the closet.

"I was going to get some coffee at the café I hear they have here somewhere," Bonnie began. "Caroline, do you want to come along?"

"Sure," I replied. "Rebekah, are you coming, too?"

"No," Rebekah replied. "I have to meet my brothers and make sure that they have not killed each other yet. They decided to get an off campus apartment together."

I nodded and walked out with Bonnie. When we were on our way outside I slammed into something hard. 'What the hell,' I thought. There is no wall there and walls are not warm. "Sorry, love," a voice whispered into my skin, brushing lightly against my skin and I felt one hand on my lower back and another at my side. The guy must have been moving fairly quickly for me not to have noticed him. I may be blind. But I'm not unaware.

I felt the guy's hands tighten ever so slightly and then I became aware of where his left hand was, exactly. It had found its way under my right arm below my armpit and was currently curved around a part of my body causing me to jerk away from him. "Get away from me, you pig," I snapped at him.

I felt his warm body moving farther away and some part of my own body protested. But I refused to acknowledge it. "Sorry, sweetheart. Did I do something wrong?" I may not be able to see his face but I could hear the amused tone.

"You're damn straight there's something wrong. First, you run into me. Then you use it as an excuse to grope me. You jerk," I shouted at him. I really hoped my face conveyed all of the indignation I felt.

"Well, sweetheart," the guy replied and I felt his heat coming closer to me and smelled something woodsy drifting from him. It didn't smell artificial like a cologne. "I beg your pardon for walking through a door too quickly for your taste to bump into a radiant girl with a sharp tongue. As for the placement of my hand I was not attempting to grope you. Rather, I was trying to make sure you didn't fall. If my hand fell somewhere it did not belong I do
sincerely
apologize. Allow me to make it up to you then. There will be a party at my apartment this evening at eight o'clock. I
truly
hope to see you there."

I felt the man place a piece of paper in my hand before running off.

I scoffed. "Yeah, like that's going to happen. Crumpling the piece of paper, I threw it over my shoulder and continued to walk out the door.

"You don't think that was one of Rebekah's brothers, do you?" Bonnie asked me.

I shuddered at the thought, "I truly hope not."


Thank you for reading, faving, following and reviewing. I hope to see you again because this is a looonnnnng fic.



Love,



LL


>