

DISCLAIMER: I DO NOT OWN THE PARADISE! THIS IS PURELY FANBASED!

The street lamps had all gone out; it was light now. Occasional people walked past the shops, however it was still very early. Most people were getting ready for work and those who had been out drinking the night before, were struggling to lift their sore heads from the pillows beneath. But not Denise. No, Denise hadn't got a sore head, because she hadn't been out drinking the night before. Denise wasn't in bed. She was already up. And Denise wasn't getting ready. She was already dressed, looking her usual neat and presentable self. Denise was in Ladieswear.
Sun rays shone through the windows casting shadows of Denise, in her purple, head of Ladieswear dress, onto the floor. Her nimble hands worked effortlessly to create a magnificent display of goods. Taking a step back in order to admire her work, Denise couldn't help the feeling something was missing. She headed to the storage cupboard to try and find something to complete the display.
After a long while searching, Denise began to wonder how long it would be until the girls started arriving. Fumbling in her pocket, she pulled out the watch Moray had given to her as a present. She smiled to herself remembering the night he had given it to her. He'd had both their names engraved onto the back and Denise ran her thumb over the 'J' of his. Realising she was still in the store cupboard, she flipped the watch over and opened it to check the time. Not long until the store opens. The display could wait. Perhaps she could ask Moray later what he thought it needed. But for now she needed to go and grab some breakfast.
She turned around to see a woman, standing in the doorway of the store cupboard.
"Mrs Weston," Denise stuttered, as she wondered how long she had been stood watching her.
"Denise," came her reply.
"How may I help you?" Denise asked, a little bewildered.
"I'd like to see the figures for Ladieswear," Mrs Weston said.
"Of course, ma'am," Denise said, as she made her way over to the figure books, "is there a problem?"
"It has become known to me and my husband that profits in Ladieswear are just not up to scratch," she answered, flicking through the book, not really reading it.
"As far as I'm aware, profits in Ladieswear are the best they've ever been at the moment," Denise responded, confused. Just last week Mr Weston had been praising her work in Ladieswear. Why the sudden change of heart?
Her reply frustrated Catherine. She couldn't believe Moray would tell Denise everything about the store. Angry at Denise, she raised her voice to say, "Just because you are Moray's... Moray's-"
Just at that moment, Moray walked into Ladieswear, "My what?" he interrupted, as he gave a reassuring smile to Denise. He hated it when she was alone with Catherine. He knew how cruel she could be and he didn't for all the world want Denise to suffer.
Catherine turned around. "She," she began, pointing at Denise, "is your-"
"She is not my anything," Moray spoke, "no one is. I think what you meant to say was Denise, is, Denise."
Denise smiled at hearing this; she was so pleased Moray came to her rescue.
"My husband and I do not pay you to discuss what Denise is," Catherine replied.
"You brought it up," Moray shot back.
Ignoring this, Catherine turned to Denise, "You need to change this," she said, pointing to the costings.
"Mrs Weston," Denise began, "it would appear to me-"
"Stop," Catherine said sternly, holding her hand up to Denise to silence her, "I did not ask for your opinion, I did not ask for you to change it, I told you to change it."
"Change what?" Moray queried, making his way over.
"The profits in Ladieswear."
"But they are the highest they've ever been!" Moray replied, completely shocked.
"It's not high enough," Catherine replied.
"But I was stood next to Miss Denise just the other day when your husband was saying how well her department is doing," Moray said, his voice getting louder, the more irritated he became.
"Mr Weston and I both agree on the matter, but as he won't be visiting the store for a few days, I came to tell you," she said, "And really Moray, is there really any need to call Denise, Miss Denise?"
"I like to remain professional," Moray responded.
"Double the price of every gown, shoe and accessory in this department today before the store opens and make sure your profits double too, or else your job will be at risk," Catherine concluded before storming out of Ladieswear. She was annoyed Moray had come into the conversation.
Denise and Moray turned to eachother.
"What am I going to do, John?" Denise asked.
"We," replied Moray, "what are we going to do? You are not going to be in this on your own Denise, I will help you. Besides, if there's anyone capable of selling a gown at that price, it's you!"
Denise attempted to smile at Moray. No one would pay this much for a gown. But she was grateful to Moray, he was trying his best to make her feel better. He held out his arms and Denise gladly walked into them. He wrapped them around her and pulled her into his chest, planting a kiss on the top of her head. "Everything will be ok," he told her, "we've got eachother. Catherine can't change that, or ruin that. She will never come between us, I will make sure of it."
Denise looked up at Moray, "so will I," she replied.
"I love you," Moray whispered before moving his head so it was just millimetres away from Denise and then planting a soft kiss on her lips. He moved away slightly and she smiled, "I love you," she whispered. He moved his lips back onto hers and began to kiss her slowly, making sure to take care to savour this moment between them.
"Oh," came a voice and Denise and Moray broke their kiss and turned to face Clara, frozen in the doorway of Ladieswear, a shocked expression on her face as she stared at the couple stood in the middle of the department.
"I...err...I'm sorry..." she began, "I...I didn't realise, I just came to start work... I'll go..."
Denise loosened herself from Morays arms slightly, as she felt herself blush. Moray caught sight of her rosy cheeks and gave her a reassuring squeeze.
"Please don't leave, there's too much work to be done," Moray said, confidently, "when the rest of the girls arrive, each of you needs to grab a pencil and double all the prices on the tags."
"Double, Mr Moray sir?" Clara asked.
"Yes, under Mr and Mrs Weston's instructions."
Clara nodded, concerned about how they were going to sell anything. Moray turned to Denise, "we must go for our meeting with Dudley now," he said. Denise smiled at Clara awkwardly and then followed Moray out of Ladieswear.
"Meeting?" she asked him as they walked down the stairs, "we have a meeting?"
"We do now," he smiled back.
Denise looked at him, displaying a confused expression.
"I knew how embarrassed you were when Clara walked in and we were sat holding hands. And you told me afterwards how awkward it was after I had had to leave and you were left alone," Moray said, in a voice quiet enough that no one but Denise could hear, "I didn't think you'd want to go through that again on your own."
"Thank you," Denise replied, as Moray unlocked his office door.
"After you," he said, standing back, before following Denise in and closing the door behind.





>