

AN: I DO NOT OWN THE PARADISE! THIS IS PURELY FANBASED!

"How dare you!" Mr Weston shouted. "You had no right, no right whatsoever to do this. Since when have you been allowed to make such decisions? Who do you think you are, doubling the prices in Ladieswear?"
Moray looked puzzled, as did Denise.
"Denise, what are you doing here?" Mr Weston asked, noticing the woman wrapped in Moray's arms. His voice was still angry, just not quite as furious as before. "You should be in Ladieswear, especially considering recent price changes."
"Mr Weston," Moray began, letting go of Denise to stand between her and the angry Mr Weston, "the prices in Ladieswear were changed under your wife's instruction, and Denise is here because-"
"Let Denise speak for herself," Mr Weston interrupted. He knew Moray had a way with words and would lie to him, but not Denise. She had a way with words too, but unlike Moray, she wouldn't lie. Cautiously, Moray moved slowly out of the way to let Denise speak, but remained close to her side incase things got out of hand. Mr Weston stared at Denise, waiting for her to begin.
"Mrs Weston came to see me on Monday morning, Mr Moray was there," she sniffled, pointing to the man she loved, "and informed me that you both weren't happy with the profits in Ladieswear."
"But I told you last week they were at their best," Mr Weston said, his anger had now dissolved and in it's place it left confusion.
"And tried to tell her that, but she insisted that we doubled the prices, and improve sales, or else I would lose my job. And it's impossible to sell anything at those prices, so because nothing has sold, about half an hour ago she came and relieved me of my position." Denise finished.
"Is this the truth?" Mr Weston asked.
Denise and Moray both nodded.
A creak came from the door. Mr Weston turned round, Moray looked at the door and Denise's bloodshot eyes left the floor to look in the direction of the door.
"Denise?" Mrs Weston's calm, yet threatening voice said as she strode in, "I thought I made myself clear when I said I wanted you to leave."
"Who said anything about Denise leaving?" Mr Weston asked her. Shocked looks crossed everyone's faces, except his own, which remained straight.
"Excuse me?" Mrs Weston replied.
"Denise is the best person we employ here. I actually came here with the mind to increase her wages," Mr Weston said, "but then I found out that nothing, since Monday morning had sold in Ladieswear, because prices have been doubled. Do you know anything about this Catherine?"
"I found out today. That's why I asked Denise to leave," she spoke.
Anger started to rise in Denise and Moray noticed this a grabbed her hand, not wanting her to do anything she might later regret. He was feeling angry too, but he knew he needed to leave this between Mr and Mrs Weston for now.
"We only got here less than an hour ago," Mr Weston said, "I found out about 5 minutes ago, but presumed it was Moray who raised them."
"No," Catherine replied suddenly and actively, "it was obviously Denise."
"But did you have any proof?" Mr Weston asked her, and before giving her a chance to continue, "did you not think it best to find out the facts first, for all you know," a smirk formed on his face, knowing that Catherine had no idea he knew it was her all along, "it could of been Moray here."
"He will have had a part in this too. Moray can join Denise. We can force him to leave too!" Catherine said, a smirk forming on her lips at the thought of the pair of them suffering.
"No," Denise exclaimed, but Mr Weston raised a hand to silence her.
"Who said Denise had been fired?" Mr Weston asked his wife.
"Well I took it upon myself to remove her from-"
"No Catherine, you have no right to do this. I know. I know it was you who told them to raise the prices. I don't know what your little scheme was Catherine, maybe to over rule me. Maybe to hurt Denise. Maybe because you still have feelings for Moray!" Mr Weston was shouting at this point and Moray was holding Denise in his arms. "Whatever it was it hasn't worked Catherine, none of your plans will ever work!" Mr Weston added. Catherine backed away slowly. Turning around Mr Weston spoke, much more calmly than he had to his wife, "Denise, as I had decided before coming here, wages will be raised. That is if you will still work here after what has happened this week." Denise nodded, so he continued, "Could you please get dressed into your work clothes and return to your position as soon as you can." Denise smiled, picked up her bag and left with Moray, leaving the married couple to talk.
When they got outside, they heard shouting. Moray took the bag from Denise and held her hand in his, leading her back to her room. As they got inside, he wrapped his arms around her and kissed the top of her head, "I'm so sorry that I couldn't shield you from her plans Denise. I'm so sorry I couldn't protect you," Moray spoke into her blonde locks, as a tear rolled down his cheek. Denise looked up and into his eyes, wiping away the tears. She had never seen him cry before.
"Please don't cry," she spoke, "You can't always protect me. I don't always need shielding," she added." They smiled at each other and gazed into each other eyes. Moray looked at her face, taking in every tiny detail. Oh, how he loved her. Denise looked at Moray, noticing his button on his waistcoat was undone. Reaching out her hands, she went to fasten the button, but Moray grasped them tightly before she could and held them too his heart. He leant his head closer to hers, until he could feel her breath on his skin. He matched his breathing to hers, as theirs hearts beat quicker and quicker the closer he got. When he was just inches away he tilted his head and crushed her lips with his own.


>