



Hi guys!





This story idea begun after i had a dream, i don't even remember the dream itself, but it kept eating at me and i hope you guys like it :).





I know that i have still a few other stories that i'm working on, but i really lack inspiration on them :(





so here is the story.. don't know if it's a one-shot or it becomes a multi-chapter story! Depends on what you think of it and the kind of reviews i get :)





(Warning! - No beta and Dutch van origin and i have Dyslexia (or how do you spell it?), please don't hold any grammar mistakes and typo's against me))





Enjoy your reading!




Glancing down at the clock on the corner of his computer, Tony sighed. For the last 5 minutes he watched the numbers change. It was Friday night, 6:59 pm and they hadn't caught a case, so it was a
long
boring day of paper work. Gibbs had been in MTAC all day only coming out of there for coffee and lunch.

For once it was quiet in the bullpen. Tony wasn't shooting paper balls to Ziva or hadn't super glued McGee's keyboard. McGee and Ziva were typing away on their keyboard.
How can they have so much paperwork?
Tony thought. He was long done and bored out of his mind, but he couldn't go home unless it was 7:30 pm or Gibbs gave them permission to go, before that time. Unfortunately for them, Gibbs hadn't come out of MTAC for the last two hours.

Tony also had a mental note in the back of his mind that, when he saw Gibbs, he didn't know what it was, but something just didn't seem right.

He really hoped he could go out of here before 7:30 though. The place he needed to go to before traveling further, only was open until that time, and most Friday nights he was on time. Today he wasn't so sure. For now Tony was playing his favorite game
tetris
on the computer. The dinging sound of the elevator, made him look up and smile. Abby came bouncing into the bullpen.

''What is our Mistress of the Dark doing up here?'' Tony asked as he leaned back in his chair. Ziva and McGee both stopped typing and looked up too, smiling at the cheerful banner Abby always brought with her.

''Well since that it is Friday night and we don't have a case and you guys aren't and I am not on call this weekend, I thought maybe we could go out for drinks and pizza with everyone!'' She said happily as she sat down on top of Gibbs' empty desk.

''Sounds like a idea'' McGee agreed immediately.

''Yay!'' Abby clapped and turned to Ziva.

''Did you have a place in mind?'' Ziva asked, considering it.

''Well, there's a new pizza place at the navy yard, called... 'Il Piacere' or something'' Abby replied. ''I spoke with Linda from Internal Crimes, she said it was one of the best pizza's she had in a very long time and said the place has a great feel!''

''The place it called
Pleasure
? And she said it had a great feel?'' Tony chuckled skeptically.

''Well... you can't judge a book by it's cover, so you can't judge a place by it's name either'' Abby retorted. She turned back to Ziva.''You coming? I already spoke with Jimmy and Ducky. Ducky goes to his mother tonight to spend the weekend, but Jimmy is coming too''

Ziva nodded ''I do not have other plans, going out sound good. Are we going somewhere else after the pizza?''

''Maybe a little clubbing, dancing, drinking, that kind of stuff'' Abby shrugged, then frowned. She jumped off Gibbs' desk and walked over to Tony ''You coming too, right Tony?'' She asked. ''If we go out I have to have my hero Agent to rescue me from all bad guys'' She said playfully.

Tony leaned forward now. It had been a long time since they went out with each other. But why tonight?
Oh right, Friday night, Big date night
. He mentally head-slapped himself. He couldn't believe he didn't even connected that one. That he probably to do with the fact that he didn't date all that much and even less so on a Friday night, because—

He sighed. ''Sorry Abby, I can't. I already have plans''

''Got another date, Tony?'' Ziva asked teasing.

He didn't know had to answer that. ''Uh... something like that''

''Where did you meet this one?'' McGee played along with Ziva.

''I met her through a friend of mine, some time ago'' Tony answered. It wasn't a lie, but it wasn't the whole truth either.

''But Tony!'' Abby whined. ''Can't you cancel? it isn't the first time you cancel a date. Come on it's been so long!''

Abby was right. It had been too long. Six months to be precise. Six months of a case-after-case chain. And now finally a week of paper work only and a weekend off. But it was Friday night. It really felt like he would cancel a date. A date that somehow, while he didn't know why, was really important to him.

''No'' Tony shook his head. He could, it wasn't like she was going to be pissed, if he didn't show up. She wouldn't call or come to him for an explanation, really, it wouldn't matter, but still, the last six months, he ''Sorry Abbs''

Ziva and McGee exchanged glances to each other, then to Tony again and finally settled on Abby, who frowned, having the same confused thoughts.

''She must be special'' McGee quipped.

Tony wanted to say something about that, but before he could answer, a low voice interrupted him from behind him. ''Who must be special?''

Tony turned in his chair to see, Gibbs walking down the stairs. He followed him with his eyes as Gibbs walked into the bullpen and looked over his agents and scientist.

''Tony's new girlfriend'' Ziva grinned.

''We are going out tonight and Tony can't go because he has a date'' Abby elaborated.

''Since when is that new?'' Tony asked. He had been going to
them
every Friday night. ''It's been six months since we went out on Friday''

''Yeah and thats why we have to go! We deserve to go out, we worked hard and now we're having 2 days and maybe the rest of the week, if Jenny agrees of doing nothing and not worrying that we are called in'' Abby whined, trying to convince him.

''You have a new girlfriend?'' Gibbs turned to Tony, interested. He didn't know if he was the only one who noticed, but ever since somewhere half a year ago, Tony hadn't spoken about one night stands, a girl he dated now and then, but it came up rarely. He didn't know what to think of it. But Tony's behavior hadn't changed at work and he didn't seem different, so had let it go, just thinking that Tony had changed and maybe was seeking something real.

''I never said that'' Tony shook his head. ''They broke rule number 8, boss'' Gibbs rolled his eyes.

Ziva frowned. ''Never take anything for granted?''
What did that have to do with this?


''The other, Rule number 8, Zee-va'' Tony said.

''Never assume'' Gibbs said, as he went to his desk and sat down, looking at his computer.

''Why do you have a number with two rules, when you sometimes skip a number? Isn't it more logical to put one of the rules in that number?'' Ziva asked.

''Gibbs doesn't do logical'' Abby grinned, when Gibbs didn't answer.

Nobody said anything to that.

''So, boss'' Tony said hesitantly, breaking the weird silence that came over them. ''Can we go? I mean we don't have a case I really do have somewhere to be''

Gibbs frowned. It almost sounded like a plea. But all that he said was, ''Go home all of you. See you on Monday morning, 8 am sharp'' Because he wasn't in his best mood today... Nope scratch that. He was in a bad mood. He hated today, but he didn't want other to know that.

''Gibbs, Gibbs Gibbs! Aren't you coming with us?'' Abby asked as she now stood right in front of his desk.

''You know I don't go out'' He said, not looking up from the computer screen.

''But tonight is the first night in weeks!'' She pouted.

''Yeah and it's the first time in weeks I can work on my boat peacefully after I ate on a more normal time at night and without having a chance of waking up, by dispatch'' Gibbs countered, his tones was harsher then he meant it to be.
Dammit!


Abby pouted again, but she knew that he needed a time off of NCIS and being around people all the time. ''Okay'' She turned back to McGee and Ziva who were packing up. She noticed that Tony was nowhere to be seen.

''He packed up and disappeared, the moment Gibbs said we could go'' McGee said.

''I bet it's still a girlfriend, he hasn't been talking about one night stands lately'' Abby said. McGee and Ziva nodded in agreement.

There was Gibbs answer. He wasn't the only one who had noticed it.

''Well come on then. Let's see if Jimmy is ready to go'' Ziva said as she and the two other walked towards the elevator.

''Night Gibbs'' and ''See you on Monday, boss'' sounded through the bullpen and then Gibbs was alone.

He sighed as his mask slit from his face. This was really the worst day of the year to have a MTAC day, but he was glad that he could go home now.

As soon as Gibbs had said the words, Tony bolted out of the bullpen. He stood in the elevator and looked at his watch. Fifteen minutes. He only had fifteen minutes, to go to the shop and buy the flowers. Why is it, that in the only place in this part of DC, the only shop with the flowers he needed, closed so early? He got in his car and spurted out of the garage.

He raced, but still not Gibbs style, to the shop. As he parked the car in front of it store and glanced at his watch again.
12 minutes.

new record
He thought to himself.

He stepped out and walked into the store. He looked over the flowers, as he walked to the end of the store, where the pay desk was, and the working shop behind that. as he watched, he noticed the that they had a selection of garlands. Nice ones. He stopped to look at them. The flowers were a mix light yellow and pink roses. He smiled. ''
Would she like that?
'' He asked himself.

''Tony! I was scared you wouldn't show up this week.'' A cheerful you female voice said.

Tony turned to see a young girl standing next to him. He smiled at the familiar face. ''Hey Cindy'' He said. Cindy was the daughter of the florist and often helped on the store. ''Better late then never, huh?''

''Mom already, has the flowers ready'' Cindy grinned. ''She used her special touch. Said a kind and handsome costumer like you, deserved her best work. I think she has a little crush on you''

''Isn't you mother married?'' He asked amused, with a chuckle.

''Yeah, but that doesn't stop her from looking and making dad jealous'' Cindy replied dryly. She looked to what Tony had been looking at. ''Nice don't you think?

He nodded. ''Yeah. I like them, I'm considering to buy one''

''What's keeping ya so hesitant?'' She asked.

''Don't know if one of them would like it'' Tony explained.

''Well what kind of persons were they?'' Cindy wanted to help.

''That's the weird part. I uhm.. only met them once'' Tony said awkwardly.

Cindy frowned. ''You buy flowers for the last six months every Friday, for people you don't even know?''

''It's complicated'' It was silent for a moment. ''You know what? I take one anyway, I'm sure one of them would have loved them''

''Okay'' Cindy grinned. ''You pick one, I'm going to look what it is that is taking my mom so long''

Tony watched her walk away and into the room behind the pay desk. He looked over the garlands and picked one where the roses were not yet open. Thinking that they would last longer outside. Then walked to the pay desk.

As he placed the garland on the desk, A older female, probably late forties came out followed by Cindy. She held the bouquets of flowers.

''Hey Tony'' She smiled the same smile as Cindy did.

''Hi, Margaret'' He replied.

''Finished them about a hour ago, thought you wouldn't show up today'' She said. The disappointment clearly in her voice.

''My boss was late, can't get home before I have his permission to go'' He explained

''He let's you work hard?'' She asked, interested. She was busy wrapping them up in nice paper, while Cindy ticked something in on the cash register.

''Nothing I can't handle. I love my job, but I'm glad it was a calm week. Didn't have a case at all''

''That's new'' Cindy said.

''Yup'' Tony said as he placed a couple of bill on the desk, shoving them to Cindy. ''Keep the change''

''You picked out a nice garland!'' Margaret praised him.

''Yeah. Hope they would like them'' Tony said.

''Sure they would'' Cindy smiled and got one in return.

''Here'' Margaret handed him the two bouquets in a bag to hold them together so he could held them better. ''Tell that boss of yours to keep you safe, wouldn't want my best costumer to get shot'' She winked.

''I will'' He nodded with a grin and also picked up the garland. ''Have a good night, Mags. See you next week, Cindy'' He said and walked away a again.

''Bye Tony'' He heard them say at once, as he closed the door behind him. He drove off to go to his next destination.

30 minutes later, Tony stepped out of his car again. He stopped for a moment a took a deep breath like he always did. Their were a few sounds around him. The soft spring wind whispering through the trees and bushes, the sound of birds singing or chatting with one another, quiet footsteps on the gravel paths of the grounds of other people who came here, and their quiet whispers.

He opened the passengers door and took out the two bouquets and the garland. He took them all in his hands and kicked the door shut with his foot.

He took another deep breath, before he started walking. He looked around as he walked and saw a few people sitting or standing by their loved ones they had lost. He knew the way now, could walked to it even if he was blind and went straight to the now familiar headstones.

He stopped and looked around once more, but at this part of the graveyard, no one was around. He lowered himself, laid the flowers next to him and smiled at the pictures that were placed against the headstones under the texts.

''Hey, Shannon, Kelly'' He whispered. ''I'm back''




So? what'ya think? Should i go on or should this be kept a one-shot? I love reviews, the more the better! keeps me motivated... but keep in mind Positive Thoughts... if you like it review! if not that please don't. :)





-X- Leonie





-X- Leonie



>