


Hello Everyone! Thank you for taking your time to read my new drabble series. This will be a series of one-shots that will sometimes interconnect. All will focus around Robin and Tharja and their family. Of course the other Shepherds will make appearances here and there. The ratings will probably change, but I will try to keep it below M. Enjoy!





Mother-Daughter Bonding



There are sixty seconds in one minute, sixty minutes in one hour, twenty-four hours in one day, seven days in a week, around thirty days per month, and twelve months in a year. For the dark sorceress, Tharja, it felt like an eternity before her beloved Robin was finally returned to her.

The noble idiot had tried to leave her in such a heroically foolish way, but their bond wasn't something death could break. When Prince Chrom of Ylisse had said that Robin could still be alive, she knew her heroic idiot would return to her, or she would hunt after him in the afterlife...

Tharja knew she had to be patient so she decided to focus on ideas of what she would do upon Robin's return. Sadly these ideas would usually go to the gutter and leave the sorceress deeply flustered and unsatisfied. Of course her frustrations didn't go unnoticed so the Shepherds would actively avoid her when she was in one of "those" moods. They gave silent prayers to Naga to return their Tactician before his wife hexed them all.

Tharja decided to try to improve her hexes and curses, but there weren't any suitable targets since the war had ended. She contemplated trying the non-lethal ones on her fellow shepherds, but she dismissed that idea. If they were trying to recover from her hexes, then they couldn't be searching for Robin! She also had to admit that they all had their uses and Robin was quite fond of them...

Finally, Tharja decided to do the one thing she was dreading the most, spend time with her children...make no mistake, Tharja loved her kids, but they were so much like their father that it hurt to be around them.

Her eldest daughter, Noire, shared the same honey blond hair as their beloved Robin. Her shyness reminded her of how Robin used to act around her before he finally succumbed to her love. Noire was a sweet girl; she obviously inherited that from her father. It didn't help that Noire was scared to death of her. It definitely hurt Tharja that her own daughter was afraid of her, but she was comforted in the fact that Noire held no grudges and loved her dearly. Their relationship seemed to be getting better, at least in Tharja's opinion.

Tharja's thoughts drifted to her other daughter, Morgan.

"I just don't understand that girl sometimes..." Tharja thought with a grimace

Morgan's looks obviously came from her. Her silky black hair and pale complexion were just reminders that she was the mother. Her skills in the dark arts were also a clincher. Sadly, that was where the similarities ended. Morgan was a perpetually happy child with an air of naïveté surrounding her that obviously didn't come from Tharja. It didn't help that Morgan couldn't even remember her. Was she that horrid that Morgan's mind just erased her existence? That thought hurt a lot more than anything else. Tharja knew she wasn't a saint, but she thought she would have treated her children better. They were symbols of love between her and her sweet Robin.

Tharja wouldn't admit it to anyone, but she was ashamed to face her daughters. She would constantly be plagued with thoughts telling her she was an unfit mother and so on.

Tharja stopped in front of her's and Robin's tent. She sighed before resting her hand on her forehead. She was so conflicted with what she wanted to do. She wanted to build a better relationship with her daughters, but she was afraid of screwing up and pushing them further away.

With a sigh, Tharja decided she would just go to sleep and try again in the morning. Right before Tharja entered her tent, she heard arguing coming from the clearing her tent was in. Annoyed, Tharja decided to let off some steam upon those fools would dare to disturb her. She walked into the clearing to see Noire and Morgan talking. Curious, Tharja decided to hide her presence and listen to what her daughters had to say to one another.

"BLOOD AND THUNDER! WE ARE KIN FOOL! TWO SOULS CONNECTED BY BIRTH AND BLOOD! NEVER AGAIN IMPLY THAT I MIGHT BE SO SHAMELESS AS TO ABANDON YOU!" Noire yelled at Morgan.

Morgan recoiled in fear. "Eek! I'm sorry, Noire! Really! P-please, let me make it up to you!"

Morgan and Tharja watched as Noire's stance become more meek and non-threatening. "...V-very well. You can start by coming with me into town."

"Huh? But you said that doesn't have to do with getting my memories back," Morgan replied in a confused tone.

"Hey, there's no rule that says you can't have a little fun while you try. And there's certainly no rule against making some happy new memories, either. You're young! Live a little! There'll be plenty of time to worry later," Noire said with a smile that reminded Tharja of Robin.

Morgan gave off her own megawatt smile before glomping Noire around the waist. "Right... You're right! Thanks, Sis!"

Tharja smiled softly at the scene in front of her. Noire had grown into an amazing older sister and Tharja was proud of her. Tharja decided that she was going to let her girls have their day together and she'll try to bond with them on another day. As she was leaving, Tharja accidentally stepped on a twig which alerted Noire and Morgan to her presence.

"W-Who's there? Show yourself!" Noire commanded weakly while trying to shield Morgan with her body from the unseen threat.

Tharja cursed at her lack of stealth before walking hesitantly into the clearing. "It's alight girls. It's just me, your mother…"

Tharja watched as Noire tried to replicate a deer-in-the-headlights expression while Morgan seemed to bounce with excitement.

"Mother! It's good to see you! What are you doing here?" Morgan asked bubbly.

Tharja shifted uncomfortably. "I was looking for you two actually. I was wondering if I could practice on you…I mean WITH you."

Tharja wanted to face-palm at her own ineptitude with speaking with her own daughters. Noire looked very pale and was shaking like a leaf in the wind while Morgan looked confused, but eager to please like a little puppy…

"I'm sorry; I didn't mean it that way, Noire. I overheard you were heading into town so I won't intrude," Tharja said before turning to walk out of the clearing.

"Mother, w-wait!" Noire's voice halted Tharja in her tracks.

"W-We would like it if you came along. We haven't s-seen you much since..." Noire's eyes clouded with sadness at the thought of her father's death.

Tharja actually saw the pain in both her daughters' eyes at the reference to their father. They were hurting just as much as she was and she overlooked that. It made her feel even worse about her lack of parenting skills. Tharja knew she needed to amend that.

"We'll have none of that. Your father will come back to us, even if I have to drag him back from the afterlife. Now let's go. I need to pick up some supplies for my hexes anyways," Tharja said dismissively.

It wasn't the warmest of messages, but it was a good start. Noire's awestruck expression and Morgan's giddy smile was enough to tell Tharja that she'd said the right thing for now.



Robin will make an appearance next chapter. Have a nice day!


>