



Revenge is a Dish Best Served with a Side of Bear



It was a nice crisp autumn day. The sun was shining, the birds were singing, and the Risen were ruining a festival in a nearby town. The Shepherds were called in to stop the Risen menace before they ruined the Harvest Scramble, as the locals called it.

Things were actually going smoothly as the group's tactician worked his magic on the battlefield. The tactician, Robin, had divided up the Shepherd forces into pairs before engaging the enemy. Surprisingly, he paired his dark mage girlfriend with the ever exuberant Manakete, Nowi. Usually the dark mage and the tactician were inseparable since the Tharja switched to the Shepherds side, but this was not the case today.

Tharja didn't mind though. Nowi was one of the few Shepherds that she didn't outright dislike for some reason. That is of course when the Manakete wasn't badgering her with questions and comments…or trying to play tag with her without her consent like she was trying to do a moment ago.

"Tharja, you're so boingy!" Nowi exclaimed with a giggle as she basically hug-tackled the buxom Dark mage.

Tharja was knocked onto the ground by the unexpected impact. She grunted slightly before pushing the Manakete off of her and standing up. "What was that for?"

"Weren't we playing tag?" Nowi asked innocently.

Tharja glared at her. "No, I never agreed to play with you. We're in a middle of a battlefield too."

Unsurprisingly, Nowi just waved her off. "Robin already routed the Risen. I thought we could celebrate with a game!"

Tharja sighed before noticing that Nowi was right. Her brilliant boyfriend had indeed cleared the village of the threat and the majority of the Shepherds were relaxing or chatting with each other.

She spotted her blond haired boyfriend talking quietly with the Exhalt of Ylisse, Chrom. He caught her staring at him and he smiled in her direction. Tharja felt the blood rush to her cheeks as she turned her head towards the ground.

Nowi puffed out her cheeks in annoyance as her dark mage friend ignored her, "Tharja! Didn't you hear me? I said you're boingy!

Tharja stared at the Manakete weirdly. "…And what does that mean, exactly?...Do I even want to hear this?

"You know! Your figure! Like, your hips and your...other parts! Boingy!" Nowi said as she made an hour glass shape with her hands.

Tharja looked mortified before sighing exasperatedly. "Gods. Where do you learn such things? One moment I'm dealing with a simpering innocent and the next…"

Nowi just shrugged casually. " Sooo...can I see 'em? Your boingy bits, I mean..."

Tharja sent a sharp glare towards the Manakete. No one touched her goods besides Robin. "Why are you even asking ME, anyway? There must be others with more *ahem* "boingy" bits than me."

Nowi shook her head negatively. "Oh, no. I've checked out EVERYBODY in the whooole army, and you know what? You're the boingiest of them all...Trust me."

Tharja actually felt a little smug that she had the best body among all the female Shepherds, though it didn't stop her sarcastic dismissal. "What an honor. Perhaps you should check again to be safe? Now go on. Run along."

Nowi actually grew angry at Tharja for patronizing her. "FINE! If you're gonna be like that, I will! ROBIN! HEY, ROBIN! Tharja said I should ask you about her boingy-"

Tharja gasped before rushing over towards the Manakete and slapping her hand over the girl's mouth. " Grr...Pipe down, or I'll hex you into next week!

Nowi shrugged off Thraja's hand. "But you just TOLD me to-"

"I changed my mind. No more asking anyone about boingy bits, you hear?" Tharja demanded in a dark tone.

"Will you at least tell me what your boingy bits feel like? Are they soft?" Nowi asked curiously.

Tharja sighed tiredly before pinching the bridge of her nose to relieve the impending headache she could feel was coming. "What is this all about? Why do you want to know?

Nowi smiled before saying, "Well, I heard some of the men talking about your figure...And they said they bet your boingy bits are white as snow and soft as pillows. That sounds pretty nice to me! So I decided I had to see for myself."

There was an awkward silence before Nowi noticed that Tharja was emitting a dark aura around her. The Manakete was going to say something, but the burning look in Tharja's eyes silenced her.

"Grrr...When I find out who these men are who've been talking about me...Well, let's just say there are about to be some new toads hopping around camp..." Tharja swore.

Unknown to Tharja and Nowi, they had a pair of eavesdroppers listening in and one was not happy. Chrom was as white as a sheet of parchment as he looked over at his enraged Tactician. Like his girlfriend, Robin was emitting a visible aura of malcontent.

"R-Robin, I'm sure this is a simple m-misunderstanding…There's no need to do anything drastic…" Chrom stuttered.

Robin slowly turned his gaze upon Chrom. Chrom honestly would rather face a thousand Risen than being locked under Robin murderous look, "I wouldn't stand in your way if someone made those remarks about Sumia, Chrom."

Chrom grimaced but he did understand that he would be just as upset as Robin. "Just don't kill anyone…Also I had nothing to do with what the others said, I swear!"

Robin continued to glare before nodding briskly. "I believe you, Chrom. Now if you would excuse me, I have some plans to make…"

Chrom let out a sigh of relief before he turned to look at the unsuspecting male Shepherds. It was a pity what was going happen to them, but sometimes sacrifices had to be made. Hopefully they would sate Tharja and Robin's lust for revenge. If Chrom knew what Robin was thinking, then maybe he would have included himself among the unfortunate.

"
Sorry Chrom, you may have had nothing to do with it, but without a list of the perpetrators, I'll have to assume everyone is guilty…"
Robin thought darkly as he looked over a list of names of his future targets.


Frederick


"Oh? I thought you were serious about getting over this, Frederick. Look, I'm not a monster. I prepared a whole series of meats in order of gaminess. We can take it slow." Robin managed to beguile Frederick into trying out different meats.

Frederick sighed. "Well, I suppose I did ask for this."

Robin clapped his hands in delight, "All right then. We'll start with chicken, pork, and then beef…"

Frederick: slowly ate the proffered meals and to his delight they were all good. "...Hmm, excellent so far."

"Next is mutton. It starts to get a little tricky here," Robin warned before handing Frederick the next meal.

Frederick gulped audibly before slowly started chewing. "...This is...manageable."

"You're doing great! Okay, this one's venison." Robin encouraged.

Frederick hesitated only slightly before digging into his next meal. He didn't notice Robin's dark smirk nor did he notice the strange glow emitting from all the meals or Robin's hand.

"I lied, that's actually bear entrails." Robin smirked as Frederick basically regurgitated all he just ate.

Lissa would later tell Chrom that Frederick wouldn't be able to leave his restroom for at least a full day. She didn't specify why, but the groans and gurgles were enough of an indication as to why…


Vaike


"Chrom, is Robin feeling alright?" Vaike asked as he bandaged up his numerous wounds littered around his body.

Chrom looked over Vaike in dismay, "He is perfectly healthy, why do you ask?"

"It's just that…he kept sending me to fight enemies who had counter moves. He didn't even let me attack from afar. Usually he's more observant about these details, but this time he was pretty careless. Most of these wounds were actually from counter attacks…" Vaike complained…

Chrom sighed tiredly, "I'm sure he just had an off day…"


Gregor


"Many strange coincidences having been happening around Gregor..." Gregor said to himself.

The strange occurrences started off small, his swords would break when he was practicing in the training yard, but that was no big deal. Many swords broke under the strength and rigorous training of the mighty Gregor.

Gregor noticed that many chairs he sat in started to break. Gregor concluded that he was getting fatter and decided to cut down on the extra desserts. He gave them to Nowi, much to the Manakete's delight.

The new ales he drank tasted more like goat piss than actual beer. They also didn't get him buzzed as they used to, but Gregor just assumed that he was building a tolerance to alcohol. It still wasn't the worst drink he's ever tasted so he never complained.

His clothes and weapons started to feel heavier, but Gregor chalked it up to him growing weaker in his old age. No matter what happened to Gregor he would just laugh it off and continue on his merry way. It infuriated Robin that nothing he did affected the big man and eventually he just gave up.


Libra


"By Naga, I will punish those who took my clothes and replaced them with…
this.
" Libra muttered a curse as he ignored the whistles and catcalls
from other men
.

While Libra had been asleep, someone had taken all of his priest robes and left only a pink frilly dress more suited for Lissa or Maribelle. It only went to his mid thigh and exposed his slender legs. Sadly, the only tailor was in the heart of the village and he did not have any alternate clothing to wear. Libra ignored all the pickup lines and date requests from men who mistook him as a woman while trying to keep his head held up high.


Virion


"My dear Tactician, I do believe I am in love! I saw a vision of beauty today in the village. She had lustrous blonde hair and a body of the gods wrapped in the perfect pink dress…" Virion swooned.

"That was Libra…" Robin said in an amused tone.

There was an awkward pause as Virion's face ran the gamut of emotions before finally settling onto horror.

"I…I have to go rethink some things…" Virion stuttered out before sprinting away

"You do that…"


Donny


"Hold still Donny!" Lissa yelled at her patient as she tried to pull the pot off her teammate's head.

"Ow, ow, ow! Stop! It's not coming loose! It's tugging my hair!" Donny yelped in pain.

Lissa let go of the pot which caused Donny to lose his balance and smack his pot covered head on the ground. It didn't hurt but the constant ringing afterwards gave him a headache.

"It's like it's superglued onto you, Donny…Who would do such a thing?" Lissa said with a sad sigh.


Ricken


Ricken recognized that he was locked in an empty storage room in the Shepherd's camp. He couldn't remember how he got there, but he was stuck. The heavy wooden door was locked from the outside and there weren't any windows low enough for Ricken to reach. Just before he gave up all hope, Ricken noticed a shine of light above him. The key to the door was dangling above his head! Ricken leapt up to grab it, but to his horror, he couldn't reach it.

"Oh come on! That's not fair!" he cried out before continuing to leap after the key.


Henry


"Did I say you can slack off?!" Frederick yelled out to his newest recruit.

"I'm trying my best, Frederick, give me a break!" Henry panted out.

Frederick crossed his arms before glaring at the young dark mage, "I can't do that Henry, and it's brought to my attention your lackadaisical behavior. I cannot allow it to continue or else someone might get hurt. Robin suggested this type of training to break you from your lazy habits…"

"
Geez, what did I ever do to Robin to deserve this?"
Henry thought as Frederick forced him to do 500 one armed pushups.


Lon'qu


"I'm not sure about this experiment, Robin." Miriel confessed.

"Look, Lon'qu's fear of women is a danger to not only him, but his fellow Shepherds. I know he says he won't freeze up on the battlefield, but I don't want to take that risk…" Robin said.

"But how does filling his room with female mannequins help him overcome his fear?" Miriel asked dubiously.

"Well these aren't real women. To get over his fear, we have to ease their presence into his safe zones and these fake ones will help him build a tolerance." Robin didn't mention that these mannequins were life like models and scary enough to make Gregor look the other way.

"I guess it couldn't do any harm…I will monitor Lon'qu's reaction. Thank you for your help, Robin." Miriel concluded.

As Miriel walked off with the mannequins, Robin couldn't contain his dark smirk, "It was my pleasure…


Gaius


Gaius was in hell. There was no question about it. All the misdeeds he did had finally caught up to him. The torture he was currently enduring could only be thought up by those insane followers of Grima.

"I'm sorry, Gaius, but you won't be able to taste anything until your tongue heals. Even with my magic, it will take maybe a week to fully heal. Sugar will just delay the healing process, so I have to make sure you stay away from it at all costs." Lissa said in no nonsense tone.

Gaius almost broke out in tears after hearing that. He swore he would never try Robin's cooking ever again…


Chrom


"Chrom came up to me and asked if I had anything to do with his new clumsiness. I didn't and told him that much, but I didn't mention that someone did lay a hex on him." Tharja mentioned casually as she and Robin watched Chrom stumble over his own feet more often than Sumia.

Robin gave his girlfriend a look a mock-surprise, "I hope you're not accusing me, dear. Why would I ever want to humiliate or embarrass my comrades like this. I think I'll accept Gregor's way of thinking and chalk it up as just a string of weird coincidences…"

Tharja giggled in that girlish way that made his heart soar before she draped her slender arms around his shoulders and moved her mouth to his ear, "I love it when you get all jealous and possessive of me…"

Robin let out a little growl before nipping at Tharja's neck, "You're mine, Tharja. I don't appreciate when others talk about my girl like that…"

Tharja let out a pleased sigh before snuggling closer to Robin. She noticed the thoughtful look on his face and asked, "What's the matter?"

Robin frowned for second before replying, "I can't help but feel like I'm forgetting something…


Kellam


After witnessing all the strange things happening to the male Shepherds, Kellam was actually quite thankful that the curse had overlooked him…



A/N I know it's been a while since I last updated this. I wonder if anyone still follows this or has everyone moved on to the next fire emblem game? If you're still here, thank you for being patient. If you're hear about one of my other fics, please look at my profile instead.


>