


Normal POV


"I wonder when she'll be back. It's been four years now." Evergreen sighed, missing her best friend and partner in crime.

"Don't worry it's only an escort and delivery job. And then the magic council assigned her that job to take down that Dark Guild. We all know she's more than capable." Freed assured.

"Besides, she's just like her brother. She'll be fine." Bixlow added.

"I'm not worried about her safety, guys. I just miss her. She's my best friend." Evergreen sighed again. "And she's nothing like him! He's physically stronger, but she's smarter!"

"If only she was here to have stopped Fantasia from happening."

At that moment the door swung open to reveal Loke gasping for air. "It's
her
. She's back." The guild gets nervous and begins to panic. Guild members were running around in full hysteria. Quiet footsteps could be heard by the dragon slayers. Natsu and Gray begged Erza to knock them out, but their request was wasted on a scared-beyond-belief Erza. Gajeel is sitting back in his dark corner staring at the widespread panic of the guild.

In the doorway, stood a petite girl who looked slightly worn and tired. Her hair was blonde and a small tuft of it tied in a ponytail with a yellow ribbon to the side. She wore a simple leather jacket over a white strapless shirt. Her mini-skirt was black which matched her combat boots. She had a simple looking katana strapped to her back. Her dark-blue-almost-brown eyes scanned the hall. She grimaced when it seemed she did not find what she was looking for. "Where's my grandfather?" She asked.

The guild remained silent.

"Not here? Then where's Laxus?"

The silence became unbearable, so thanks to Evergreen being her best friend, she saved them. "Welcome back, Lu! We've missed you."

"Ah. I've missed you all as well. Freed, Bixlow, Evergreen. Where is my family?"

Evergreen sweat dropped. "Right. About that, Lu… You see he was, uh… How do I say this?"

"He was excommunicated." Freed stated bluntly.

The girl turned around. "I'll be back."

The rest of the guild sighed of relief.

"Oh, my god. She's terrifying." Erza said quietly.

"I feel bad for Laxus, having to face her when she just got back from a four year long job." Gray and Natsu shivered.

Gajeel slowly made his way over to Erza, Natsu, Gray, and Happy. "What's her deal? Who is she?" He asked, this girl intrigued him immensely. There was something… powerful about this girl that got his attention. The way she walked, talked, commanded the room, the way she smelled.
Stop that, Gajeel! You sound like a pervert!
Gajeel scolded himself.

"That's Laxus' sister and Gramps' granddaughter, Lucy Dreyar. You might have heard if her as the Star Heart. She's a powerful celestial wizard. She's only lost once and that was to Laxus when they were kids. She just picked up magic and he had is lightning magic for over a year. Laxus is very protective of his sister so don't go trying to use her to win a fight!" Gray explained. "Laxus wouldn't even let me see her for a month after I asked her for her underwear."

"She could very well be Fairy Tail's next Master. But knowing her she'll drag Laxus back here and have him on his knees beg-" Erza started.

BOOM!

"I said I'm sorry! How many times do I have to apologize?!" There stood Lucy "Star Heart" Dreyar dragging her older brother by the collar of his shirt. She threw him to the bar and tied him to it.

"You will stay here until Grandfather returns from the Guild Master's conference and when he does, you will get on your knees and beg for forgiveness."

Erza sweat dropped. "Called it."

Feeling bold, Gajeel walks up to the blonde girl standing guard on Laxus, ignoring the guild's warning. "I'm Gajeel Redfox." He held his hand out to her.

She looked between him and his hand and smiled. "Lucy Dreyar, Fairy Tail's third S-Class."

"Don't you even dare try something, Redfox." Laxus growled. "You're still Phantom Scum. You and that blue haired rain chick."

Lucy turned abruptly to her brother. "Laxus-nii," She smiled sweetly. Her tone was childish and adorable. "Would you kindly shut up? Remember, you're the one in trouble." It was that sickly-sweet voice that made Laxus cringe.

He nodded vigorously. "Y-yes!"

"Good." She turned back to Gajeel, who had a smirk on his face, only because he got to look at her butt. "I apologize for my brother. He's normally such a sweet boy."

Gajeel blinked at her. "It's not a problem. How was the job?" He asked politely, trying to remain on her "Do Not Kill" list.

"Perverted old man. I swear, why does Grandfather always send me on those? And I'm frustrated… I can't find Leo's key. I've looked far and wide for it…" She mumbled. "Ah, sorry, that wasn't very polite. My mission was to escort a duke to the castle in Crocus. There was a group of assassins after him so the mission was bumped up to S-Class. That man has no manners nor concern for his own life."

"Why what went down?" Gajeel asked coolly, ignoring the growls from Laxus.

The guild was surprised at her openness towards Gajeel. That is except for the Raijinshu. They knew how kindhearted she really was and was only rough with Laxus because she cared for her older brother.

"Couldn't keep his grubby hands off me…" She sighed.

Gajeel snickered to himself.
I can see why, Star Heart, I can totally see why…
He thought as he checked her out without her noticing. Which made the guys of the guild growl with jealousy.

She turned to Laxus and wrapped her arms around his abdomen. "Laxus-nii… You need to think before you act. You're better than this. What would you have done if Grandfather had actually died? He's not as young as he used to be. What happened to my caring, over-protective, hot-headed big brother?"

His face softened. "Sorry, Luce… I forgot myself. I'll fix this. I promise you that, okay?"

Her face brightened as the guild "awww"ed at their brother sister moment.

"What is with the affection in the room man? I know Fairy Tail is all about nakama and family, but this is over kill." A man laughed from the doorway.

>