

This is a story relating to and based on the works of the various developers at SEGA, Sonic Team, and Alfa System known as Phantasy Star. This story is a work detailing the events surrounding these games through the eyes of my ideas personified by characters that I have created. This story will contain various spoilers to the plot of the series and viewer discretion is advised. I, in no way, intend to violate anyone's rights by creating this story, nor infringe on any other intellectual property owned by anyone, any character representing the likeness of people, alive or dead, is purely coincidental.

A special thanks to my friends to pressuring me into doing this and again for them for giving me ideas and motivating me to getting it done. Another special thanks to my best friends for allowing an inclusion of their characters in this story. I couldn't have done it without your help guys.



Phantasy Star: Chronicles through Time and Morality




Prologue:



A Prelude to the Eternal Struggle


The decisions that people make throughout their lives define who they are, be they good or bad. This story details the events that began before the beginning of time and continue on to this day. Far away and long ago, in the Andromeda Galaxy, lied a sun, that was orbited by three planets: Palma, Motavia, and Dezolis. These planets circled the sun to make up the Algol Star System. A man by the name of Waizz Landale, an inhabitant of the planet Palma, sought to unify the land and its nations under a single ruler. He managed to succeed with his goal and he unified the nations, he didn't stop there however; he later managed to colonize the neighboring planet Motavia and unify rule throughout the system. (The timeline which was used was then known as After Waizz or After Wars, or A.W. for short). But this was only the beginning of hardship for this system, a cycle was set into motion that involved the entire universe in its plans; for every thousand years, a great calamity would befall this system. Despite an inevitable fate that enshrouded the system, a hero would rise to challenge and defeat the evil that existed throughout the land. Such a hero was the great Alisa Landale, a descendant of the Landale bloodline, the adventure that she would take would set forth the winds of change that start the fight for control over existence.

One day, while snooping around Prime Minister Lassic's affairs, Alisa's brother Nero was killed in front of Alisa by Lassic's secret police. Alisa swore that she would avenge his death, thus she embarked on a journey; inadvertently saving dozens of people while having a few join her on her quest. Among the people who would join her were a talking cat named Myau, an incredibly strong warrior named Tylor, and a peerless wizard named Lutz; together they managed to head to Lassic's Air Castle and defeated him, successfully avenging Nero's death. After Lassic's death, Alisa returned to Motavia to inform the acting governor there to find that he has gone missing in a tunnel deep inside his palace, at the end of it laid a tremendously hideous and evil looking creature which turned out to actually be the governor possessed. With his soul and sanity freed, the governor revealed to Alisa that she is the rightful heir to the throne, she would take her seat on the throne and her bloodline continued. Another thousand years will come to pass and another descendant of her bloodline steps up to stop another disaster that falls upon the system. A computer system named Mother Brain is to blame, her defeat meant the freedom of the Algol Star System, but it came at a high price, her technology that she bestowed the system provided many advances that everyone became accustomed to and dependent on. Regardless of the inescapable, Mother Brain was destroyed and the world continued on for the next thousand years.

The time that came to pass the previous catastrophe began a great age of decay, the people couldn't cope with the loss of Mother Brain and society and the planets declined. During that age which would come to be known as the Great Collapse, the planet Palma was destroyed intentionally by a prison satellite that was crashed into it through Mother Brain's designs. Evil, it would seem, was gathering its strength for an all-on onslaught. The wheels of fate were set into motion, a great and powerful wizard known as Zio came into existence, causing tragedies where ever he went, those who sought refuge with him were converted into a religion in his worship. Life on Motavia became less structured and lawless, and the planet became a barren wasteland once more. To restore order, a mercenaries legion known as the Hunter's Guild was formed, people across the land seeking fortune would flock there to join. A upstart Hunter by the name of Chaz Ashley, followed by his mentor Alys Brangwin, were sent to a small town of Piata to investigate a problem with the local library and university. Little did they know, they would unravel a great mystery and start an adventure that would span throughout the solar system, very similar to adventure that Alisa took so long ago. They encountered many allies, but at the hands of Zio, Alys would fall in battle, crippled with an illness that could not be remedied that she would soon perish from. Coming to the end of their adventure, they would find the source of what caused each great calamity to attack Algol every thousand years and the means to combat it. Their goal clear, Chaz, along with his allies: Rune, Rika, Wren, and Raja; they travelled to the edge of darkness and defeated the great evil…or so they thought.

A great deal of time has passed since the events that unfolded long ago. Deep in Algolian space, an artificial satellite named Zelan that was designed to help maintain the environment of the two remaining planets was busy whirring about. Deep within the confines of the satellite lied an empty room near an airlock, from the back of the room, one could see a window that viewed the distant blue planet Dezolis. Suddenly, the room was blinded by light, dust that slightly covered the walls and floor whirled around in a circular fashion. As the flash and dust subsided, an elderly man wearing a white cape and green tunic stood, he wielded an ethereal staff that gave off a faint green glow and shimmered along with its golden body, the man dusted himself off and started moving out of the room and into the following corridor. The man proceeded farther and farther inside the compound until he reached an open chasm with a catwalk leading to various ends of the room, the moment he stepped on the catwalk, an alarm echoed throughout the entire facility. He showed no concern for this and continued on his way, by the next room, armed synthetic sentries waited for him, guns at the ready. He gazed upon the sentries with a blank expression; his blue eyes gleamed with anticipation. The flying drones locked onto the man and opened fire upon him, laser rounds whizzed towards him, resonating with the entire room. Each round simply disappeared once they reached him; a magical barrier surrounded him with the concussion of every would-be strike. Undeterred, the man nonchalantly passed the sentries as they continued to empty round after round on him. This cycle continued throughout the facility, no damage was taken on any side, the only evidence of his presence being the overwhelming noise of gunfire accompanying the alarm that rocked the satellite to its very core. At the center of the compound laid a large computer terminal opposite a small ledge, a bridge connecting the two parts of the room, and what seemed like a bottomless pit stood between. Lining the computer terminal was three sets of two chairs, in the center one sat a shadowed figure, and standing next to the figure with her hand on the shoulder of the chair stood a small female, she had green hair and was wearing a yellow battle suit. A group of floating sentries eased into the room while continuing to shoot the man that doggedly moved in stride through the facility, the girl turned her attention to the man and moved towards him. Her stern face turned into one of joy and then to shock as she observed the intruder.

"Master Wren, we have a guest! Please turn off the security measures quickly!" the girl exclaimed. With some quick motions of the wrist and hand, the figure went to work on the terminal and the drones ceased their assault, the man dropped his guard and then started to breathe heavily, his march seemed to put quite the toll on his fragile and aged frame, the girl rushed to the old man and began to emit a strange green light from her body.

"It is nice to see you Demi, thank you for that" as the man finally spoke.

"What has brought you all the way to Zelan? Did you come to see Wren?"

"I have, please, time is short and mine is limited on this plane" said the man, wheezing between his words. She assisted him to wrap his arm around her shoulder, nearly collapsing over on her in the process, they manage to hobble over the figure in the chair, who has since gotten up and started heading over to meet them halfway. The figure spoke: "Is that you Rune?"

Rune nodded in reply, he then spoke "I have to urgently speak with you relating to the matters that occurred during that fight all that time ago". After coughing and hacking, he resumed, "Wren, you spoke of a time warp when the void was collapsing around us, what did you see?"

"I saw an infinite amount of possible scenarios throughout the universe with similar dimensional features that could be accessed in a similar fashion" he replied.

"I was afraid of that, then Wren, I have a final request for you, do you still have the ship that you returned here with?"

"I do, it is still being maintained along with other vehicles in the hold, why do you ask?"

"I would like you to be able to make it compatible with this", Rune takes out of his tunic a peerlessly cut crystal that gave off an otherworldly glow, instead of allowing light to pass through it, it seemed to capture it. Rune continued, "With this, the ship will be able to track such an event, this will aid any would-be hero to assume the role required to stop the same calamities that befell Algol from attacking their star system and eventually the whole universe. While you are at it, can you possibly fit the ship to be able to work as a fully operational attack ship with defensive capabilities? We don't know what such a hero will encounter in their time and space" he finalized.

"I will do my best, this shouldn't be impossible" Wren said, he took the crystal from Rune's failing hands and rushed off to the machine center within the facility.

"Demi, I will need your assistance for this next part. I need you to use your medicinal powers on me so that I may continue my work to aid in the rest of what is needed. I first need you to take me to where the ship is, I will aid Wren by adding my own design to the ship." Demi took his hand and they headed off to the machine center along with Wren. By the time they got to the ship, Wren was already hard at work with various machines who were aiding in the manner; a large crane system was operating on the hull of the ship. The ship was in better condition than Rune remembered it, the white ship that he rode on all that time between Motavia and Dezolis with his friends gave off such a brilliant luster that it was nearly blinding, the thrusters on the back were already modified for the new system that was recently developed: hyper-drives, a system that would allow star-faring ships to engage in speeds exceeding the speed of light to travel large distances that were previously never thought possible. Demi helped Rune onto the ship where she directs him to the bridge of the ship. Rune took Demi's arm off his shoulder and nodded at her, Demi's chest opened up and the same green light emitted from her chest and began to radiate on Rune.

"I shall put an incantation on this ship that will allow for a full restoration of a person's stamina and vitality, for whoever will use it; it is very similar to the same sigils we found during our travels together" Rune exclaimed. The very air around Rune seemed to dance up and down as his cloak and light blue hair started to float and undulate. He muttered various indescribable words that held a tremendous amount of power behind them. When his chant ended, he placed his staff on the ground and a sigil was etched into the floor. Immediately after, he collapsed on the floor on one knee while coughing up blood, Demi rushed over to help him back up.

"Rune, you aren't well, we should take you to the med-bay so that we can properly treat you" cried Demi, Rune just shook his head and exclaimed, "There isn't any time left for me, what I have to do now shall be the last thing that I will do." Demi helped him back off the ship and then he released her arm off of him again. "I must now do what my predecessor has done in the past, but I have figured out how to do it on a large scale" Rune said. He motioned to Demi again, this time; his staff starts to levitate in front of him. He whispered more words towards his staff and with a flash of light, several dozen staves appear in the air around his and around him, all different in shape, size, and form. "I will spread these across the universe, anyone who would be worthy to pick up my title and power shall be able to wield them, but only they will be able to do so" he declared. Wren exited the ship by this time and he walked towards the two of them, the drones were still hard at work on the ship. Amongst the cacophony of sound and light, the staffs disappeared into thin air, Rune collapsed once more, Wren and Demi rush to his side to help him.

"Is the system in place Wren?" asked Rune, Wren nods in reply. "How long until the ship will be ready?"

"It will be ready by tomorrow afternoon" Wren replied.

"Good, when it is ready, set it to these coordinates" Rune coughed, as he violently tries to grab a piece of paper out of his tunic, Demi grabs it for him and hands it to Wren. He endlessly and violently coughed more and more, he could no longer kneel and he fell flat on the ground on his back, his fit sustained until after a few minutes he ceased to draw breath. Demi turned to Wren and he in turn looked upon the ship. The following afternoon, the ship is sent out and it reached a velocity that causes it to dissipate amongst the stars. In an uncharted region of space, the ship reappears once more in front of a planet orbited by a single moon many years later; it slowly begins its descent towards the planet as the sun rises over the horizon between the moon and planet.

>