


Episode III: Crossroads of Fate


Chapter 4-12:



For a Brighter Day


Absolutely fuming, Quagmire stomped about the barracks in a tantrum. Uplifting the couch onto its back, smashing a few boxes of equipment and parts that were neatly stacked off their shelving, nothing was safe from his rage.

"Who the hell do they think they are?! Aaaaarrghh!" In his fit of rage, he feverishly scanned the room for the next suitable object he could either toss or maim when his eyes came across Alis who was endeavoring to hide herself, taking shelter behind the small stature of the ever-emotionless Frederick. Quagmire paused and his mind went blank, still hyperventilating. An epiphany had struck him in the form of Dustina's words. Considering the moral ambivalence of his current predicament, Quagmire decided that his best option able to seek further recourse and clarity through solace. Perhaps a mission that isn't pertaining to anything in general could help take his thoughts away from recent events. Moving towards the visiphone, he dialed in for her.

"Hey Quagmire, what's up?" she said as her face popped up on the monitor.

"…Hey Dustina…Is that offer to help…you…with a mission still open?"

"Absolutely. I was actually just getting ready to go on one right now. I'm heading to Neudaiz to meet a buddy in the MDF. We were going to run a routine Tengohg culling. Want to come along?"

"Sure! I'll meet you at the Neudaiz Guardians Branch. I'll take the next…flight out."

"Alright. See you then." As the visiphone went dark, the momentary lapse of diversion had subsided; he regressed back into his enraged state. Aspiring to calm himself, just before he reached out to fling yet another object, he grumbled with fervent passion as he instead went to grab his helmet. After tidying up the monstrous mess that he had created, he huffed over to the PPT Spaceport. Comfortably in his seat on the shuttle, a bizarre and antagonistic turbulence bombarded his flyer, chasing him all the way to Neudaiz. The tremors that rocked the ship ceased as he slipped through a wall of lightning and thunder that hung over his descent upon Ohtoku City. Emerging onto the city streets, he scanned the darkened skyline for any signs of what could have caused the harrowing activity whilst he was airborne. Swirling in a violent fashion, the clouds billowed over the entire city, succeeding in masking Mt. Ohtoku in the process. Dismissing the incident as a random coincidence, he made his way to the Guardians Branch to meet up with his ally. Just inside, Quagmire noticed that Dustina was passing the time having an idle chat with a white-haired Human dressed in a grey coat near the back of the main lobby near a set of orange couches. The man was standing a bit shorter than Dustina with his hands on his hips. Something must have amused him as he held his head back and laughed. His long and bright locks that covered the side of his face had lurched backwards revealing a small scar that spanned across the left side, lapping over his red eye. They had noticed that Quagmire had arrived and stopped talking and turned towards him. Despite his experienced countenance, the man had an air of magnanimous amicability about him.

"Hey there bro!" the man bellowed. "You must be Quagmire! We were just talking about you!" He thrust his hand towards Quagmire. "You can call me DF; pleased to meet ya'!" A bit taken back, Quagmire reluctantly returned the gesture with his own hand.

"Don't worry about it Quagmire; DF here is this friendly with everyone" Dustina chuckled.

"…Oh…Sorry. Hello DF. Yes, I am Quagmire."

"Ready to get going bro? Time's a-wasting!"

"Sure…Let's go then."

"The mission we are going on has been upgraded."

"Huh?"

"He means that the mission is going to be a bit tougher than I originally said. Lately, a group of villages that outline the edge of the Mizuraki Conversation District have been under attack by Tengohgs. However, a few villagers have spotted an Onmagoug flying with them, which is most likely the cause for the continuous Tengohg attacks. We're charged with taking them all down" Dustina explained. "The location isn't very far from here, just a few minutes by flyer. C'mon, let's go." Just as soon as they departed, the skies opened up and a downpour pelted the flyer with heavy timbre. Through the warped undulation of water that barraged the viewing window, Quagmire managed to make out the scattered settlements that surrounded their destination.

"…Why…Do people live out here if it is so…dangerous? I thought Tengohgs…are known to habit the…area around Mizuraki. Why not just… live in the city?" Quagmire asked.

"People of faith frequent here because of some holy sites. Being that the place we are going is on the Agata Islands, it's close to holy ground. Farmers stake a claim here as well. The rest of them actually maintain the conservation district. That's why the reports come in on a regular basis to cull the Tengohgs when they get out of hand" DF replied. The exit ramp had dropped and now the three of them had nothing to shield themselves from the torrential inundation other than the clothes off their backs, or armor in Quagmire's case. "All the reports say that the biggest congregations are a few miles northeast of here. Are you guys psyched?!"

"I'll let know you when we find the Onmagoug" Dustina remarked. The warm and soothing rain brought periodic, aromatic wafts that drifted through the deluge, hinting of fresh foliage. The smell was quite pleasing to Quagmire, coupled with the hammering of water droplets, his worries and thoughts were drowned out in environmental euphoria. Opening his eyes, he noticed that Dustina and DF had taken out their weapons. Panicked in his brief lapse of focus, he looked towards the sky and about frantically, brandishing his double saber. "Relax. We're just taking 'em out in advance, no need to get freaked out, Quagmire."

"…S-Sorry."

"You're very nervous. What's the deal?"

"…I…Uhh…Uhh…I'm sorry?" Dustina stole a look at DF who returned her gaze with an equally puzzled expression.

"What do I say here?" Dustina whispered to DF, her back to Quagmire.

"I dunno; you know the guy more than I do."

"So…What division did you say you were from?"

"…I…don't think I did…I'm from the…Intelligence Division" Quagmire muttered.

"I see... Is it that confidentiality agreement that makes you so nervous?"

"Not…really."

"So, it must be that guy from last time."

"Guy? You met another person at the same time?" DF interjected.

"No, Quagmire here was hunting somebody when I met him. I decided to help him out with that after he helped me with my hunt. Quagmire showed up out of nowhere and killed the monster and then disappeared just as quickly. Say, who was that guy actually? Or, you can't say because it is work related from the Intelligence Division?"

"No…I…Umm…"

[I wanted to do this to forget about all that…This isn't working… Should I just tell them?]

"Well, this is awkward…" DF mumbled.

"Oh, sorry…I got lost…in thought again…No…He isn't related to my work…That man…He goes by the alias "Z"."

"Z"? Like the insanely powerful psychopath vigilante "Z"?!"

"Yes, that is the one."

"I've heard of him as well" Dustina added.

"Why the heck are you picking a fight with Z?!" DF cried.

"I…"

[I guess I might as well tell them…What's the worst that could happen?]

"He has caused me…pain…He has put me through much hardship…But most importantly…he has my friend captive…"

"Oh, whoa, that's heavy. Sounds like you got a lot on your chest. Well, we won't judge ya'. If you want to tell us more about it, we are all ears. It's cool if you don't want to. Sounds like a really tough topic, judging from your voice."

"…No, it's fine…Thank you…There…are other things that are bothering me…But that would involve the confidentiality agreement…"

"Take your time."

"…Okay…So…my friend…Elizabeth…She was the one who got me to join the Guardians… But Z…He would keep harassing me over and over…I've known him…for a long time. During a mission…we got separated… But…Headmaster Nav told me that it was pointless to keep searching for her…after a month had passed. Recently, I got a new partner…"

"Oh, hold that thought. Here comes a few 'gohgs." Three of the winged devils had crashed through the tree line, their talons aimed straight for them. The first clasped onto DF's sword and the second landed in front of Dustina in a whirlwind of fire and leaves. Quagmire stepped to the side as the third took issue with him. Flinging its wings up and down, it stomped towards him and threw itself at Quagmire, knocking him a bit back. Relapsing back into his immense enraged, he screamed as he viciously slashed left and right, ripping its right wing off its body in a sea of blood and gore. DF and Dustina had finished off their rivals and now watched as Quagmire continued to lay into the lifeless corpse over and over again. If not for the rain, Quagmire's golden and blue exterior would have been stained a dark crimson. Mistaking the light blue aura for lightning from the sky, the two moved away from the trees and closer to Quagmire inadvertently.

"Quagmire!" Dustina shouted over his incessant screaming. Shocked to his senses, the cyanic crackling dissipated and his shouting subsided.

"…I'm sorry…"

"Remind me not to get on your bad side" DF mousily commented. "Please, continue."

"…Oh, right…Uhh…Oh yeah! I was assigned a new partner Vivienne! But she…She…"

"She what?"

"…She was kidnapped…"

"By Z too?"

"No…By…someone else…We found out together that Z had taken Elizabeth captive…We found that out from Elizabeth's thought-to-be dead brother…"

"That's quite a tale. You must want to save both of them, I can tell."

"Yes…But…I don't know how…I don't know how to save Vivienne…I don't even know where to start to look…or if I should…"

"Why shouldn't you?" Quagmire remained silent.

"Let me guess, the confidentiality agreement?" Dustina inquired. Quagmire solemnly nodded. "I'm sure that an opportunity will present itself. You have to just keep going at it, no matter what. Never give up. That's what I would do. I mean, that's what you did with Elizabeth, from the sounds of it."

"…Yeah…You're right. I have to keep going!" Quagmire cried excitedly.

"That's the spirit!" DF roared. "Now let's ride this wave on to victory! Look what I see!" He pointed to the upwards where the big boss soared overhead, landing in a clearing northwest of their current position. "Let's do this!" Having familiarized himself with this beast before, Quagmire took out his handguns as DF took out a pair of mech guns. Dustina, having no ranged weaponry, kept her sword at the ready. Four Tengohgs had circled around their master, squawking and hopping about around what looked like a hapless villager. The two of them opened fire on the head honcho while Dustina strafed through the common fodder, felling each one with a single strike each. In a furious, retaliatory backhanded strike, DF had his guns wrested from his grip. Quagmire had observed how their recoil with a few test shots after taking them from the ground before then tearing a giant, bloody gap in its left wing with a hail of bullets. Frightened, the beast picked itself up off the ground and cumbersomely waddled out of the area and further into the wetlands. Quagmire tossed DF's guns back to him as they gave chase. It soon ran out of places to flee to. A cave that was too small for it to enter stood to its left and a giant lake lay to its right to head towards. Out of remaining options, it turned to fight once more. Flailing its massive arms hopelessly, the intrepid trio sidestepped each swing adroitly, returning with a fatal blow of their own. Pulling his saber from its face, Quagmire breathed a sigh of relief and looked around to see if there were any straggling Tengohg. All exhilaration he had become acclimated with again fast-turned to panic as gaze met with the cave. His heart ceased to beat and his throat closed up. His eyes couldn't be deceiving him, there was no mistake on what figure had emerged from the cavern's mouth.

"Elizabeth?!" he yelled and waved. The woman turned to watch and then started to move back towards the cave. Hysterically, he bolted away from Dustina and DF before they could even react. "Elizabeth!" He was so close now! Now standing where she once stood, her scent still lingered in the air, filling Quagmire with a sense of familiar serenity, the same feeling one would get from sitting down in your favorite chair, surrounded by those you love after a long day's work. Just a few more steps and she would be within his grasp. This was it! But a thought dawned on him. Why would she be running? Why didn't she reply to his calls? His sublime bliss began to fade as suspicion and doubt grew inside his mind, and for good reason. As she reached the mouth, she fell inside, her visage being completely swallowed up by darkness. Then, as if on cue, the devil himself appeared.

[Z! Why couldn't I see this coming?! Damn it!]

"I demand that you free Elizabeth at once!"

"Else suffer what consequence?" Z chortled.

"…You'll…be arrested for your crimes!" He boisterously laughed as he threw his head back.

"You think I care about penance for my crimes? What the hell is this now? You think yourself an arbiter of justice now? Is that what the Guardians taught you? Or is this just some fanciful rumination you've got from lessons with your new girlfriend, the Illuminus spybot?"

"You shut your disgusting mouth! You…know nothing about Vivienne! She's a good person!" DF and Dustina had just arrived and were shocked to see that the topic of their previous conversation had moved into the current affairs department.

"You will have to make me. You are too blind to understand anything, regardless of how big or small the concept. Each time we meet, you seem to cling on to some new ideal as if you don't even know what your real morals are. You're nothing but a confused child." Quagmire's arms twitched, tense with fury as he tightened his grip around his saber. Screaming, he held his saber above his head as he charged forth. The man raised the sheath of his sword and blocked the blow as two mirror images of himself cleft the saber from his hands and then struck Quagmire into the ground. He removed the hood from his helmet and lowered down to Quagmire's face. "Nothing but a child" he whispered as he then kicked him a few feet away. His compatriots had seen enough and moved into assist. Z looked up and then raised his arm, and with one stroke, a wall of fire impeded their advance. "This fight is just between the two of us. No one shall intervene. He doesn't seem like he is ready to learn to rely on others just yet." Seething with anger, rising voltage cackled around him as Quagmire stood up and took his double saber out and readied himself. "Why do you wish to fight? What tells you to combat me?"

"Monsters like you…need to be stopped!"

"Wrong." Quagmire lunged at him only to be swiftly dodged, the butt of the sheath introduced to the back of his head, slammed into the ground once more. "Your sense of justice is nothing more than a guise for your otherwise petty vengeance. A child acting out because they didn't get what they wanted. In a past life, I may have thought like you do now."

"Shut up!" Quagmire dove at him once more; evaded and sent spiraling to mud again. As he struggled to stand, he could barely see through all the dirt and grass that now caked his helmet, despite the rain.

"Fine! If my rhetoric cannot persuade you, perhaps my actions will!" The man clutched the hem of his cloak and discarded it to the side, revealing a dangerous cutlery of seven other swords that were fashioned to him via a series of large belts. "Unlike you, I've never overestimated my abilities! I knew that if something might have been out of my reach, I could leave my trust in my companions to help me get there!" He placed his current weapon on his back and tightly grasped two others in each hand. "I will show you the error of your ways through the strength behind a true and just cause!" He unsheathed them, brandishing them at Quagmire as he made a mad-dash straight for him. "Tremble in awe at my unrivaled might! The might of those who have fallen and those who still to aid me!" Panicked, Quagmire held his double saber up to block each of Z's attacks. Each blow was beyond his capabilities to riposte; staggering him on to his knees. A single kick removed the last bastion of Quagmire's bladed defense from Z's onslaught. As his legs started to give way, one of the blades met with Quagmires abdomen. Fantastic pain caused him to squeal as the cut had made it through his armor and into his few internal organs that he had. Wrath swiftly replacing his agony, he swatted away Z's fist before another slash could hit its mark. Hopping back, his next attempt would be to bring him down from a distance as he took both firearms in hand. Before he could even fire a shot, the man tossed the sword in his right hand up into the air, and in the same motion, unholstered his pistol from his hip, loosing six bullets in the blink of an eye. Each bullet hit Quagmire's handguns, sending them out of immediate reach. His options were thinning. Returning to hand-to-hand combat, Quagmire now wielded his knuckles as his last resort to try and overpower him. Z fetched his katana from the air and plunged it into Quagmire's abdomen again. Quagmire blocked the next blow with his left arm, a meager triumph that was mitigated by a series of three to four punches to the face. He screamed, wildly throwing his fists at his opponent, succeeding to strike nothing but air and water. The whizzing sparks crackled in the air and eventually met a solid object, Z's bracer. Still maintaining more than ample strength, Z continued to repudiate his existence time and time again. Before he could react, Quagmire was blown away entirely by a sudden explosion at his feet. His eyes strafed left and right in a daze; a blight on his sight obscured his ability to discern where his foe had gone. Tremendous anguish washed over his spine as another blade was buried into him. The sword was removed and Z's foot was smashed into Quagmire's back as he rolled towards the cave.

[This…isn't…good. I think…I'm going to pass out soon… I got to get Elizabeth…and run!]

Mustering his last vestiges of strength, Quagmire bolted. Elizabeth had been watching the brawl in horror, unable to assist or move. As his arm desperately outstretched, begging for help; she shrieked when his fingers managed to grasp the ends of her scarf. A metal tip pierced through his chest with such a force that it showered her with a thick and gooey crimson mist. His final fruitless endeavor finished, Z unsheathed the blade from his living scabbard, placing it back in its original sheath. Taking the remaining blade, he hammered the pommel into Quagmire's head; leaving him both bereft of his helmet and Elizabeth's presence, save from the scarf that he wrenched from her neck as he flew. Hapless, he clawed into at the dirt to inch towards Z, glaring with intent to kill. Realizing the futility of pressing the matter, Z placed his sword through Quagmire's hand, locking him into the ground. Resting his hands on the hilt, he sighed and crouched down towards his beaten foe.

"I will ask you again. Why do you choose to fight? Why did you not just simply run away and live the rest of your day in a false sense of security? It would seem you still have no grasp of who you are, what you must do, and how you can achieve it."

"…You're….wrong…"

"…This is pointless. You are clearly no match for me. It's hopeless trying to rescue Elizabeth."

"I…Must…Continue…for…ev-…ev-…"

"Oh?" Quagmire remained silent. The lack of response seemed to irritate Z. "Well?! Why? Why do you persist? What drives you?!" Quagmire did nothing more than intensely glower. His eye lids started to drop as his gaze fell to Elizabeth's who was staring a back at him from the mud. Not soon afterwards, his eyes went dark. "Hmph. You are still not ready…" Retrieving his blade, Z wiped the blood off and then sheathed it before he moved over towards Quagmire's discarded helmet as he held it close and peered inside. "This mask…It's nothing more than a shield to hide behind so that you don't let others know of your true feelings. Fear. Fear of not being accepted by others. Fear of being treated as a monster. Something that I am well aware of and can sympathize with No different than what I am now… But I know that nothing can shield you from it. It's time to man up and meet your problems head-on. You can get it back when you grow up." As he disappeared within the cavern, so too, did the wall of fire.

"Holy crap! Quagmire!" DF shouted as he and Dustina rushed over.

"This is Dustina from the MDF; we have wounded coming back in!" Dustina yelled over her communications line back to the branch in Ohtoku. While DF struggled to pick up Quagmire from his shoulders, Dustina took Quagmire's limp form by the legs and then hoisted him over her shoulder as she trotted back to the previous clearing where a G-Flyer had begun its descent.

A small light had erupted in the palm of Z's hand, guiding him and his delirious captive through the darkness. While she feverishly rubbed her neck with one hand where her scarf had strangulated her, she was hurriedly using the other to wipe away the downpour of tears. "Enough! You knew this would happen eventually!" he boomed, as he grew tired of her incessant blubbering.

"You r-really hurt him! He wasn't moving after that!" she cried.

"I did what I thought was necessary."

"He could be dead! You k-k-killed him!" she wailed, falling to her knees as she sobbed. "…I c-can…s-still taste his blood…" She choked and dropped down into a fetal position as she tried to scrape away the mucilage off of her tongue. Impatient, he seized Elizabeth and placed her on his back. Overcome with rage and sorrow, she kicked and smacked on his back in a futile effort to free herself from his clutches.

"Unlikely. Knowing him, he'll be back on his feet and back for more in no time…I think I've just about reached the tipping point..." Ceasing to flail further, her moaning diminished to quiet whimper. "Ca-C-Can you let me d-down…I'll…behave."

"As you wish."

"…Are…Are you s-sure you didn't kill him?"

"Positive."

"How c-can you tell?!"

"Calm down! I didn't strike any vital points. Besides, it's in the Guardians playbook to take any wounded back to the nearest medical center if the task at hand was finished. The two he was with were dutiful members of the Mobile Defense Force and they will do exactly just that." There was a brief pause in their intermittently silent trip back. Out of nowhere, Elizabeth tripped over her own feet again. Bracing for impact, she was surprised to see that she was caught before a rock could take its mark. "…I appreciate that you did precisely what I asked you do, by the way."

"And I feel absolutely vile being a part of any of your s-schemes…What choice d-did I have otherwise? Your ma-muh-methods are insane…"

"You could have said no. I can't force you to do something that you truly don't want to do. But you have faith in Quagmire that he would understand what I'm trying to force him to understand is for his own betterment."

"No! T-that isn't true! I d-do have faith in Quagmire…It's you I don't have faith in! Why can't…you just let me…teach…M-maybe I could have him learn what you need to…If you'd j-just let me…"

"No. Even with all of your wisdom, you fail to understand what Quagmire is or what I'm trying to accomplish."

"…I...I...This is about the Evolutionary Emotion Device in him…I know it…I c-couldn't understand it…the data was h-heavily encrypted…I bet if I could perform another scan I could find what you want from it!"

"That won't be necessary. I'm more than familiar with that device. Listen, you did all of this despite knowing that what just transpired could have happened. All for the sake of this to end…I promise you that this all has a purpose...And its point will become absolutely clear…I can assure you, the next time will be the last." Elizabeth crossed her arms and pouted, still sniffling. "Please, Elizabeth, bear with me just a little longer…I know you have been still plotting to leave…I must seem like a madman with no hope for sanity." Her eyes lit up and her hands fell to her sides.

"…Okay…But only if you are absolutely mean it that the next time…you have to fight Quagmire…will be the absolute last! N-not just Quagmire, all of the fighting!"

"…Cross my heart and hope to die. Thank you. Now, we have got to hurry. More Guardians are sure to arrive and we'll need to find a locale for the final showdown."

A stretcher armed to the teeth with monitors, IV lines and hands guiding the rails sped down the hall in the direction that sign pointed with an icon of an elevator; DF and Dustina not far behind. Pristine white sheets covered the bedframe as the rubicund life began to seep out of him, drenching the innocent fabric. A set of four elevators waited in the end of the hallway next to a vending machine. Once one of the doors opened and the crew rushed Quagmire inside. One of the transporters empathically motioned for the two to join them as they went up to the fourteenth floor. A sign labeled "Operation Room" emblazoned the wall parallel to the shaft was the first thing they saw as the doors opened again. A surgeon came out of the operating room's doors and watched as the team whisked Quagmire away. An older looking Newman, his back was hunched and he moved about holding an emotionless arrogance around himself. "How are you two related to the patient?" he muttered.

"We were in the same party together" Dustina answered.

"Ah. What transpired? It looks like he was stabbed multiple times along with quite a few cases of severe blunt force trauma."

"He was attacked…by a sword wielding CAST" DF explained.

"How unusual. His injuries won't be anything I shouldn't be able to fix. Rest assured, he will be up and running in a few days."

"You make it sound like he is just some sort of machine."

"What? Oh, think nothing of it. I'm needed in the OR now, please, I ask that you two wait into the waiting room just down the hall to the left." Their mouths felt vivid disdain just by conversing with the man as he left. With reluctant obedience, they retreated to the easy chairs of the waiting area, turning their attention to TV where a report had already come out marking Z's latest escapade." The hermitic Newman had finished scrubbing, donning a pair of surgical gloves as he entered the third operation room on the left where Quagmire lay on a table adjacent to two large robotic arms and three assistants. "Let's get to work ladies." Blood-soaked pieces of damaged armor were removed by the robotic arms, allowing the assistants access to his inner skin that was ruptured and torn. A puzzled look ran across the chief surgeon's face as he stared at naked body. "How curious, this CAST's anatomy is quite old. I haven't seen this kind of lack of standardized structure since that rebellion following the Tripartite Alliance Treaty. It's almost as if this CAST predates the 500 Years War. What a fascinating specimen."

"Help me…" a voice rang. Alarmed, Quagmire stood up. Frigid darkness had surrounded him. His feet met with solid ground that had no form nor produced any noise as he moved forward. He put his hand in front of his face but he couldn't manage to see it, along with anything else for that matter. "Help me Quagmire…" the voice called out once more. Cautious and perturbed, he advanced towards the fragile cry for help. A pale and phantasmal light faintly glowed over the horizon; an invitation of solace with its warmth. Picking up his pace, the light grew in luminosity and temperature, changing color as he got closer. Now bright enough that he could see his feet when he looked down, he realized that something soft was in his hand. Peering into his tightly closed fist revealed a violet scrap of cloth, soaked with blood. "…Why won't you help me Quagmire?" Looking up, he saw Elizabeth, seemingly floating in midair. The fire had vanished when a sudden towering inferno had encircled him in its stead. Droplets of blood were coming from Elizabeth's chest near a twinkling tip. A sword had pierced her breast! His legs stopped working as he lifted his arm to try and help her. The flames crept closer and closer towards her until they lashed at her feet. Within an instant her entire body was engulfed in a burst of conflagration and within the next instance, there was nothing more than ash. Z had appeared, holding the sword.

"WEAK. VERY WEAK"

A sharp pain had protruded his back and the irritating buzz from a drill had pounded on his ears. As he opened his eyes, he was overwhelmed by synthetic machines and members of the Illuminus. "Give me back Elizabeth!" His arms flailed and grasped for anything he could get his hands on. Fumbling about, his hand found favor on the squishy cords of someone's throat which he brought his other hand to assist. Lightning sparked and lapped around the room, overloading the robots next to him as his vision continued to blur. The doors in the back of the room flung open as two people emerged inside.

"Quagmire! Stop!" one of them cried as she rushed over and grasped his wrists. "Let him go! They are trying to help you!" she cried once more. Intense pain throbbed the back of his head as thoughts came flooding into his mind. Something subconscious was trying to make him remember what was happening.

[I had just finished fighting with Z and there was no one else there but him…No…Wait…There was Elizabeth…She was okay! Scared, but okay! But…What…No there were two others with me, DF and Dustina. That's right. Something had happened…I…lost…again…That must mean…]

Having finally come to his senses and the rage subsiding, Quagmire's vision had returned to him. Horrified, he immediately released his grip from the old Newman's neck before he did any more damage.

"…I'm sorry….I'm sorry…I'm sorry…I'm sorry…I'm sorry…"

"Quagmire, stop. It's okay. Just relax, they were almost done patching you up. Just go back to sleep and let them finish" Dustina hushed.

"…O…kay…" Quagmire coughed before drifting back into unconsciousness. As he awoke, he was laying down in a new environment. A warm blanket had covered him up to his neck as a gentle breeze blew in from the window to his right. A long pole holding a large bag was next to the window that fed a wire leading to Quagmire's neck. His eyes moved back to the window where he noticed a drawer was placed adjacent to his bedside. On to top of the drawer was Elizabeth's scarf. Instinctively, he reached for it, wanting to hold it close to his heart.

"Oh, good you're awake" a woman's voice spoke. Quagmire shifted to his left to see Dustina sitting in a chair by the door. "That was some fight you had there. That was pretty dangerous Quagmire. You should have waited for us."

"…Yes…I should have…Elizabeth warned me…That stuff like this would happen…if I kept running off by myself…I should have thought ahead and let you help me…"

"DF was really mad the way the doctor treated you and after seeing what happened back on Agata, he started looking around to get any info on Z. I stayed behind to make sure you didn't do anything stupid again. The docs said you'll be able to leave in a few hours. Do me a favor will you?"

"…What?"

"Don't go after Z until we are there to help you. We want to see that bastard pay just as much as you do now. But you won't be able to do it without us."

"You got it. I'm going to let Lutz know…that we are going to plan to corner him together…"

"Who's Lutz?"

"Elizabeth's brother…He's been…chasing Z too…"

"Alright. Good to know we'll have a small army going after him. I'm gonna get going. I'll let you know if I see him. I gave DF your partner card so he can do the same. Let's defeat it this time. Together!"

"Yes!" After receiving his discharge papers, Quagmire took a flight back to Parum to try and get some rest back at Elizabeth's barracks. Frederick was tidying up some odds and ends that Quagmire must have missed when he arrived.

"Ah, Master Quagmire, welcome back. You've been gone for quite a while. Is everything alright?"

"…Yeah…I'm…going to head to bed." Entering Elizabeth's bedroom, he leaned on his usual spot on the wall and slowly slunk down off of his feet, shutting his eyes. An eerie draft made the hairs on his head stand on end. Placing his hand on his helmet, he missed and his fingers ran through his hair instead. Sighing, he opened his other hand to gaze into the balled up scarf that he hid from Alis and Frederick. A few tears started to form around his eyes when a sharp ringing came from outside the room.

"It's the Headmaster, sir! Quite urgent! Wake up, quickly!" Frederick yelled from the other room. Quagmire sprang to his feet and rushed towards the work room to answer the visiphone.

"Quagmire, you are needed here right now. The President requested that you appear personally. Don't dawdle!" Nav demanded before hanging up. Exhausted but duty-bound, Quagmire took the next available flight to Clyez City. When he entered the conference room, Nav was waiting for him alongside the President. Also in present company was an old man he thought he recognized who was standing aside Lou.

"Thank you for coming on such short notice everyone. I have to inform you of the bad news. The situation has taken the turn for the worse. It would seem that threat of the remnant SEED has extended past the reaches of the three planets. I'll allow Professor Tomrain to explain further on the matter" the President dictated.

"As you are all well aware, the SEED emit a specific A-Photon signature as well as turning native creatures into living A-Photon factories. By tracing this energy signature from the remnant SEED you have been dealing with, I have located a resonating signature just outside the reaches of the planets, in a remote area in the void of space. The source of the signal is a satellite that is heavily infected with the SEED. I have determined that this is another HIVE" Dr. Tomrain explained.

"HIVE?" Quagmire asked.

"A HIVE is a satellite or small colony that has been infected by the SEED. It pulsates as if it was a type of life-form. The HIVE itself can be considered a living base that churns out more SEED constantly" Dallgun said.

"…You mean…like the one that was on the news awhile back?"

"Yes. Thankfully though, the HIVE we have discovered has not yet fully formed and it has not developed self-defense capabilities like the one you just mentioned, Quagmire" Nav answered. "If we were to go now, it could be infiltrated without issue."

"Quagmire, I called you here because I want you to be the first one to carry out an investigation. Your work with us on the remnant SEED has be exemplary. I can't think of a better candidate right now to send" the President extolled.

"After you gain enough essential data on the HIVE, the Guardians and the AMF will destroy it. Lou will assist you in data acquisition on-site and you will provide physical assistance. Does this sound alright with the two of you?" Nav inquired.

"Yes."

"Lou? …Lou?" Lou started to shake and glow with light as the Nano Transformer she had emitted an intense heat. And then, like magic, Lou somehow metamorphosized into Vivienne. "My word…Personal CAST hacking is only supposed to be a theory…I didn't think it was remotely possible." A smile crept its way across Quagmire's face until it boldly stood from ear to ear.

"You must come quickly to the HIVE!" Vivienne shouted. "Helga has taken over the HIVE and plans to unleash all the SEED that were contained in during the Unification Point! Please! Hur-"

Nav removed his hand from the back of Lou's neck, apparently rending her unconscious. "I'm going to make sure that the other Lou units haven't received any form of data breach" he said with a gruff and husky sigh. "What do you think about this Obel?"

"What are you doing?!" Quagmire screamed.

"Quagmire, please calm down" the President said. "This could be a trap. This new development just made infiltration all the more dangerous. We should seek council with the Alliance Military on the next best course of action."

"Now, Quagmire, I'm going to need you to stay put and nearby until we figure out what is happening here" Nav ordered.

"What?! You just heard…Vivienne, didn't you? Helga is going to unleash everything…that we fought to stop! And…Vivienne has to be there!"

"No, you are to wait. That's an order!"

"No! I will not!" Infuriated, Quagmire stormed out of the conference room and down the ramp to the fourth floor. Violently pacing the streets of Clyez City, he peered into his own mind on how to get to the HIVE, regardless of his superiors' delegation. With each possibility he thought of came to an inevitable conclusion of failure, flaring his rage even more.

"Umm…Quagmire?"

Turning around, he saw that Lou was standing behind him amidst the bustling crowd of the shopping district. Perplexed, he stared at her with intense concentration. "…Vivienne?"

"You can tell! Yes! It's me!"

"…How…are you doing that?"

"Doing what? Oh you mean taking over Lou?"

"Yes! …Am I able to do it?"

"I'm not really sure…I think I somehow must have resonated with same frequency that Lou uses to emit data to other Lou units…I just really wanted to be able to talk to someone…"

"…Are you in…the HIVE?"

"Yes. I need you to come here! Helga will destroy all of Gurhal if you don't!"

"I don't doubt you…but…I don't have any means to get there…"

"Oh…Right. We couldn't really go around asking the AMF or the Guardians to do that. We couldn't really board a flight from the PPT to get there either…Asking the general public would also probably be a bad idea."

"…Yeah…I couldn't think of anything either…Oh! Wait! Maybe we can ask Isaac?"

"Isaac? Oh you mean Elizabeth's brother…That's right! Maybe he can get Tylor to take us there with his ship! Can you contact him?"

"…No. But we can most likely find…him on Moatoob…Let's go!"

Arriving in Dagora City and unsure of where to go, they decided the best place to start would be a bar. After questioning a few locals, the most famous and notable bar seemed to be a place called "Gawik's Pub" which was located not far from the Guardians Branch. Serendipitously, as they entered the establishment, sitting at the bar counter was Tylor, Isaac sitting at the table adjacent to him with the Vol Brothers, chowing down on some sort of drumstick in a voracious fashion, pausing occasionally to chug his alcoholic beverage with gusto. Elated, Quagmire rushed over to Isaac, much to the bartender's surprise.

"Hey, you can't just go over there and bother them! There are a few open tables next to them!" the man proclaimed. Alerted by the ruckus, Isaac looked up.

"Hey! Itash Quhoaguhmayruh!" Isaac coughed. "'Cuse me. 'Ey dere buddy! How are ya'? Wot brings ya' down ta dis neck of da woods? Did ya manage to find tat bastard Z?"

"…Yes. I did. But…I have a favor to ask you…Well…More so for Tylor…"

"Eh? Wot's dis about?"

"We need to use the Landeel to get to a HIVE!" Vivienne exclaimed.

"A HIVE? Well that's an unusual request" Tylor interjected. "This would be the second time I would have been asked this." He now turned around to face Vivienne. "…Is that Vivienne?"

"You can tell?"

"I'd recognize that lively, naïve gaze anywhere. What's the story here?"

"The woman from before, Helga; she plans to unleash all of the SEED confined during the Unification Point!"

"Well, that won't be any good for business. I'm not entirely sure, however…" Isaac stood up and nudged Tylor on the back of the neck, flicking his head up in a beckoning gesture. "…Well, I guess I do owe you guys for helping me clear her out of my turf. There is one problem though. The last time I went into a HIVE, I had a shield made by the Communion. I don't think we'll make it without something like that and I doubt the Communion will be willing to part with such a device again."

"That won't be necessary. This HIVE has yet to develop its self-defense capabilities."

"Well, that's convenient. It's settled then. We just finished stocking up. My ship is ready to leave as soon as you are. Once we get inside though, I won't be able to help you further. We'll have to defend your getaway vehicle, after all."

"That's fine. Let's go immediately!"

"Vol Brothers, let's move!"

"You got it boss!" they excited shouted in unison as they all went out to the Landeel, their next course: the future of Gurhal." They got up and Isaac grabbed his plate, stuffing his face with a few more wings before the group hurried towards the family's flagship. Their destination set, the Landeel rocketed off into the endless obscure chasm of deep space. Quagmire watched as the blue orb of Parum fast approached on the left before disappearing just as quickly, Neudaiz following suit from the right. Only the stars awaited them ahead. Glints of viridian blinked off some absconding starlight in the upcoming horizon. The glistening orb was none other than the object of malice and evil known as a HIVE. It was beyond any form of normal imagination; a far cry from what any satellite had looked like. Gigantic, neon-green bulbs formed the top half of what looked like a globular amalgamation of burgundy stalactites and stalagmites. Below the pustulous mass lied its ovular maw, eagerly waiting its prey to enter. True to Vivienne's plea, the HIVE appeared to be inactive as it did nothing to impede their approach. Unabated, the Landeel crashed into the satellite, landing inside a docking port of some manner. After creating their scattered entryway, the satellite had resealed the pressure barrier to keep breathable air inside. Coming to a halt, Tylor, Isaac, Vivienne and Quagmire had disembarked with the Vol Brothers at just at their rear.

"Alright then, best of luck" Tylor said.

"…You sure you can't….come with us to help stop her?" Quagmire asked.

"C'mon Quagmire; ya can't expect us ta leave da Landeel in da hands of dese idiots alone, can ya'?" Isaac scoffed. "Ya' got dis. We'll defend the ship while ya' do ya' ting. Gotta have an exit strategy, right?"

"I guess so."

"Relax, dis ain't mah first rodeo 'ere. You just make sure ya' come back ta us, ya' 'ear?"

"Right! Let's go Vivienne!"

Once leaving the sanctity of their ingress, a foul wind engulfed them. An immutable stench of death was heavy laden within the gust. The ethereal, blue walkway had a mucous-like tinge to it and was equally slimy to the touch. Pulsating and undulating, the walls moved as if they were alive, just as the president had described. And, much like a living organism, it would have an immune system to ward off intruders. Sensing a disturbance, the SEED had come down upon them. Bipedal sentries followed by the tiny scouts and lizard-like foot soldiers came at them en masse. Managing to give them the slip, Quagmire and Vivienne paused a ways ahead to take a breather.

"Say…where is your body? Your…real one."

"It shouldn't be much further ahead. It's shut down and being held by Helga…If we don't stop her here…this HIVE will become an impregnable fortress and countless SEED-forms will continue to be born here" she detailed.

"Stop. It won't come to that…We'll get her…I promise!" Quagmire said fervently, raising his flexed fist.

"…Right! Let's hurry!" Not even a second after she had finished uttering those words, the next wave of SEED were upon them. Determined, they cut each down with a furious pace and efficiency. Nothing was going to stop them, the fate of Gurhal rested on their shoulders. If it didn't end here and now, the inaction of the Guardians and the Alliance Military Force may very well cost everyone their lives. But, most importantly, he would have failed the one thing he held most dear. Elizabeth.

[If I can't save Vivienne…No…I will save her! I will save her! And Elizabeth! And all of Gurhal! …Is this…what Z was trying to find out? …What my true purpose was? The source of my determination? …Is this it? My will to protect and help others?]

"Quagmire, are you alright? You seem lost in thought?"

"What? …Oh, sorry, I was…Is something wrong?"

"Just up ahead is where I believe Helga's henchmen were posted. There aren't many but we can't afford to be spotted now, not when we are so close. Let's proceed with the utmost caution. No running ahead without me, okay?"

"I know…I must protect both you…AND myself…I…understand this now."

Just around the corridor was a vast chamber filled with all sorts of equipment and computer terminals that lined the back end; all encased within webbing that was covered in red, viscous ooze. Strewn about the floor were countless corpses of CASTs and Beasts, all sporting classic, makeshift Rogue attire. Their bodies were smashed to a pulp and covered in lacerations, their legs and arms unrecognizable from each other. A thick coat of blood encrusted the floor and their bodies, indicating they had been dead long before they got there. Series of repetitive, large thuds increased in proximity from their left as a fearsome giant entered. Bearing the body of a fierce animal and a top of a reaper, it made its entrance belching fire. With its scythed arms bared, it barreled towards Quagmire. Take his double saber in hand, Quagmire blocked the blade as Vivienne came from behind and opened fire while it was distracted. Enraged, it switched targets, swinging wildly as it trounced about. Seeing the effectiveness of the tactic, Quagmire and Vivienne took turns running and gunning until the hole-ridden monster could fight no longer. As it hit the floor, the black ooze that had encapsulated its form evaporated as the Human within had emerged, lifeless.

"…This is the result of her twisted experiments…More will suffer this poor man's fate if we don't stop ha…"

"Vivienne! We got this! No more doubt!"

"…You're right…I'm sorry…We can't worry now. I got to focus." Quagmire put his hand on her shoulder. "…Right. C'mon! My body is just up ahead! Let's get Helga!"

Vivienne's true body lay unconscious on the floor up just up ahead; Helga standing aside, expectantly.

"Well, well, well; look who showed up to crash my little party before I even got it started. You know, you have become quite a thorn in my side, boy…Not that it will matter for much longer" Helga sneered.

"Release Vivienne's body at once!"

"Haha! Or what? You gonna stop me? Not likely."

"Stop this Helga, why are you doing this?"

"The initial plan was to break the seal and unleash the HIVE that was sealed during the Unification Point. Turns out though, I didn't need to. Just like I could create the strains necessary to infect people, I was also able to make small-scale SEED that could infect this satellite, turning it into a HIVE. All for the will of my master…"

"So…Then what we actually thought to be remnant SEED were actually new SEED that were created by you, weren't they?" Vivienne said, but with a much more monotonous voice.

"Guilty as charged, hehehe." Vivienne's body twitched and slowly rose. "What?! You're supposed to be shut down, as per my orders!"

"No! I'm not yours to control!" Vivienne shouted.

"Lies! You're nothing but a Copy-CAST; a machine designed to simulation my appearance, thoughts and combat abilities. You hear that?! A machine, nothing more!"

"Enough" Lou said. "Helga Neumann, under the authority of the Guardians, I am placing you under arrest for crimes against humanity. And Vivienne, you will also be placed under arrest for grievous hacking crimes and for leaking classified information to the Illuminus."

"What? No, I would never!" Vivienne cried.

"You mean you didn't know? Hahahaha, you always were such a goody-goody. You had no idea that you were giving all the information we needed. You were placed in the Guardians as our spy."

"You're wrong! You're lying!"

"Face it! You're nothing but a machine! And you are under my control! Now! Vivienne! Attack the Guardians!" Helga moved to the back of the room as Vivienne's eyes lost any light of life in them. Without further hesitation, she pulled out a pair of handguns and opened fire at Quagmire.

"Stop! Vivienne! It's me! …You aren't a puppet! You aren't a machine! You're like me! …You're a person!" His words seemed to fall on deaf ears as she skated towards them without emotion, laying a few slashes into Quagmire's chest. Unnerved, he winced in pain, conflicted on how to proceed. A rifle sounded off as Vivienne was struck on her hip. She appeared to be stunned rather than in pain. It would seem that Lou's heartless words were merely a façade. Seizing this new opportunity, Quagmire positioned himself behind Vivienne and locked her arms in a grapple. "Fight it! …You have the will to break free! …I've seen it!" Vivienne stomped on Quagmire's feet and smashed his face with the back of her head. "I know you wouldn't do any wrong! …You're too kind and pure…I know you're innocent! …Even if no one else thinks so! …Just like you didn't even think about whether or not I'm scary…Everyone usually thinks I talk funny…or that I'm…too intimidating…You approached me…like I was any other normal person…There is no way someone like that could only be a machine!" Vivienne seemed to stop struggling against Quagmire's hold and went limp.

"…Thank you…" she whispered.

"…I knew you could do it…"

"What?! How is this possible?" Helga screamed. Infuriated, she stormed off further into the HIVE; huge tremors rocking the entire satellite marked her egress.

"Are you okay?" Quagmire asked.

"Yes, I'm ready. I didn't hurt you, did I?"

"Nothing that…a Dimate couldn't fix. Let's get after her!"

"That won't be necessary" Lou said. "Everything that has transpired has been relayed back to headquarters. An Alliance fleet is en route to destroy the HIVE, with or without Helga in it."

"No, you don't understand!"

"No. I am completely certain on the situation. This is not a formal notification. My jurisdiction is still in effect. You are still under arrest. Need I remind you, you will be tried not as a CAST, but as a machine. Being a mechanical imitation, the punishment will most likely be disassembly. As for you Quagmire, you will also be receiving punishment for disobeying direct orders from your superiors. We are to leave at once."

"No! This is outrageous!" Quagmire exploded.

"…Fine, I will accept my punishment" Vivienne murmured.

"What?!"

"But, this doesn't change anything! We have to chase after Helga! If we don't stop her, right here and now, she will release all of the confined SEED! Those tremors we just felt are proof that the HIVE is preparing to do just that! If we don't go now, that fleet won't even make it to the HIVE before being completely wiped out!"

"…I see." She seemed to be lost in thought for a moment as Vivienne and Quagmire quickly stole panicked expressions to each other. "…I have updated HQ about the new plan. We will pursue Helga."

"Oh, thank you Lou! Now, we have to hurry!" Helga was waiting for them inside the A-Photon Reactor Room that lay in the very heart of the satellite. Looming above them, just on top of the reactor, was a humongous and ominous purple eye. Its piercing gaze reached out from beyond some infinite void, almost as if it wanted to draw everything inside it. Within the pupil was an indiscernible, circular object that slowly gyrated. "We have to shut down the reactor in order to stop the fuel source for the HIVE!"

"What makes you think I'll let you do that?" Helga uttered. "All of you foolish races will crumble and Gurhal will fall into the void by the hand of the Illuminus!" Helga's hair turned a violent shade of crimson as her body grew in size. Her hair turned into bladed tendrils that lashed out at the ground. With a sinister laugh, two thin-framed SEED-forms emerged from thin air, each with a sword for a right arm and a shield-like claw for their left. Quagmire took one of her goons while Lou took the other. Their spindly form did well to belie their true strength as he struggled to shrug off their fierce blows. Locked in a frantic deadlock, he turned to see Helga and Vivienne trading slices, fighting tooth and nail. Vivienne managed to sever one of her tentacles off as another tore a gash in her left leg. Enraged, a sudden burst of strength welled up inside Quagmire. A bolt of lightning lunged out of Quagmire, stunning the SEED as he then pushed it off him and cleaved it in two with a single slice. Noticing the change in the tides, the other removed its occupancy with Lou and went after Quagmire. Its folly was paid for dearly as it too, was cleft in twain. Taking out his knuckles, Quagmire batted away what would have been a fatal blow to Vivienne. Gathering her second wind, she stood up and joined Quagmire's assault. Dancing through the dark Techniques that were loosed off left and right, Quagmire and Vivienne's double sabers met inside Helga's stomach. "Fools!" With a flick of her hair, she swatted Quagmire and Vivienne away. Undaunted, Vivienne got back up and tackled Helga, tossing her into the eye.

"No! This isn't over! Just because you stopped me here doesn't mean anything! There are countless other HIVEs you don't even know about! While you are busy with one of them, the SEED will be released! Ahahahahaha! The dark planet Rykros will swallow Gurhal!" Once Helga's form vanished inside the eye's abyss, the eye shut and the satellite began to rumble as the ceiling started to collapse.

"We need to evacuate immediately" Lou mentioned. "The A-Photon Reactor is overloading." Fighting through the scattered SEED, they arrived at the docking port where the Tylor family was engaged in a pitched brawl huge population of remaining foes. Between trading blows, Isaac spotted that Quagmire's company had been successful, summoning everyone to fall back to the Landeel. The ship had already begun its liftoff sequence before they all arrived on the bridge. Within a fraction of a second, they managed to escape the confines of the HIVE before it self-destructed.

"…Phew…I'm…really…tired all of a sudden…" Quagmire moaned, subconsciously falling on his rear and against a wall.

"…We…we really did it…didn't we Quagmire?" Vivienne peeped.

"…Yeah…we did…We just saved Gurhal…"

"Wot about us? Not like we were just sittin' 'round twiddlin' our thumbs" Isaac groaned.

"...We all did!"

"You two should best prepare for your punishments" Lou explained.

"…Still? …We…just saved Gurhal…and we are still in trouble?!" Quagmire angrily questioned.

"Feh. The Guardians and their rules" Tylor spat. "Tell you what. There is a spot open in the Tylor Family if you want to take the position. Isaac has already vouched for your inclusion…Think it over after all is said and done."

"…Hmm…"

"…I guess this is it…isn't it…" Vivienne wept.

"Huh?"

"…When we get back…they are…"

"I won't let that happen. No one will hurt you. I promise!"

"No. I don't want you do that…I will accept my punishment."

"It would be unwise to take any action in the matter, Quagmire. Further action would see an increase in the severity of your own repercussions" Lou explicated.

"…This isn't fair…We just did what we thought was right…"

The Landeel pulled in the PPT Spaceport on the fourth floor of Clyez City. Despite their overwhelming accomplishment, the two Guardians held their heads low as the returned to the fifth floor with Lou. The President and Headmaster Nav were waiting for them in the conference room.

"Vivienne. Quagmire. Step forward" the Headmaster commanded. Dutifully, they took a step forward together, exchanging their final glance at each other. Both them smiled to one another before looking back to the Headmaster. "We know of everything thanks to Lou. What the two of you have done is completely unspeakable. The complete disregard for the command of your superiors and the endangerment of many a person is irredeemable…" He paused before looking towards Vivienne. "Vivienne, for your hacking crimes and information leakage." He paused once more before turning to Quagmire. "Quagmire, for your failure to answer the call of duty, the continuous ignorance to your superiors' orders, and for the intervention of Guardians' and AMF official operations." He paused once more. "I hereby dishonorably discharge you both from the Guardians."

"…Wait…That's it?" Vivienne cautiously asked.

"Yes. This next statement is on unofficial channels. Given the publicity of the stunt that you two have pulled, we cannot in our best interest, allow you two to stay in the Guardians. It would ruin further relations with the Communion and the AMF going forward. This punishment is the lightest form we can give you."

"…Even after we saved Gurhal, you…are going to punish us…because of…politics?" Quagmire said, dumbfounded.

"…Yes. Effectively immediately, both of your Guardians Licenses are revoked and your access to any facilities you were previously able to will also be rescinded…However, I will allow you to keep your equipment. Consider it a severance package from me."

"…Whatever…Let's go Vivienne."

"Uhh…Okay…Thank you… I think?" Vivienne uttered quietly with remorse.

"Good luck in your endeavors, you two. And thank you both for everything" the President said but Quagmire had already stormed out of the conference room before those words could even reach his ears, Vivienne innocently chasing after him as they went down the ramp and back to the fourth floor.

"…So…What do we do now, Quagmire?"

"I think…we should take Tylor up on his offer..."

"And join the Rogues?"

"No… in joining Isaac. Not the Rogues. He isn't like the other Rogues."

"Why?"

"…There is only one thing left…We have to save Elizabeth."

>