


Episode III: Crossroads of Fate


Chapter 5-2:



True Lineage


"Goodness, you were gone for long. Everything okay?" he said, pouting against wall as Elizabeth and Quagmire returned.

"We're fine. What's up Lutz? How come you wanted to see me so urgently?" Elizabeth asked in a huff.

"'Ey, not out here. Let's get into your place first." Lutz hurried ahead of them, hovering in front of the barracks' door; he quickly hopped inside and ran in front of the couch as his sister soon followed. Ducking his head under the doorframe, Quagmire entered last, holding his hand to his helmet; his movement sporadic and sluggish. He fell to down on one of his knees before completely keeling over.

"Quagmire? Are you okay?"

"…Y-Yeah…I'm just really…really tired all of a sudden" he said with a giant yawn. "…I think…I might have pushed myself too hard again…"

"Lutz, help me lift Quagmire up and put him on the couch."

"…Thanks…Elizabeth…"

"So…haaaooh…What is all this about Lutz? What's the rush?"

"Well…I got a message from an undisclosed source. It told me to go to the Denes Relics site. You know, the one that has the Confinement System?"

"…Go ahead…with him…You'll be fine…I…m…too…" Quagmire muttered before completely passing out.

"What's with him?" Lutz moaned.

"He exhausts himself quickly if he does certain things. Don't worry about it; I'll go with you. How are we getting there?"

"I've managed to scrounge up enough Meseta to buy a personal flyer. It's small and old, but it runs just fine. Plus, it controls just like dad's old ship. Whenever you are ready then, I'll meet you at the spaceport."

She wiped the dirt off her skirt and ran her hand through her hair. "I'm all set." Lutz's face broke off a small smirk as he led them to a beat-up brown flyer that was sitting the back end of the hanger. The inside was rather quaint, cozy enough for just three people, nothing at all like the grandeur of the Landale that she had the misfortune of becoming accustomed to, however.

"Look… The real reason I wanted you to come along is to keep you safe."

"Huh? What do you mean?"

"I still don't trust Quagmire to keep you safe. No way. He's still the reason you got kidnapped in the first place!"

"That's not true at all!"

"Then how the heck did you end up getting into an Illuminus base with him; subsequently stranded alone in the desert for that scumbag Zachery to snatch you up?"

"I…"

"Exactly. He led you in there, and under false presumptions, you thought you'd be fine. Now, I already know who the message is from. It has to be that bastard, Zachery."

"Why do you still hold all this animosity Lutz?"

"Why?! Are you freaking kidding me?! This man is responsible for killing our parents! How can you not be mad?"

"You had already agreed with him! You know it wasn't his fault!"

"There you go siding with him again! He ADMITTED that he allowed it to happen. It was his lapse of judgment that allowed it to happen! It's all because of the rod!"

"I am not siding with him! We've both seen what they are capable of!"

"I know. That is why I want you here. I want to make sure he isn't just diverting my attention so just so he can kidnap you again."

"What?!"

"Elizabeth, that man is crazy! You've seen what he's done! How he goes about his "life"! He's a psychopath! There is no way you trust a person like that!"

"Lutz, the only person here who is crazy is you! I know you've always been protective of us ever since Felix went and joined the Guardians….But ever since our parents died…You've changed…You've been consumed by your hatred…D-Don't you see how much this hurts me? How m-much this hurts our family? Even after seeing Isaac again for the f-first time…The first thing you two think about is punching each other…"

"C'mon, don't do this to me Elizabeth…You know that was a joke…"

"Nooo! You keep telling me you'd-d drop this…but you still haven't!" Dumbfounded, Lutz couldn't find a worthy rebuttal to continue the argument; reclining back into the lumpy cushions of his chair as they reserved themselves to silence for the rest of their flight, save for occasional whimpering. The quiet lakefront ruptured as waves violently lapped and rippled across the water's surface whilst they descended. Standing in the shadow of the gaping archway of the ruins that awaited them was a small figure, beckoning their approach. Elizabeth boldly stomped past Lutz, following the man inside. Residing deep within the halls of the Ancients, the man stopped moving and turned to face his guests. He pulled back his hood and impaled a pole into the ground before him.

[Geez…I…What the hell. How the hell am I supposed to just give up my feelings just like that about our family for her? I hate seeing her unhappy, but what she is asking is absolutely ridiculous. Why can't she see that and accept things the way they are? Just because she's smart doesn't mean she's always right!]

"Thank you for coming. I'm surprised that you actually came, Elizabeth" Zachery said. "Quagmire fell asleep, I'm guessing?"

"Y-Yes…"

"Is everything alright?"

"Since when did you give a shit about her feelings, you festering wart?!" Lutz shouted, jumping in between them.

"Why the hell did you even bring me here if all you were going to do was to yell and scream at everyone?!"

"I told you! I wanted to keep you safe!"

"Do you think he wants to kidnap me again? What makes you think he couldn't do it, even if he wanted to?! Do you really think you could stop him all by yourself?!"

"Ye…I…"

"See?! This is the same story I told Quagmire over and over again! He eventually learned! Why can't you?!"

"Well-"

"Well nothing!"

"Lutz…I have no ill intentions…I don't wish to fight you anymore. Elizabeth explicitly told me that that last battle was going to be the very last. I plan to keep my promise as long as I am still alive. I don't wish to see any more fissures in your family… My offer still stands…After this is all over…If you think it will truly bring you closure: I will leave my life in your hands to do with what you see fit" Zachery spoke.

"…Why did we meet here? Why must everything be so cryptic?" Lutz sighed.

"Well, as I've mentioned earlier, our foe is the Illuminus. Very little isn't known to them and I wanted to be as secretive as possible. This is all for your protection."

"My protection?! What is this farce? When has that mattered?"

"As I've said before; ever since the incident. I've been…seeking to atone every single day from then onwards."

"And what about the time you left me mortally wounded? Was that for my protection to?"

"…As Elizabeth has said…My methods are rather…unorthodox…I assure you, I knew that no lethality would befall you from that encounter. I merely wished to teach you a lesson. I was hoping that from that…umm…beating…that I gave you, that you would learn that violence wasn't the only answer and that strength doesn't come only from brute force… Your ever-present rage is physical proof enough that I have failed you and I continue to do so. No matter how I went about it, logic and reason fell deaf on your ears… I hope that I can finally make amends by returning your family's heirloom. I appreciate that you came all this way to entertain the thought. I pray that it will give you some solace with its return, providing you are still willing to receive it."

"I am." Lutz walked over carefully, his eyes unblinking, never straying from Zachery's helmet. Now a mere two feet away from his old nemesis; something felt wrong. This anger he kept for so long, this overwhelming sense of malice, it seemed somehow pointless for the first time. Zachery, unafraid, did not flinch, no matter how much Lutz's clenched fist trembled. There would be no way he would dodge and any strike at this range, almost as if he welcomed it. Any sense of fulfillment in taking him down would be moot, despite all the wrath that remained. Dropping his guard, he glanced over at his sister, watching her sulk away.

"Is something the matter? You seem unsure, all of the sudden."

"…Shut up." Without further hesitation, he swiped his left arm towards the staff. Everything went blank. Elizabeth and Zachery drifted off into the distance as fast the light that enveloped the room had entered. Panicked, he ran through the void in a daze when his attention turned to his left hand. The Psycho Wand was finally in his possession. A fierce gale blew in as blades of light shot forth from every direction. Countless men of formed themselves from the beams as they all encircled Lutz. One in particular stepped forward as the rest fused with his visage, causing his face to ever-shift in countenance. He too, was wielding the Psycho Wand parallel to him. His free hand was open and outstretched, welcoming Lutz to grasp it. Hesitant, he took hold and gasped as his mind was flooded with untold and inexplicable memories and visions that were his but not his.

"What? …No way…?" Zachery mumbled to himself.

"What's happening?! What did you do?!" Elizabeth hollered as she rushed over to Lutz who was encased in some sort of barrier that was wrapped in electricity.

"Step back from him; don't worry. As alarming as this might be, I've seen this sort of thing happen once before."

"What?! How can you be so sure? Did you plan this?"

"Honestly, I'm just as shocked as you are; there is no way I could have been prescient about this. We will just have to wait until he is ready."

"Can you at least tell me what the hell is happening then?!" Screeches of clanking metal roared over Lutz's wails of agony as a wave of Stateria appeared from the depths.

"That's not good! Why are they activating now?" A high-boring laser came out from behind him as Elizabeth unleashed a barrage from her cannon. Unsheathing his blade, Zachery joined in, staving off as many as he could. A straggler managed to get past him, moving past Lutz and aiming for Elizabeth. Just then pillars of light erupted over all the Stateria, each one bursting in a fantastic azure sequence. As another wave was preparing to move forward, Lutz grabbed Elizabeth's hand and then wrapped his arm around Zachery's neck. A strange tingling sensation washed over Elizabeth as her body felt very light. She shut her eyes as everything melded together in a splash of contrast and a blur of brightness. Opening her eyes, she had to blink twice before realizing that she was now standing in the middle of the Central District in Holtes City.

"…Wha…How…? A-Are we back in Holtes?" Elizabeth stuttered.

"…I t-think so…Lutz? Did you do this?" Zachery gasped.

"Yes. I think that was…magic…If I am to believe what he…I…myself? I'm really confused…" Lutz murmured.

"L-Lutz? Are you okay? What happened to you?"

"I think I can explain better. Lutz is probably really overwhelmed right now."

"Nnn…"

"Elizabeth, remember how I told you about the Psycho Wand in relation to the Esper Lutz?"

"You don't mean?!"

"Yes. Your brother is a successor to the Lutz of old."

"…Mom and Dad always said I was special…Mentioned how I had a gift…Zachery?"

"Yes Lutz?"

"…Being an Illuminus member…Do you think that he knew…about me?"

"You mean about you being the next Esper? …I'm not entirely sure…The Illuminus have access to vast amounts of information. I wouldn't put it past him."

"To think…I'm capable of such a task…Zachery…I'm sorry…I don't know what to do any more…All this hate and anger…My entire adult life I've spent solely on hunting you down to kill you out of vengeance. With all that has happened, and now this…I need some time to think. Do you…think you can see my sister home?"

"A-Absolutely. She will be completely safe under my protection."

"Are you okay with that Elizabeth?"

"Uh-huh…Are you sure…you don't want to stay the night? You could use the rest."

"No. I need to be alone, sorry."

"O-Oh..Okay... I understand…Please, be safe Lutz."

"Don't you worry about it. I'll give you a call tomorrow. Good night Elizabeth."

"Good night, Lutz." Placing his hood over his head, Zachery placed his arm behind Elizabeth, urging her forward. Looking over her shoulder, she saw as Lutz took a few steps towards as set of trees before he vanished into a flash of light. "Quagmire, I'm back! Quagmire?"

"He left a little while after you did" Alis said, hopping up onto the back of the couch."

"Did he say where he was going?"

"He did not. He woke up quite suddenly. He rushed to the visiphone and then straight out the door" Frederick detailed.

"I think you know where he went, Elizabeth" Zachery whispered. "He will be back with his new toy shortly… I'll take my leave then."

"Okay. See you…I guess whenever I see you next."

"…Erm…Yes, sorry. Good night."

"Oh, hey Zachery! Elizabeth, Elizabeth! Look what I got!" Quagmire barged before the door could shut and lock, nearly toppling Zachery as he left. "Look! It's the Absolute Blade! It's absolutely amazing! It's so perfect in every way! The craftsmanship!

Look at how it even…

And one other thing…

I can even...

Elizabeth? How come you keep laughing?"

>