


Hey-o, all! I hope your Christmas was great! I wrote this story from the point of view of a mother during the reign of King Herod, when he gave orders to kill all the baby boys under the age of two. Thousands of innocent babies were murdered- it's sort of the solemn side to Christ's birth.




Author's note: This journal entry has been translated from its original Hebrew, and is dated to be about two thousand years old.



He was only a year old.

His eyes were so brightly blue that it was like looking into the Nile in full sunlight, and his hair was so dark and curly that when he ran it seemed as if his curls would bounce off his head! He was always moving, always finding some treasure to bring to me. With an excited "Ma! Ma!" Yacov would shove the latest finding into my hand- a pretty stone, a flower petal, a broken piece of chalk. While I ground the corn for bread Yacov would sit beside me on the steps, taking in the movement of my hands, and ooh-ing at the finished
matzo
. He loved his papa, too- whenever Levi would return from work Yacov would run to the door and place his chubby hands on Levi's day-old stubbly chin.

But Bethlehem isn't kind to young boys.

Levi was away on a two-day trip the night Herod sent his soldiers. It started with a scream in the middle of the night- I recognized it as my dear friend, Deliah, who lived not two houses away. She was screaming "
Jacob
!
My baby
!" I jumped out of bed, once again glancing at the sleeping form of Yacov on the bed, and grabbed a candle from my bedside table. Lighting it, I crept towards the front door, and peeked out through a crack. A horse thundered past, then three, four. Shrieks and cries filled the air as soldiers burst into houses unannounced.

Just as I turned to protect Yacov the door flew open and a massive soldier stood in the doorway, illuminated by a flickering torch. "King Herod's orders," he boomed. I noticed the scimitar in his right hand, and at that moment Yacov began to cry in the bedroom. The man shoved me out of the way and advanced towards Yacov, towards my son, and I leapt at him, scratching and biting. He merely shoved me to the ground. My head caught the corner of the table and I know no more until the next morning. Cold and stiff, I stood and pulled my way into the bedroom. The bed was empty.


My Yacov was gone.


Levi stays in the bedroom, mostly, these days. I used to bring him food, and tried to talk to him, but he didn't- and doesn't- respond to either. With no one to support me I found myself wasting away, crying all the time.

I visit Deliah frequently, and we cry together and keep each other strong. Jacob would be six years old today, and Yacov would be seven.

I know he is safe, an angel, in Jehovah's arms, and I pray every day for a savior.

>