

I do not own any Durarara characters.

Summary -

Kida only wants one little thing, but when he doesn't get it, he purposely angers Shizuo. It wasn't the best idea... but it had the best outcome.

Request by: Fireball - Fuchsia


Shizuo was amazing at sex, he couldn't deny that. But there was one thing that really bothered him. The man never made a single bloody sound! Except for the occasional grunt, he didn't show any signs of pleasure... other than his erection. And it was really starting to piss Kida off.

Stepping into the smoker's apartment, he had a plan in mind to change that.

"You finished school early." Turning to the direction of the gruff voice, he took in the sight of the usual bartender outfit. Blowing smoke around the cigarette that hung loosely from his thin lips, he pushed his hands into his trouser pockets. With his blue sunglasses safely tucked into his shirtpocket, his black eyes were clear to see. And the untied bow hanging loose around his neck only added to the stunning image.

"Yeah," the teen beamed. "I thought I'd come keep you company."

"I should never have given you a spare key," Shizuo grumbled as stepped closer to the teen, towering over his small frame.

He looked as innocent as a kitten with those large yellow eyes. But he knew the truth. He could be one cruel bastard and demanding as hell in bed. His white jumper only magnified the boy's bright yellow hair that fell across his smiling face. His school uniform however, was slightly off putting. It made him feel like a pervert just seeing him wearing it.

And Kida knew that very well.

Slowly backing away from the man and towards the bedroom, his smile grew wider. "You're going to have to take it off me then Head Master," he teased in his most childish voice.

A vein popped in the bodyguard's forehead as he took his cigarette out of his mouth. Letting in fall to the floor, it had barely touched the wooden surface before he had stepped on it to race across the small living space. Scooping the flirt up into his strong arms, laughter filled the air as he nibbled on his thin neck. Carrying him into his dark bedroom, he threw the boy onto his bed, ripped his bow off and lunged at him.

Kida had barely shrugged out of his blazer before he was pinned to the soft mattress by hands on his waist and teeth in his shoulder. With a little groan he arched his back at the vicious bite marks he was receiving.

Strong, slim hands pushed under his white jumper and gripped his narrow hips. He couldn't hold back the rich moan as blunt nails dragged down his soft skin.

Shizuo smiled into the reddened flesh as a pair of thin legs wrapped around him, pulling him closer. With a hand on the base of the teens back and another between his shoulder blades, he lifted him up so that he was being straddled. Carelessly pushing the pure white jumper up to expose the boy's stomach, he began to undo the dark leather belt.

Humming, the teen pulled off his signature jumper and the school shirt that was stuck to the inside of it. Fingers threaded through silky blonde locks as his naked torso was ravished by the man's hot mouth. The smoker's tongue prodded his perk nipple before gently chewing it with his perfect teeth. Tightening his grip on the hair in his hands, he unconsciously pressed his chest into the moist mouth.

Smirking around the pink nub, Shizuo let his cool hand slip down the front of the loose trousers, causing the others breath to hitch. Well practiced and aimed, he lifted his hand up to be coated in saliva.

He wasn't disappointed.

Grinding into the hand cupping his pride, Kida took three long fingers into his mouth. Swirling his tongue around the thin appendages, he made sure to coat every inch of them in saliva. Lustful golden orbs stared into cold black as he completed the task as sexually as possible. With a quiet pop he let the wet digits fell free.

The small body in his lap arched into him as he trailed wet fingers down his curved spine, pulling a small groan from the boy. Sliding into the trousers, he immediately found the entrance hidden between to firm mounds of flesh.

He completely ignored the idea of foreplay as he pushed passed the tight ring of muscle and into the pressing warmth, he was thanked with a pleasured whine.

Shizuo had to do nothing but spread his fingers as the teen in his lap eagerly moved between the pair of hands. A seductive smirk curled his lips at the beautiful moans slipping from the younger blonde's mouth.

Before Kida knew it, he'd been shoved off the man's lap and was lying on his back with his trousers thrown carelessly on the floor. With a loud 'rip' his lemon yellow briefs were literally torn off his skin, leaving him bare and exposed before a hungry gaze. He watched with half lidded eyes as the scrap of cloth went sailing through the air to land in the corner of the room, too horny to even care.

The teen only just heard the quiet pop of a bottle being opened before the smell of coconut tried to suffocate him. "I want to top," he whined childishly, sitting up and pouting at the older man.

Rolling his eyes, Shizuo turned them around so that the teen was laying on his chest. His erection twitched in anticipation as the legs either side of his waist tensed with movement. A small pair of hands rested on his flat stomach as the boy pushed himself up and hovered over his hardness. Time seemed to stop as he watched the pale face above him twist with pleasure.

He grunted at the tight warmth that slowly swallowed him.

Moaning at the long manhood buried inside him, neither of the blonde's moved for a moment. Cool hands gripped his slim hips as he began to slowly move his ass.

"Do you like this?" the younger asked quietly, hazy yellow eyes locked onto cold black ones. The short, unenthusiastic nod he received in reply only annoyed him further. He didn't know someone could be so emotionless during sex!

With help from Shizuo, he started to move a little faster. Leaning down, he nibbled the man's jaw line because it was as high as he could reach. He then whispered "do you enjoy fucking me?"

Like before, he was answered with a nod.

He'd just opened his mouth to speak again when he was suddenly on his back with the older man hovering over him. "Why the fuck are you talking so much?" he growled. Before the teen could even think of a comeback the heated length inside him was rammed into his prostate, the numbingly painful force of it only added to the pleasure.

Toes curled into the wrinkled bed sheets as moan after moan was ripped from his throat. Blunt nails clawed at the man's already scared back, leaving crimson marks and blood behind. Panting heavily and arching his back off the soft bed, he was in heaven as his neck was bitten and nibbled. But while Kida was letting his pleasure out for the world to hear, Shizuo was still completely silent.

The air was thick with the smell of sweat and sex as their bodies moved together. Every hard, rough thrust slammed into the boy's prostate, making him see stars as he was pushed closer to his limit.

The teen cried out as he released his load onto his naked stomach. A quiet grunt was the only warning he got before he felt warm liquid fill him. His nose wrinkled at the feel of thick semen dripping out of his entrance and onto the bed sheets when the man pulled out.

Glazed yellow eyes reluctantly closed before he could even smile at his bed partner. Like every time they had sex, he fell straight to sleep. Leaving the older man to clean up his mess.

With a groan Kida stretched out on his stomach, making the thin sheet slip further down his ass that it was barely covering anyway. Rolling over, he let out a hiss as pain jolted up his spine. He wasn't at all surprised that things hadn't gone his way, but he had to admit that it was completely worth it.

He'd just about managed to sit up by the time Shizuo returned, a towel around his waist and his hair plastered to his head with water. The sight of the man dripping wet was enough to turn him on again.

"You ripped my underwear... again," the teen whined as the memory hit him. "They were my last yellow pair."

Rolling his dark eyes, he leaned against the doorframe and lit a cigarette. "I'll buy you some more," he bargained, which earned him a happy smile. After a few moments, he could feel the silence turning awkward. "What?"

"Do you even like having sex with me?" Kida asked in a small voice, looking down at the cloth crumpled in his lap.

"Oh for fuck sake."

"You don't speak or make any sounds! How am I supposed to know? It's like getting screwed by a dildo!" he yelled. "Can't you talk a little? Every now and then? Just to tell me what you want or if I'm doing something wrong?"

"You want me to make love to you instead of fuck you?" Shizuo stated bluntly. "You're not a girl: why do you want me to treat you like one? Why the fuck do you want me to start talking to you when you're in heaven with me just pounding your ass into the bed? You have the wrong sex partner if you think I'm gonna do that!"

"I think that it'll be better if you do," the smaller blonde said quietly. "That's all."

Glancing up, he quickly jumped out of bed to follow the man as he stormed out of the room. Yelling in pain, he used the doorframe for support, barely holding the sheet up to cover his pride. Smirking, he opened his mouth and let the words tumble out. "If you won't talk, I'll find someone who will."

Loud laughter filled the apartment. "Mikado? I doubt the boy even knows what sex is," he replied, still not turning to face the teen.

"I'm not talking about Mikado," Kida smiled, finally grabbing Shizuo's attention. "You know who really loves to talk?" Silence surrounded them for a moment before he said the bravest thing he'd said in his entire life.

"Izaya."


TBC...


>