

I do not own any Durararara characters


Time seemed to stand still as the snapped cigarette fell through the air and silently landed on the floor. Shizuo didn't care as he pressed a bare foot onto it, crushing it into the wood with a quiet hiss as his skin burnt slightly. His blood was boiling just from the mention of the bastards name.

"He probably has more experience than you too," the teen continued, oblivious to the rage showing on his face. "I bet if you asked him, he'd teach you a few tricks."

With the fuel added to the fire, the bodyguard snapped. "I'll show you a few fucking tricks!" he roared.

Kida visibly paled as the man stomped towards him, dropping the cloth covering him as he backed away slightly. Without the support of the doorframe his knees buckled. Before he could even hit the floor he was lifted up and thrown onto the springy mattress, bouncing high from the force of it.

With a yelp he was plucked out of the air and pinned down, terrified yellow stared into angry black. Before he knew it, he was on his quivering knees with his wrists tied to the metal headboard by a long black tie.

Looking over his naked shoulder at his smirking, pissed off bed-partner, he couldn't suppress the moan as a pair of hands wrapped around him. His length was slowly stroked into hardness as long fingers fondled and rolled him, causing a light blush to spread over his cheeks.

The boys breathless whines and gasps of pleasure were like music to Shizuo's ears. "I'll make you scream my name," he growled into the younger's pierced ear, sliding a hand up and pressing again his swollen entrance. Watching as a shiver raced through the small body underneath him at the words, he was amused at the sight. Nibbling the thin neck and marking the milky skin, he smirked down at the moaning mess of a teenager.

Tightening his grip on the metal bars, Kida's head was spinning as the hand around him got faster and firmer. But then it stopped. He let out a displeased whine as the pair of hands were pulled away.

With glazed eyes he looked to the man behind him, silently pleading to be touched again.

"Want me to show you a trick?" the bodyguard growled seductively, grabbing the boys firm ass cheeks and massaging them slowly.

Sinking down, he pushed the mounds aside to reveal the little puckered star that they hid. He smirked as he leaned in and stuck his tongue out, revelling in the surprised gasp he received as he swirling it around the swollen ring of muscle.

A wanton moan was ripped from the teen's throat as the tongue wiggled into the tight warmth. As the invading muscle tasted his inner walls, he arched his back in pleasure. His moans only grew louder when a hand wrapped around his heated manhood again, giving it firm strokes. He loved what the man was going to him, but it wasn't enough.

"P-please..." he whimpered as the moist tongue thrust in and out, going as deep as it could.

"Are you begging?" the older blonde teased. He pulled back and examined the wet entrance before licking the boys crack, continuing up his spine as he straightened up. His amusement only grew when the body under him began shivering with pleasure as he panted.

Kida was still grumbling an incoherent string of words as an answer when teeth attacked his neck again. With the firm stroke pushing him closer to the edge, his mind was a haze of want and lust. "You... ahh... please..." When the man didn't react to his plea, he quickly lost his patience. "Fuck me!" he yelled hoarsely.

Shizuo gave a dark chuckle before sliding his free hand up the boys naked chest, pausing to pinch a nipple on the way. Slipping three long fingers into his small mouth, he continued pumping and biting.

"Did you mean what you said?" the man whispered against sensitive skin. "About the flea?"

The seconds ticked by as the teen continued to coat the digits in his mouth with a pleased hum. "N-no..." he breathed as he let the hand fall away from his mouth. Giving a gasp as a thumb brushed clear liquid off the head of his erection, a dark blush spread over his face.

"So you lied?" Kida shuddered at the man's annoyed tone.

A sharp 'smack' sounded through the small apartment as a hand connected with a bare, firm ass cheek, leaving a bright red handprint. The screech that was ripped from the boys throat was a cross between pleasure and pain, but he didn't care as he drew back for another slap.

Pain rippled through his small body with each burning smack to his raw ass, sending his mind reeling. Before he could stop himself, his yelps had turned into moans and he was pressing back to receive the numbing pleasure sooner. His bed-partner had never hurt him like this before and God he loved it!

"Oh you like that do you?" the bodyguard smirked at the younger's reaction. With a final slap, streams of white shot out over the pillows laid at the head of the bed.

Kida let out a displeased whine as the hand around his length was taken away.

"We're not done yet." Shizuo purred, receiving yet another quiet moan. "Where do you want me to touch my little masochist?" Teasing the boy, he ran a finger over his sore cheeks, dipping in and poking the swollen entrance as he done so.

"I-in... I want you inside me," the younger blonde cried in desperation.

With a dark smile, the man pushed two dry fingers into the already swollen entrance, receiving a little yelp. The stinging pain quickly changed into waves of pleasure as moans slipped from his throat, only making the man move his fingers faster. "D-ahhh-dry?" he managed to question in a strangled voice.

"But you like the pain so much," the bodyguard smirked as he licked up the teens thin neck. "And why shouldn't I after that little lie?"

Kida had just opened his mouth to apologise when a third finger was forced into him with the others, changing his words to a pleasured scream. Saliva rolled down his chin as the digits were roughly thrust in and out of him.

"Thats right, moan like a bitch in heat for me," the older male growled before nibbling on a pierced ear. "We're gonna be doing this a whole lot more, whore."

The younger blonde let out an unhappy groan as the appendages inside him were pulled out. He barely acknowledged the coconut smell fill the air around them before he was suddenly filled with a long, throbbing erection. He was in paradise as the man behind him began to hurriedly move, taking him completely dry seemed to be too harsh and cruel.

"You love having my dick up your ass don't you?" Shizuo grunted, gripping thin hips with bruising force.

"Yes... ahhh... I love it," Kida whined.

Their rhythm was fast and ferocious as every time the man's length slammed back into the addicting heat, he hit the bundle of nerves that sent the boy under him screaming with pleasure. He didn't care about how rough he was or the bruises he knew he'd leave, digging his nails into milky flesh as his pace got even rougher. His teasing, taunting words only seemed to make the younger's head spin more.

"Scream for me slut."

"Shizuo!" the teen shrieked as he hit completion. Thick white liquid joined the first, drying load on the pillows under him. He could barely breath from the best sex in his life, only made better when he heard a small moan from behind him as warmth filled his insides.

The second his hands were untied, arms wrapped around him and they collapsed backwards on the bed. The teen was to exhausted to care about the blood and semen running down his legs as he nestled into the mans chest. "Be my boyfriend," he murmured as he felt sleep trying to claim him again.

"No," was Shizuo's immediate response. "You be mine."

"Can we have more sex like that when I'm healed?" A pleased smile swept across his sleepy face as the man's chuckle vibrated in his chest, only helping to lull Kida to sleep.

"Sure thing sweetheart," the smoker hummed. "Oh and... apology accepted. See you when you wake up." Placing a small kiss on his lover's forehead, light snores filled the air as the both drifted off to a peaceful sleep.


The end.


>