

Chapter One

Amy's POV:

I woke up at the sound of my alarm clock. It was 7:00 AM. I am now offically a junior. I dragged myself out of bed and into the bathroom for a shower. Once I showered I dried myself, brushed my teeth and got dressed. I've never been one to dress slutty and show too much skin. I like to dress comfortably. I put on some black skinny jeans and a blue top. I went downstairs into the kitchen and saw my mom eating some toast and my dad reading a newspaper. "Morning. Is there of that for me?" I asked pointing at the toast. My mom laughed and pointed over to the kitchen table with a piece of toast on it. I smiled at her and sat down and started eating it. "Is Liam picking you up this morning" My mom Julie asked. "Yeah. The best thing is that he told me that he got a new car and I can't wait to see it" I exclaimed. Liam is my best friend. Has been since we were 8. To all the girls at school Liam is totally hot, sexy and mysterious. There always drooling over him and it makes me laugh. To the guys he is someone you don't wanna mess with. That is definitley true- Liam has quite a temper and tends to use his fists to work things out. But to me he is funny and caring. And I guess he's not bad to look at but I don't think of him like that. "Any plans after school?" Julie asked. "I'll probably go to the beach with silver and Adrianna 'cus Liam's got a surf show and I promised that I'd come and watch" I told my mom. "Okay" My mom replied. "Don't be back too late" My dad Steve said. Before I had a chance to reply a hoen beeped outside. It was Liam. I grabbed my bag off the table, slipped on my comfy, black flats and said bye to my parents. I opened the door and the first thing I saw was Liam's new car. I walked up to it and stared at it in awe. "Hey Ames are you gonna stare at it all day or are you gonna get in?" Liam asked. " I think I'll stare at it" I said half joking half serious. " Haha very funny. Get in and I promise you can stare at it later" Liam joked putting a hand on his heart. I just laughed and got in the car. Liam pulled away and headed towards school.

>