

Chapter Twelve

Natalie cooked us some bacon sandwiches for breakfast, then had to go to work and for the rest of the mornig me and Liam spent listening to music on kerrang.

"Taylor Momsen is so fucking fit" Liam said randomly.

"You do know she used to be on Gossip Girl, right?" I asked.

"What the fuck is Gossip Girl?" Liam asked.

"Teen drama show. I watched a few seasons of it, I have told you about it a few times".

"I probably tuned you out as soon I heard 'gossip' " Liam stated.

"Don't you find it weird how she used to be on Gossip Girl and now she's wearing black clothes, dark eye makeup and is in a rock band?" I asked.

"Amy, I don't give a shit. She's hot, she sings good and she plays guitar".

"Okay, sorry. What are we doing today?".

"We can have sex" Liam turned his head towards me and smirked. I grabbed the cushion and threw it directly at Liam's face. Unluckily for me he caught it and threw it back at me, hitting me in the face.

"Ow" I moaned. "I thought you loved me. If you loved me, you wouldn't throw a cushion at me. It really hurt, say sorry".

"You know I love you but there was no need to throw a pillow at me. All I suggested was having sex, it was great the first three times" Liam smirked shamelessly.

I scoffed. "You need to give up on this. I'm not having sex with you again Liam. You did me a favour so I wouldn't be a virgin for the rest of my life, we're just best friends, nothing more and nothing less.

Liam shuffled closer to me on the sofa. "We're not just best friends. We stopped just being 'best friends' right after i kissed you. Then when I put my finger in you, there was no going back". Liam was really close to me, I could feel his breath on my face and i could feel tingling sensations making it's way towards my sex. I quickly moved away , partially in fear that he was going to kiss me or I was going to give in and kiss him. Liam only smirked in satisfaction. "If I was a decent person I wouldn't say 'i told you so' but I'm not so I told you so" Liam laughed.

"Yeah, just laugh it up. Just know I'm winning becuase I still haven't given into you" I smiled at this. I was proud of myself for not throwing myself at him like every other girl does.

I grabbed my phone out of my back pocket and dialed Silver's number.


*
Phone conversation

"Hey, do you wanna hang out with me and Liam?".

"I can't, I have to study for my physics test. I've been putting it off for two weeks so I really need to study for it. Are you okay? You sound a bit off."

"Yeah, just Liam being sexual towards me is making me nervous".

"Ohh, you should totally get sexual with him".

"Going off topic Silver. Do you know if Ade is free?"

"Her and Navid are meeting up to talk so no".

"What about Teddy?".

"Your joking right? He's most definitley hung over so I doubt he's gonna wanna hang out and he's probably sleeping".

"Okay, thanks for the info. I'll see you Monday".

"Bye Amy, have fun".*

Great, just fucking great. All of my friends are doing something so I won't be able to avoid Liam. Now I know I should have been more social when I was younger. The only other option I have is Naomi.

"It's cute that I make you nervous" Liam announced.

I quickly turn around from my spot in the kitchen and look towards Liam from the open living room door.

"I thought I said that quiet" I mumbled.

"You thought wrong". "So you called everyone up so you wouldn't have to be alone with me". It wasn't a question, he knew exactly what i was tring to do. "I'm sure Naomi will be free" I smiled.

I rung Naomi up and she answered on the third ring. Lucky for me she was free and agreed to hanging out. I gave her the address to Liam's and hung up.

"Now I don't have to be alone with you" I smirked at him. Liam smirked back at me and turned his head back to the tv.


I hope that anyone who reads this if happy with it :) I know that there isn't really anything going on in this chapter but there will be in the next one. I've got a bit of inspiration back so I'll be posting more if you want me too. Random question: How old are you? You don't have to answer, I'm just curious because I may write smut.


>