


Happy Birthday to Hanamiya Makoto (although this fic is not about his birthday)! I'm so lucky I can post something of Hanamiya on his birthday *sobs* thank goodness I wrote this fic not too long ago.



Anyway, please...give it a try!



He was so fucking angry. How could he lose? NO! He refuse to admit this as defeat, someway, somehow he will break Seirin. Hanamiya banged the walls again, his glare could kill if stare straight into it. He heard a couple of footsteps down the hallway, he turned his head to come up with Aomine Daiki.

"I told you would lose, Tetsu is not to be looked lightly."

"Huh?" Hanamiya was pissed off by the tanned teen's words.

"Tetsu's not just any ordinary player y'know." Aomine yawned, walking bypassed Hanamiya. "He is afterall the phantom sixth man of Generation of Miracles."

Aomine continued to walk down the aisle which was a mistake, if only he turned around just to glance at Hanamiya he might have noticed the scheming look on the foul player's face. Hanamiya stood straight, his shoulders though slump down with his head facing down the floor. Instead of casting defeat his posture screamed sinister feeling.

"Breaking them physically is not the only way." He moistened his dried lips, his eyes glint darkly. A hint of lust in his eyes shone.

Before really utilizing a plan on how he could get the cute little bluenette he decided to go to the vending machine to buy some water before running back to the locker room and change his clothes. You could say luck was on his side because right there at a vending machine was our own little bluenette buying himself a Pocari Sweat drink. Hanamiya notices his presence because of the clatter made when the drink slide down. The tealhead seemed to notice his presence too.

Kuroko took his drink from the vending machine before turning to Hanamiya. His face unreadable as usual. Kuroko expected the raven-haired to ignore him and buy a drink of his own but he was soon shoved against the wall near him, next to the vending machine. Kuroko gasped for air when his lungs were lacking in oxygen as Hanamiya had his hand pressed against the oesophagus preventing the oxygen to enter Kuroko's lungs. Kuroko panicked his small hands tried to pry away the strong grip.

"H-kuh..Ha-nam..haah-imya-s-san." Kuroko managed to choke out. The long raven hairs covered Hanamiya's face so Kuroko did not know whether Hanamiya was looking at him or not but there was a sinister smirk on Hanamiya's lips.

The raven-haired shook his head a little to flip away his eyes so that he can glare at the helpless bluenette. "You know little phantom~" His voice drawled. "Hurting and bruising a player is not the only way to break them. There's another way, the most harsh way." Hanamiya leaned in closer to Kuroko and licked the bluenette's cheek. Kuroko flinched. "I'll break you, phantom sixth man of Miracles."

Hanamiya shoved the bluenette into a small storeroom, it was basically empty excluding a few cleaning stuff at one side. A clicking sound was heard when the raven-haired lock the door, eyes never leaving the cowering bluenette. Kuroko had cornered himself and he was afraid because he did not know what Hanamiya has planned for him, what is going to happen towards him. The small room feels stuffy and his breathing labored.

Hanamiya was pleased when he saw that the bluenette was terrified of him but, there was still no expression. His face show no sense of fear even though the bluennette's body language was apparent and this pissed Hanamiya off. He will definitely make the impassive face show up an expression. Hanamiya stepped towards the bluenette and leaned down as the bluennete was much shorter than him. His breath mixed with Kuroko's.

The raven-haired stared inside the bluenette's eyes, and it was even more empty. So empty it felt like being pulled into a blackhole, Hanamiya was in trance for a moment before a whimper escaped the sweet pair of lips. Hanamiya slowly pulled his lips into a small smirk and kissed the tealhead. Hanamiya had his eyes closed so he didn't see the shock in Kuroko's eyes which flashed for a short second. Kuroko tried to push the taller away but his somehow his muscles felt weak, his legs seeming to morph into jelly. Hanamiya tried to pry open Kuroko's lips but the bluenette kept it sealed shut. The foul player feel around Kuroko's chest on the plain white T-shirt, and rubbed Kuroko's nipples to hardness making the shorter gasped at the shock of pleasure. Hanamiya took this chance to dart his tongue inside the bluenette's and Kuroko moaned when he felt Hanamiya's tongue against his own.

Hanamiya's fingers continued to rub against the harden nipples, Kuroko felt a strange sensation pooling in his lower abdomen. A slight strain can be felt in his pants. Hanamiya stopped kissing the now swollen lips and bend downwards to Kuroko's chest, the harden nipple can be seen perking at the white shirt. Hanamiya started to suckle on it, the shirt denied direct contact though providing more stimulations. Kuroko shivered, this time in pleasure. Kuroko had his hand grasping the raven-haired which felt surprisingly soft. He wanted to pull the other teen away but as another shock of pleasure course through him he tugged the head closer to his chest, as if begging for more sensation.

A light moan escaped the bluenette's lips. Hanamiya stopped for a moment, his eyes on the phantom's face as he was unsure and slightly shock at the sweet sound he heard. A hint of blush appeared on the fair skin, it was really faint and if not for Kuroko's unusually white skin it could hardly be detected. Hanamiya licked at the nipple wetting the cloth and the chill hit the sensitive flesh eliciting another moan from Kuroko.

Hanamiya pulled himself up and nibbled on the tealhead's ear, whispering. "Such cute sounds you're making, little phantom."

"Ha-Hana…miya-san, what are you.." The teal-haired teen words were cut off when Hanamiya shoved two pair of fingers inside the warm mouth, Kuroko's gag reflex kicks in when the fingers hit the back of his throat.

"Do you even have to ask that, little phantom? I am going to fuck you~"

>