


Hi, guys! Also, thank you to Minhhalg91 for becoming my first patron! Well that page is empty at the moment but I will be updating something there soon! Just a little background on the story I am planning to write (my own novel, not a fanfiction)



Oh, I don't really remember the anime's timeline anymore and I don't have the time to rewatch it so...forgive me if it does not align with the canon verse anymore.



White Camelia: You're Adorable



The next day, Kuroko woke up in a huge bed that definitely did not belong to him and he heard the door closing. Was he woken up by the sound of the door opening? Perhaps. He answered himself and sat up, seeing Akashi smartly dressed despite being in his own house. "Morning, Akashi-kun." He muttered, wincing a bit as a throb of pain went up his behind. He sighed when he was sitting up properly on the bed, then he turned his eyes back to the person whom used to be his captain.

"Morning Tetsuya." The red hair acknowledged and walked towards the windows, opening the curtains. The sunlight immediately dropped on to the surface it could reach, blinding the bluenette for an instant. Akashi ignored that and turned towards the phantom, assessing the condition of his temporary charge. "Feeling better?" He asked and reached out to touch the boy's forehead. "Well, at least you did not work up a fever." He notified. "I've informed your team manager, parents and school that you will be staying with me for a few days."

Kuroko looked worried, "Did Haizaki-kun, told you about..." He was not sure if Akashi already knew about Hanamiya but he knew Haizaki had told him what happened. Though knowing the redhead he probably already knows about it, but then again Akashi is not omniscient.

"That, Hanamiya Makoto decided to violate you to the extremes? Shougo told me what he knew, like I should expect from the ones reporting any kind of case to me." Akashi sat down at the edge of the bed and looked at Kuroko with a calculating gaze. "I don't want to take part in your love life's drama. Yet, I am offering you help this once." He said the second sentence with absolution. Kuroko looked a bit surprised but otherwise there was no other indication of his reaction. "Quit Seirin and move to Rakuzan with me."

The bluenette blinked.

"I could utilize you better than Seirin can and you won't ever need to bow to Makoto's whimsical needs or attempts to hurt you. I will take care of you, Tetsuya." The redhead said, with a softness in his voice that may contain how he truly feels for the phantom. Yet he could not bring himself down from his high pedestal to utter the three words because he knew that the feelings are no longer mutual now. It was his own fault so he hold no grudge over it, does not mean he could not provide what would be best for his shadow though, hence the offer.

"Thank you but I politely decline your offer Akashi-kun." Kuroko bowed his head down to the redhead before locking his gaze with the heterochromia pair of eyes. "I like Seirin and I can deal with Hanamiya-san on my own. So leave Hanamiya-san alone."

Akashi had of course, expected this and nodded. Swallowing down the bitterness of being denied. "I see, then I have no further things to discuss with you. I shall leave you to rest for now." He stood up from the bed.

"When am I allowed to leave?" The question saddened the redhead by slight.

"You're not a prisoner here, Tetsuya." Akashi said. "You are free to leave whenever you wish to, I'll send you to your home."

Kuroko nodded and said nothing else, waiting for Akashi to leave the room. When the red-haired did, Kuroko looked to find his phone from hid bag that was placed on the bedside table. Reaching out with his right hand, the charm bracelet on his wrist chinked and he stared at it for a few seconds before sadness seeped in. What had he been thinking? Hanamiya's actions yesterday had belied him, he had thought that Hanamiya was growing more tolerable and warmer but his judgement proved to be false. It was simply what he wanted to see, that time when the bad boy handed him this charm bracelet. The other had said it was a gift, but he had also said that it was suppose to symbolize a collar.

His hand formed into a fist and tears filled his blue eyes before falling down his cheeks.

What was wrong with him? Why does he keep on caring for persons that was never good for him?


Kuroko returned home the next morning. Skipping school for another to heal his body and ignoring the persistent questioning of what had occurred from his dear mother and father. He moped in his room, at least until his door was opened so rudely by his one and only older brother. "I haven't seen you for at least a week and you can't even greet me with a bloody hug?" The older one said incredulously as if such a thing was impossible.

"Sorry." Kuroko apologized, feeling guilty but made no motion to move away from the corner on his bed. "What's up, Haku?"

Haku raised his eyebrows and sat down on the bed next to Kuroko. "Something you want to tell me little brother?"

"No."

"Well, I wanna hear about it anyway. So start telling."

Kuroko opened his mouth and closed it back, thinking how to start. "I want something to stop but...it's difficult. I try to bear it yet when I thought it was getting better, suddenly it turns worse."

"Is this about your boyfriend?" Haku asked out of nowhere.

"What?" Kuroko looked up at his brother in surprise. "How'd you know about him?"

"Mom told."

Kuroko stared. "Figures. I guess you could say so...but he is not my boyfriend. Just...a close friend."

"...Riiiigghhhttt, and you are upset about him because?"

The bluenette wished to tell his brother but he also does not want him to know what had truly happened. "He's just...a bit complicated."

"Well that's rich, coming from you."

Kuroko ignored that statement. "Just...I don't know whether he cares for me because he sees that I can be useful to him or that he truly cares for me."

Haku rolled his eyes and ruffled Kuroko's already messy hair. "That's easy to find out. Although I am sure it is more the latter than the former. You, my little brother is such a dude charmer, and cute. That's why you need big brother to protect you."

"If you don't want to be hit with Ignite Pass, you stop saying that I'm cute."

"Woah, easy there gloomy head. Or do you not want to hear what I have in mind to help you out?"

"...Spill."



It feels so weird to write fanfictions like this as I am used to changing my writing style for my Harry Potter and Yuri On Ice fanfiction. If you want to read my YOI fanfiction you can read them on AO3, too lazy to cross post it and you can also read some small Yuri Plisetsky x ? on my IG on the caption.



BTW, please do review. I have not updated in a long time and I lost how I want this story to go. Tell me your thoughts and I might be able to find more inspirations from your suggestions ;)


>