


Hey guys; welcome to another story of mine.



So, I know I was supposed to write a Vayne x Vladimir story, but I had no idea on how to begin that. And then, an idea hit me harder than a crossbow bolt could, and trust me, that's quite effing hard.



So I've started this Lissandra x OC story and I hope you'll all find it interesting.



Hope you enjoy the chapter - Wings.




Story Name: In her Icy Embrace



Rated: M for future Lemons, vulgar language, graphical depictions.



Genre: Hurt/Comfort, Romance.



Summary: A young man with peculiar powers finds himself near-death, from which the Ice Queen takes him from. At first, Lissandra simply wishes to use him for her own goals. But after they find out the extent of his powers, new doors are opened. Will the ice around Lissandra's heart finally melt for this young explorer?



Pairing: OC x Lissandra





In her Icy Embrace




Prologue


'
My name is Alan Frost. Today, I will be a member of the expedition group from Piltover that heads to the north, deep into Freljord. We will be going farther north than anyone has ever gone. Even though this trip is extremely dangerous, I'm not doing this for the gold they've offered us on return or for the glory of exploring the unknown. I'm going there to sate my own curiousity, the explore places no one else has ever stepped upon. If I die or do not return, all I ask is to not be forgotten. On behalf of everyone going with me, I ask that those of us who do not return be remembered."


He sighed as he put down his pen, not knowing what else to write. Glancing up, he saw that he had two hours to prepare. He got off the seat at his desk, walking around his room to the large bag he had placed upon his bed, already full with supplies. He finally took a look at his reflection in the mirror embedded into his wardrobe's door.

His platinum blonde hair, appearing snow-white or silver to most eyes, appeared as bedraggled as always, like the ruffled feathers of a bird. His eyes were icy blue, with flecks of silver in them that he always noticed. His skin was, as usual, stubbornly staying pale no matter how much time he had spent in the sun. He wore a dark blue hoodie, zipped up the front over a white t-shirt. A pair of fitting jeans covered his legs, leading down to a pair of belted up black boots, his hands covered by a similar pair of gloves, albeit fingerless. He was ready to hike through the coldest of places.

2 hours later, he was sitting in one of Piltover's aerial transports along with 5 other hikers. The other explorers were fluffed up with layer-upon-layer of clothing to fight the bitter cold of the north. They were staring at Alan like he was stupid, wearing little to nothing when compared to them. But this was a weird part of Alan's life. For some reason, the cold never affected him. He dive into icy ponds in the middle of winter without any clothes on and not even shiver. He never got frost burns nor did he ever feel the need to warm himself. The heat didn't bother him that much either, though he did feel it to an extent.

5 years back, when he was a youth of 19, he had been sitting outside while it was snowing. He had been in a bad mood, feeling desolated and helpless after his lover had left him after a 2 year long relationship, built on trust and love. He had laid outside like that, wanting to be as cold as the grief inside of him but feeling nothing except the tell-tale cold tingles of the snowflakes falling upon his bared arms and face. After perhaps hours of lying, he focused on his surroundings and found that the snowflakes falling from the sky were all spinning around him. Not like a twister, no, but like a slow spiral, twisting around him as they fell, drawn closer to him. Already, a small circular wall of snow had gathered around him, a perfect radius of 2 ft all around him. But as soon as he had noticed it, the snow had fallen back to it's regular pattern.

He had then spent a lot of time focusing and, with a lot of time spent on trying to harness it, he managed to find out that he could manipulate snow to an extent. But he could only direct the fall of snow as it fell from the sky, or lower the temperature around him. He never practiced further than that.

His mind came out of such memories when the craft jostled him, the large doors opening to reveal the endless expanse of white infront of them. They had arrived in Freljord.

…

It was 8 days into the expedition and the group had already traveled further north than anyone had ever gone. Up here, there was a perpetual blizzard going on, with visibility reduced so they couldn't see more than 5 feet around them. They all had a long rope tied around their waists, with 3 feet of rope inbetween them as they slowly trudged through the rope.

"Guys, the ground doesn't feel solid to me…" One guy behind Alan said.

"It's in your head, man. The blizzard's givin' ya vertigo." Another one, this guy infront of Alan, spoke up as Alan focused on his feet as he took the next step. As his feet landed, the ground held…. Then shifted down just an inch.

"Guys, he's right, the grou-" As Alan was speaking out his warning, the ground suddenly cracked, the sound of the ice shattering piercing through the sound of the wind like gunshots. A second of tense silence passed, no one breathing.

Then the ground shattered all around them, falling inwards. Alan heard his own scream over everyone else's screams as they fell. He felt the ground hit him; they had hit a slope, and now they were all rolling down the slope, hitting and rolling over each other, the ropes pulling and tugging on them. Then a rock slammed into Alan's head and everything went black.

…

Warmth… No… Cold? No, not that either. He couldn't feel cold. But he felt… comfortable? As soon as he was aware of his body, dull pain throbbed up his entire body, most noticeably in his chest and head as he groaned. His eyes opened slowly, everything appearing blurry at first. Slowly, his vision sharpened as he found himself within some sort of cave made completely of ice. He realized that he could see in a cave which should be completely dark. Turning his head, he found a large blue crystal jutting out of the ground, providing light inside the cave. He also realized he was on a sofa. Why was there a sofa in a cave of ice?

"So, you're awake?" A feminine voice, high and cold, spoke from one side of the room. With a grunt of pain, Alan looked over to the other side of the room, where a tall woman dressed in blue robes stood at the threshold of the cave, infront of what appeared to be a branch heading deeper into the cave. Now that he thought about it, he didn't see any opening in the cave aside from the one where the woman was standing at, so he assumed he was deep inside the cave already.

He inspected the woman. She wore blue robes that reached past her feet, trailing behind her. The robe had metallic pieces of armor covering her shoulder and waist, dark blue gloves covering her hands. Her head had a weird but ornate mask/helmet covering most of it, revealing only the bottom part of her face as well as around her collarbone. Her skin was of a pale blue coloration, like she had been frozen over.

"Ugh… Who… Where am…" Alan muttered, feeling groggy as the pain throbbed all over his body when he tried to move.
"You're in my lair, human. I found you and your little hikers walking on thin ice, which happened to be the ceiling of a cavern. As expected, it shattered and you all fell in the avalanche that followed. When I came upon your crash site 2 hours later, I found every human but they had already died and frozen up. All except you. You looked fine, although you were quite bashed up." Her voice was cold and smooth, like ice itself. She began pacing around the room as she spoke again, "So I was curious and wanted some answers. Seeing no one else who could provide them to me, I took you. I patched your wounds up so that you may wake to answer my questions." She said.

"Uh… Okay…. What?" Alan murmured, his head still hurting with each heartbeat, uncomprehending. He reached up to feel the part of his head which was hurting, the top right part of his forehead, and found it covered with a large pad of cotton. There was also snow under the cotton, pressed against his wound, as he felt the tingle of cold under it now.

"You got a bit banged up as you fell, but not like the others in your group. I found one had been strangled by the cord around his waist."

"Wait… Everyone is… Dead?" Alan asked, that fact finally piercing through his muddled thoughts. The woman, her face appearing emotionless under the mask, nodded. There was a mannequin in the corner of the room, infront of which the woman walked to… No, walk was the wrong word. With the subtle elegance she had and the way she held herself up, she almost appeared to glide over to the mannequin. Once there, she began unhooking the armored pieces of her robe off, beginning with the shoulder guard as she spoke, "Now… Who are you?"

"I'm… Alan. Alan Frost." He answered, staring at the backside of the woman, watching her very long white pair, which was tied into a braid, sway at her waist level as she unhooked both of her shoulder guards, placing them upon the mannequin's shoulders. With her shoulders bared, Alan saw more of her pale blue skin. The dark gloves, which reached up to where her shoulder guards were, came off next, pulled off in a practiced, fluid motion, exposing more of her light blue skin.

"Frost… How fitting." She said, her voice holding a bit of irony as she put the gloves down infront of the mannequin. As she began to unclasp the armor piece around her stomach and waist, she asked, "Where are you from and what is your business here, Alan?"

She spoke his name like she didn't trust him yet. Ofcourse she didn't.

"I'm from Piltover." Alan said, grunting in effort and pain as he forced himself up into a sitting position, the light blanket which had been placed over him falling off. He saw that he didn't have his jacket. It was probably torn up from the fall, now that he thought about it. "I came here… With others, to explore this part of the north."

"Really?" She asked, her tone sarcastic as she clasped the armorpiece onto the mannequin. She didn't take her helmet off, however, as she turned around to face him with a smile on her face. She looked downright sinister as she slowly glided over to her. "So you're from Piltover, are you?" She asked, her voice menacing as Alan suddenly felt uneasy at her presence.

With a sudden motion of her arms, which suddenly began glowing light blue from her fingertips, fading as they reached up to her elbows, she flung several icicles at him, conjured up from thin air. Alan let out a yelp as they all soared past his head, barely touching him as they exploded on the wall a few feet behind him.

"Speak the truth, boy. Who sent you?" She asked, as she gestured with her hand again, this one less aggressive. But a large icicle formed in front of her, floating in midair, the sharp end pointed directly at him. "Or this one isn't going to miss."

"I told you the truth, what the hell!?" Alan shouted, wincing as the pain in his head throbbed. He noticed the movement infront of him though as he dived to the right side of the sofa he was on, the icicle suddenly burying itself where he had been moments ago.

"Wrong answer!" The woman said as she fired another icicle at him with a swipe of her hands. He dived to the other side of the couch, but not fast enough as this one skimmed his right shoulder, cutting a crimson line. He hissed in pain, adrenaline causing him to forget the pain in his body as he tried to got off the couch and ran to the side of the room, dodging more icicles in the process. He turned around and his eyes widened as he saw a huge hand of ice suddenly erupt out of the ground, grabbing him and pinning him against the wall. He screamed in pain as it pressed down on him, the woman gliding over so she was just infront of him. The hand held him, but didn't press down, as he watched a hole form in the middle of the icy hand in horror, exposing his torso. Ice formed around the woman's right hand, ending in a sharp point as she hovered it over his chest, only a few inches of flesh and blood separating the cold ice from his rapidly beating heart. He stared at her with wide eyes as she hissed at him, "Last chance… Who was it boy?"

Alan stared at her, breathing hard from the pain and the fear of his impending death. "You're insane." He said, his eyes staring hard at her. If he was going to die, he was gonna die with dignity. The ice descended upon him, but he didn't flinch. It stopped, barely touching his shirt as Alan held his breath. The woman stared at him, eyes hidden due to her mask so he couldn't tell what she was thinking. Then, she straightened up, the ice falling away from her hand as the huge hand released it's hold on him, sinking back into the floor.

"It seems you really are telling the truth…" She said, turning around as she began walking away from him. As soon as Alan remembered to breathe again, he registered the fact that she was walking away from him. Anger rushed up inside of him. "Hey, wait a minute!" He said angrily, reaching for her hand. The woman noticed and suddenly jumped away from him, screaming, "DON'T TOUCH ME!"

A shockwave of power seemed to emanate from the woman as she screamed, shoving Alan back as she momentarily forgot his anger at her sudden reaction. She was gripping the wrist of the arm he was about to grab, holding both her arms close to her chest. "Don't touch me…. You'll get burned." She said in a low voice, a trace of sorrow in her voice.

"Well then don't try to walk out of here without giving me a few answers then, especially considering the fact that you saved my life just to try and kill me again." Alan said, the last of his fear melting away as anger came forth.
The woman's lips thinned, but then she said, "Tch, fine. What questions does your puny mortal mind ponder?"

Alan faltered, not actually knowing where to begin. He narrowed his eyes, the icy blue eyes focused on the masked woman infront of him.
"For starters, you can tell me what you are and where I am." He said, crossing his arms as he gingerly walked back to the couch, which was like 2 steps away, and sat down, sighing in relief. The woman slowly walked over, sitting herself down on the lounge chair opposite of the sofa and then said, "I'm known as Lissandra, True Queen of Freljord."

Alan raised an eyebrow, "I can't say I've heard of you."
Lissandra's blue lips curled up into a smile, "That's exactly what we want."
"We? Who's this 'We'?" He asked.
" 'We' are the iceborns, the true rulers of the Freljord, having lived here for centuries in slumber." Lissandra stated, not explaining further than that.

"Why are you wearing… that… Whatever it is?" Alan asked, gesturing at his own head in an attempt to shape-out the mask that Lissandra wore.
"None of your business. Next question?" She stated curtly, her tone letting him know that there would be no further discussion about that. Alan raised an eyebrow but didn't pry.
"You haven't answered my question about where I am." He said as Lissandra gave a sigh, agitated. "I've already told you, you're in my lair."

"And where would that be?"
"To the farthest north that your mortal mind can comprehend, past the Howling Abyss, which, if I may add, was where you and your friends fell to your doom. Well, except you. You survived, whether by stroke of luck or pure chance. It's a hundred degrees under zero down there, so I've got no idea why you didn't freeze either." Lissandra said, curiousity taking a place in her mind as she pondered that small fact, tilting her head to the side.

"The cold doesn't bother me." Alan said casually, shrugging. Lissandra kept staring at him, not getting the literal meaning of his sentence.
"If you don't mind me asking… Why did you freak out when I reached out to grab you?" Alan asked, eyebrows furrowing as he watched Lissandra pulled her arms closer to her self-consciously.

"Iceborn cannot touch mortals. Not without causing the human searing pain from frost burn. It's also quite painful for us as well ." Lissandra said in a lower-than-usual tone, obviously dissatisfied with that fact.
Now Alan was the one feeling curious. He had a sudden urge to reach over and touch her while she was distracted, obviously thinking of something. But he pushed it down before saying, "Is the blizzard still raging on?"

Lissandra perked her head up at him when she realized he had asked her something. Then, she nodded, "Yes. It's gotten worse, even my Iceborn was forced back in. Visibility has fallen to near blindness. I do not think you can go back in this situation." She said as Alan sighed, shaking his head at his bad luck.
"How long do these things last?"

"Here in the Freljord, they can last for weeks."

"Great."
"Even if it wasn't storming outside, I do not think I would allow you to go right now." Lissandra said, causing Alan to raise an eyebrow.
"Uh.. Why is that?"

"You're badly injured and because I have taken you into my abode, you are also under my hospitality. It would be poor hospitality if I let you go out on your own with a few broken ribs and a cracked head." Lissandra stated as Alan's eyes widened, looking down at his chest, which ached dully. So that's why he was hurting so bad when the muscles in that area stretched.

"Oh… Oh..." Alan murmured, poking his injury gingerly, hissing as he poked it too hard.
"Stop that." Lissandra chastised as Alan stopped, the last of his adrenaline wearing off as the full force of how sore he was hit him again. His face fell as he groaned, slowly lying back down on the sofa. "I think… I think I'm gonna get some more shuteye…" He muttered as Lissandra nodded. "I shall leave you here then." She said, before walking to one side of the room. Alan noticed that the flat ice on the wall he had first thought was just a wall actually held a door, which Lissandra opened with a simple push with her hands. Gliding inside, the doors closed behind her, moments before his own eyes closed. The next few weeks would have to be spent in here… Wherever 'here' was. Alan knew that whatever happened, it was going to be nothing short of interesting.



So, what do you think of the story so far? Please leave your thoughts and comments on the story in the reviews below. You don't need an account to review here, so be sure to say whatever you want to say. Just don't be rude, no one likes an ass unless it's me [I'm an awesome ass].



Cheers
- Wings.


>