


A/N: I'm not gonna lie, this is largely 4,000 words of filler, but its filler that establishes the final investigative points of the case. From here on out, its relationship/case plot. Currently, we've got this thing wrapped up with 21 chapters. :)




There's too many things I haven't done yet,



Too many sunsets I haven't seen,



You can't waste the day wishing it would slow down,



You would've thought by now,



I'd have learned something.



Within an hour, the Widmark Hotel is crawling with police. A conference room becomes a command center of sorts, while crime scene techs move over the entire expanse of Room 41. And then there are the guests, tourists and business men alike who wander down the hall, looking to get close and figure out a piece of puzzle.

Kate is watching one such interaction, a woman dressed in a heavy black coat with an accent that sounds like either Minnesota or Wisconsin peering around Officer Hastings with a camera phone at the ready. The young blonde officer is doing her best to be gentle, not to raise her voice and be firm with the tourist but its all to no avail.

The woman wants her photos, is chattering about how this is just like on Law and Order or Bones. And Kate rolls her eyes, pushing off the door with one high heeled boot, spinning back into the conference room to approach the lone member of her team that she had managed to snag from underneath Rachel McCord's iron grip. Agent Meghan Arrison was the unofficial tech whiz, an asset to the team for those skills, her fluency in Portuguese and Italian, and an intelligence that boasted both a top ten and top five finish in her graduating class at Brown and Quantico.

"It's a lot of documents," she says the moment Kate reaches the small card table that holds just enough room for the laptop and printer, "A few photos, but those are larger files and will be the last thing to scan into the computer. So far it seems to be a mix, campaign records, lists of donors, specifically there are a list of PAC's that seem to have donated large sums of money to Senator Bracken's campaign. Since one of the victims worked for him, its not that unusual that she would have that information…"

'But why hide it?" Kate asks, kneeling beside the redhead, "They went to great lengths to make sure no one picked the thumb drive up, or knew where to look for it. Campaign information is difficult to obtain for a regular citizen, but its not impossible. And political action committee's are usually organized for the specific purpose of keeping the money trail anonymous, it doesn't make sense."

"Hold on a second," the younger woman says, eyebrows knitting together, "I assumed that most of the documents were taking up the room on the drive, but there's a hidden folder here."

Kate tenses at the words, leaning forward for a better look at the screen while her co-worker types furiously at the keyboard, rapid fire data floating across the screen for five seconds before it comes to a sudden halt. "It's password protected, probably encrypted and beyond my skills. I'm good with technology, but I'm not a hacker. Someone at the lab will need to help but whatever is in the file - it's taking up almost half of the memory space."

Sitting back on her heels, she sighs, disappointment crowding in against the sudden surge of anticipation. Like in every other turn of this case, a dead end or a curve ball, a steady build of frustration that had Kate ready to hit something. "Okay, the twelfth has a tech whiz on staff, let her take a crack at it before we get our people involved," she says to Meghan, the redhead meeting her eyes with a small smile of understanding.

McCord would have them both written up for going against her orders, and turning in evidence to be run down by the FBI lab is as good as announcing how they spent their afternoon.


Rick watches from his corner as Kate bids Agent Arrison goodbye, brows furrowed to try and distinguish part of her conversation. Espo and Ryan had both sent him away as they conducted interviews, and Kate had seemed immersed in whatever had been found on the drive which had left him to observe the controlled chaos of law enforcement during an active investigation.

In his time as a shadow for the CIA, the NYPD, and a number of other organizations he never grew tired of it. Watching the system work to its full potential was just fodder for his writers imagination, leaving him itching to sit with his laptop and pound out the words until they refused to come.

Maybe he would, later in the evening after a dinner with his kid, his mother and, hopefully, his girl - well, Kate. Assuming she was his girlfriend seemed just a bit presumptuous, no matter how deeply he wanted to bestow the title on her. Even this slowly healing and luminescent thing he had glimpsed in the past twenty-four hours. For all the promises and the progress, Rick wasn't sure Kate wouldn't dig in her heels and run if he pushed too hard too fast.

But the images still lingers, typing out paragraphs of texts while Kate curls against him. It's something he finds himself craving, the slide of her fingers through his hair, over his ear, her quiet hum of contentment, completely happy to just be there and in the moment. And then, once the words run dry, the lure of losing himself in her body, drowning in the heat of her mouth and the softness of her skin, falling asleep to the steady tempo of her heartbeat against his ear.

"Castle," her voice shocks him back to the hotel hallway, a little wiggle and discreet readjustment needed on his black trousers after losing himself in the daydream. "You okay?" Kate radiates concern, fingers curling along the thin strip of skin along his wrist that peeks from under his shirt.

"I...yeah...thinking…." he stutters, blowing out a deep sigh that brings a smirk over Kate's full lips, has her teeth scraping along the lower one in a move that could, honestly, bring him to his knees and beg for mercy.

"I'm sure," Kate replies, using the edge of two fingernails to lightly graze against his skin, long enough for a delicious shiver to trip down his spine before he has the mental facilities to untangle their hands. The knowledge of what is hiding under her stylish suit and towering heels is too fresh, too much of a temptation that he cannot abide being teased. Not when he hasn't even began to have his fill of the mysteries that make up the woman in front of him.

The knowing half smile she gives him doesn't help matters at all, but he follows Kate when she indicates that he should, eyes trained on her toned backside for a fraction of a second before he suspects anyone might notice. When Rick picks his eyes up from the sway of her hips he notices the slender blonde, easily as tall as his very special agent, dressed in the light grey and white uniform of the Widmark housekeeping staff.

Her name badge reads Zoya, and the deep blue eyes project an anxiety that he's sure is born from a woman who has a piece of the information that the group has systematically been searching for.

"Zoya, I'm Agent Beckett, and this is my associate Richard Castle," Kate begins, her voice kind and open, no rigid lines or tension in her body language when she extends a hand and shakes that of the maid. Approaching her as a friend, placing the three of them on equal ground, a way to win her trust, "Detective Sullivan told me that you had some information on one of the men when are asking about. Why don't we step inside for some privacy?" she indicates another of the hotel rooms, the door slightly ajar and at Zoya's nod all three of them cross the threshold.

He insists that Zoya takes the desk chair in the room, and Rick settles next to Kate on the king size bed that faces her. Even with privacy afforded by the room, she's still a ball of nerves. He watches as the woman pats her hair, smooths invisible wrinkles on her uniform, anything to avoid keeping still.

"Zoya, do you remember seeing this man at all?" Kate uses that same soft tone, pulling a photo of Michael Smith from her black folder and extending it for her to look. " I know you see dozens of guests every day but we know that his man, Michael Smith, stayed in this hotel several times." Of course they could likely find forensic evidence, or perhaps something in surveillance video or on the thumb drive, but eyewitness accounts were always valuable. And the more evidence Kate could gather, the harder it would be for someone to punch holes in the case inside a courtroom.

"I do remember him," the maid answers, a nod of her head accompanying her heavily accented English, "He came with the other man, one morning when I went in to clean they were both standing in the hall talking. They stopped when I got close and were gone when I came back out for new towels. I only saw this man, Michael Smith, once. The other man - I saw him many times, he knew by my accent that I was from Russia. We talked about my city."

"Where is your city?" Rick asks, catching the eyes of the woman at his side as she gives him a small upturn of her mouth.
Job well done, Castle. Keep her engaged.


"Ivanovo," Zoya responds easily, worry bleeding away to reveal a hesitant smile. "It is a small city, known for beautiful ah….текстиль."

"Textiles," Kate supplies quickly, and he watches in fascination as Zoya lights up, a full smile transforming her already impressive face into something beautiful as she exclaims in her native language over Kate's understanding of Russian.

Ever demure about her skills with language, Kate merely gives a word of thanks. A brief explanation, in what sounds to his layman ears like excellent Russian, that seems to placate the housekeeper before they hop back onto the original point of conversation.

"What do you remember about the man you saw with Mr. Smith?" she asks, patiently waiting for Zoya to gather her memories, to put them into words.

"He was very nice, spoke to me for a long time whenever I saw him. He thought it was nice that I came here to study ballet, always wished luck that I would find a job teaching or performing here. He said his name was Jonathan, I even met his girlfriend once," the maid says, eyes widening when Kate sits upright and tugs another photo from her folder.

"Zoya, is this the man you remember?" she questions.

The nod of confirmation when Kate holds up the photo has Rick reaching for the third, Rylee Matthews' curly blonde hair and blue eyes not that dissimilar to the Russian woman across from them. It's an odd juxtaposition, two women with such similar coloring, but so very different in upbringing. One living, one dead.

A third nod follows, more reinforcement of what they had already known and simply need evidence to prove. And though he's far less of a betting man than in the years before meeting Kate and starting work at the precinct, he would place a rather hefty one that the USB drive contains the reason the trio had been brought together in the first place.

"Okay, thank you for your time, you've been very helpful," Kate tells the woman, giving her a small smile as Zoya stands, smoothing the edges of her white apron down.

"I hope you find whoever did this. Jonathan was very nice, he did not deserve what happened,
удача
Detective."


There's a fresh layer of snow fluttering from the sky as the cab slides to the curb. The white flakes stick to anything that lingers for too long in the open air, coating Kate's hair and shoulders with a dusting as Castle pays the driver.

Le Cirque is one of those restaurants that she never frequented, the portions too small and the prices too expensive to justify a trip on a cops salary and she's caught for a moment in staring at the sign, the groups of people seated at tables near the windows. Somewhere inside, Alexis and Martha are waiting at a table and, in short order, Kate will have to face them in the aftermath of whatever this is she and Castle are embarking on.

Despite knowing them for years, she can't help the nerves that flutter in her belly, the strained smile that she gives when Castle takes her hand and pulls her from the snow flurry and cold wind into the warmth of the restaurant.

They are held up only long enough for Castle to greet the hostess and the manager with a hug, a gracious nod of his head as they are led through a winding path of tables and diners to one discreetly tucked in the back with two redheads carefully studying menus.

"Katherine, darling!" Martha chirps, the bright blue and green of her outfit drawing all eyes in the room towards the actress even without her big smile and grand gestures as she stands to pull Kate in for a hug, "So good of you to join us."

She waits until the older woman has let her go to smile at Alexis, taking the seat beside the young woman while the other two occupants of their table exchange a greeting - Castle pressing a small kiss to the curve of his mother's cheekbone, a quiet 'hello mother' that leaves her smiling - she doesn't expect the frosty bend of Alexis' lips, the reluctant hello she gets from the girl, but its clear to Kate that it will indeed be all that she's going to receive.

"Hi, Pumpkin," Castle's voice curls against Kate's ear as he bends down to place a kiss to his daughter's copper hair, the fingers of his left hand trailing over her back and the ends of her hair before he takes a seat, ringers intertwining with her own under the table to rest against his thigh. It's just enough contact to be a distraction, for her to bite down against the fullness of her bottom lip, divert her eyes to the menu already resting across her plate as her heart thrashes against her chest in equal beats of pleasure that he wants to be close to her even at a dinner with his family.

They've ordered drinks and tuna tartare for a starter before she attempts to engage Alexis in conversation again, Kate's effort to distract herself from the eye watering price that the man beside her will be paying for dinner, "Your dad tells me that you've been studying environmental science?"

Two things happen in succession, Castle's fingers squeezing gently around her own as he sips from his wine, and the blue eyes so like his own lifting from the plate to give her a cold stare, "Environmental policy, ways to convince large corporations and employers to cut emissions and use less energy to protect our natural resources," Alexis says, "I just spent the summer in D.C. last year, working with several Senators and other members of Congress, including both members of the Senate from New York."

Kate doesn't miss the connection to William Bracken, the man who seems to be haunting her investigation like a ghost, nor does she imagine the chill over her shoulders at both the implication that he's met and worked with Alexis but also the general coolness with which the girl regards her. It's clear that whatever friendly footing she had found with Castle's daughter before her own move to D.C. had evaporated in the intervening years, like everyone else, Alexis Castle has a bone to pick with Kate. One that likely involves the pain and hurt she caused her father, something which she's just scratched the surface of with the man who is regarding his daughter carefully across the table.

"Alexis, there's no need to be so direct, Kate is just…." his words are cut short when her long red hair falls in a curtain over her face, though not quick enough to hide the eye roll before she's tucked the strands behind her ears, words falling from her mouth before the task has even been finished.

"So its 'Kate' now? Three weeks ago you couldn't even manage to say Beckett without grinding your teeth, and now she's back and all is forgiven? Four years, dad. You've been miserable for four years," Alexis replies, blue eyes both angry and worried at once, the line of her shoulders rigid and the color in her cheeks high as she demands an explanation and attempts to protect her father all in one go.

"Things change, you know that," Castle's voice remains gentle, an attempt to placate in a crowded restaurant where people have already turned their heads to look at their quarter, undoubtedly eager to see a real show unfold.

"Some things shouldn't," Alexis fires back, prompting her grandmother to lean over and rest a hand on the girls shoulder, "Because what happens when she leaves, dad? You told me once that the worst thing you ever did was let yourself follow Beckett, to get sucked in by her because avoiding it all would have saved you a lot of heartbreak. You told me that trusting her was the biggest mistake you've made in a life full of them, and I'm just trying to keep you from doing it again!"

"Alexis, darling," Martha's attempt to soothe her granddaughter go the way of Castle's, the girl shrugging away the woman's touch to drop her napkin on her plate, her chair pushed from the table with enough abruptness that a passed waiter has to turn sideways to avoid colliding with her.

"Sorry, Gram, but I don't feel much like eating," Alexis announces, stepping away from the table as the three adults watch in silence. Silence that lasts as long as it takes for the girl to move out of earshot.

"She's just worried, Richard," Martha says softly, "You were almost killed in our home, and after how things ended with you and Katherine so many years ago, how hurt you still are over it, Alexis is protecting you because she thinks you no longer care about protecting yourself. And, in that regard, I agree. I'm happy for you, I've always enjoyed having your company, Kate," she adds with an incline of her head, "but you both are rather reckless about all of this. It might not be your life on the line again Richard, but have you even talked? Figured out what happened before? Or is it just coasting along and hoping for the best? Communication was the problem last time, and I don't think anyone sitting at this table wants to live through the aftermath of a second breakdown."

"Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to find Alexis and take her back to the hotel," she adds, pushing back her chair with an elegance that belies the moment, "I hope I'll see the two of you in the morning, if not before."

Kate watches the woman leave with her heart in her throat, snatches of the conversation swimming through her brain. There is no hope in avoiding a conversation that she'd wished would have waited a little longer, but she is also at a loss for how to begin. How do you start a conversation about the future of a relationship when you aren't even sure what that should be?

"Kate," Castle's voice is close to the shell of her ear, his face hovering just beyond her peripheral vision. She can feel the heat from his body, sense the wet curl of his mouth just before it reaches the intended landing point of her cheek.

She turns her head away before he can kiss her, guilt flooding her stomach as her fingers untangle from his and both of her own hands clench together in her lap, the disappointment and worry now radiating from Castle heightening the air that is already thick with tension, "Beckett?" he voices her last name with confusion and a tinge of hurt, forcing Kate to close her eyes against the knot of emotion, her hair falling to obscure her face as she dips her head to take in the place setting.

It's all too much. The past history, the expectation that seems to be floating in the air that she is both his greatest inspiration and biggest setback. In less than a day she's gone from euphoric highs to a sudden drop that has wiped the wind from her sails, rough seas tossing Kate carelessly about so that she can't tell which way is up or down. Relationships have always been her shy point, too scared of the risk to place herself on the line, and now she's frozen with all of it - their history, the case, the swirl of emotions both from the indefinable point of her situation with Castle and practically everything else about the city and its inhabitants.

The urge to run is back, a great black chasm that threatens to swallow her whole because Kate isn't ready to leap, not into anything that requires more than teasing and some vague proclamations of a future that she's only given a fleeting thought too when caught with the idea that there would no longer be a future for her.

She doesn't know what she wants, except the shelter and peace that she somehow manages to find with Castle. But its fleeting, a deck of cards that are slowly toppling off balance, leaving her world off its axis and spinning uselessly into space. Castle deserves so much more than her empty promises and flights of fancy, the reserved way in which she cares for him, still walling off portions of herself even though she knows he is what she wants.

The trouble of it is that wanting him isn't enough. It's a fools game to assume it is.

"I can't do this right now, Castle," she whispers at last, regret dripping from the six words, "We can't have this conversation because you want to know things I can't answer, and I'm just going to hurt you and I don't….I've done enough of that already." Out of everything, that much is painfully clear. Nearly the only thing related to the writer next to her that she isn't confused about.

"I'm sorry," Kate whispers, lifting her head to give him a sad smile.

She's met with silence and eventually a nod as he lifts one hand to stroke the hard edge of her jaw before a soft press of his lips to the space between her eyebrows, "When you can, you know where I am," he says softly, lips brushing gently over the patch of skin, before he's signaling to the waiter to box up the food and their entree orders, busying himself with settling the bill and leaving Kate to see herself home with another soft brush of his mouth to her cheek.


"Javier Esposito, if you are smart you will put that down right now."

Lanie's voice has him coming up short of cramming the black and white cookie into his mouth, the crumbly item caught midway to his mouth. There's no doubt that she would make his life difficult for a few hours, likely give him one of her patented tongue lashings, but its almost worth it. Almost.

"Fine," he huffs, placing the cookie back on the wax paper wrapping as Tori snorts at him from her position by the computer, "And don't laugh at me, Tori," he adds, a smile stretching over his face as the resident tech whiz of the precinct merely continues to type away at the keys.

Being swamped with work, he'd recruited Lanie to bringing dinner from the deli near the morgue, and she'd gone beyond the requirement by also bringing two bags of snacks that would surely last for the long night that it appeared their ragtag band were headed down. Tori had gone to work on cracking the code of the USB drive the moment Agent Arrison had handed it over, while Ryan had ensconced himself and Sully into the media closet to scrub hours of footage from the hotel.

He was merely supervising - a making eyes at Lanie while she discussed an upcoming spa day with Tori and Jenny, complete with descriptions that he is sure are designed to make his imagination run wild.

It's too bad that is absolutely working.

"Alright, the protected file contains videos and photos, which is what is taking up most of the memory on the drive. We know already that the other items on the drive contain campaign records, which I've scanned and began a search that will flag anything suspicious," Tori begins, her breath catching in her throat on the last syllable, eyes popping wide, "Detective, your gonna want to see this."

"See what?" Esposito asks, hastily flinging his legs from their position at the edge of the table to leap to his feat approaching Tori's left shoulder just as Lanie reaches her right and gives a low whistle.

Rylee Matthew's face fills the screen, mouth open in obvious pleasure as another woman kneels in front of of her with her lips pressed to the smooth skin of the blonde's abdomen, fingers wedged in a position that is definitely responsible for the expression on her face.

"Who is the other woman?" he chokes out, ignoring the shrewd looks that the two women throw at him until Tori clicks ahead in the stream of photos, each progressively more graphic in nature until a clear shot of the woman is available and the trio all gasp.

"That's Elizabeth Tyne," Lanie says, "Member of Congress, and very married with several children."

"And now our primary suspect," he replies, phone already in hand and pressing the five to speed dial Beckett.



Song: 'Many The Miles' by Sara Bareilles from 'Little Voice'.



Additional Note:
удача
means thank you in Russian.


>