
A/N- Sorry it's been so long since I put a story up on the Harry Potter section. I'm going to try and update someother ones of my stories soon though. I hope you like this.

Disclaimer- Own no one. Never will.


'It can't be that hard, can it?'


Hermione stood impatiently by the Hogwarts Express waitng for Ron and Harry. It was only like them to be late on the day starting Fifth Year. Hermione sighed and tapped her foot to the beat of people walking by.

"Hermione!"

She turned around at the warming sound of Ron's voice.

"Ron! Harry! Where have you two been? I've been waiting and waiting. I thought you got in a wreck or something!"
she said, giving them each hugs as Ginny and Mrs. Weasley came up next to them.

"Well, hello, Hermione, dear. How was France? I very well did miss you this summer." Mrs. Weasley greeted, pulling her in for a hug.

"Did you do anything exciting?" Ginny asked, happily.

"I got to go visit old chapels and study the old witches and warlocks, but nothing else, really." Hermione said, handing Ginny a chocolate candy.

Ginny happily popped it into her mouth as the bell sounded for them to aboard. Hermione, Ginny, Ron, and Harry grabbed their bags.

"Hermione, look!" Ginny wispered, pointing to the end of the train.

"What?" Hermione said. She couldn't see anything but students boarding.

"It was Draco!"

"So?"

"Wow, he looks differant. He looks great!"

"Oh, come on, Ginny. It's Malfoy! Now, stop gawking at nothing and come on. We'll be late getting our compartment."

Hermione, Ron, Harry, and Ginny boarded up into there regular compartment. Since there first year, they've had the same compartment.

"So, Harry. Has Sirius written to you lately?" Hermione asked.

"Hermione, i wrote to you. I moved in with him two months ago! Didn't you get it?"

"Oh, I guess not. How's it going?"

"Good, we-"

But before he could finish. The compartment door opened and, of course, there stood Draco.


EOC

A/N- You like? Please Review
>