
A/N- Heyo! I'm just gonna update this story, how's that?
I am really bored so I'm just gonna get on with it.
I own no one. No one at all. Wow, I just noticed exactly
how big this page is. I should make the screen full size
when I write all the chapters!



Chapter 5



Hermione awoke quietly. The sun was streaming in the
window next to her bed. It was a nice room they had set
up for her. The bed was wonderful, it was a nice light
pink color with a heavy quilt folded at the bottom in
case she got cold during the night. The whole room was
pink as a matter of fact. The curtains on the window
were light pink silk.

The walls were stone but painted over with pink. There
was a dresser in the corner made out of antique oak and
lined with light mahogany and gold. There was a full oak
mirror in the corner near a desk that was set up with all
of the things that she would need for her studies.

Hermione sat up and stretched. She quickly got dressed and
headed into the common room to get her books. But she was
none too happy when she found that Draco was in there.
You know, she thought that maybe since he looked so well
she could focas on that and not care about his actions but
no, he was just too horrible.

Hermione quickly grabbed her books from the couch and went
to leave but she ran right in to Draco, sending them both
crashing to the ground. Draco jumped up to his feet, throwing
Hermione towards the couch.

"What do you think you are doing?! Crashing into me like
that? I could have been hurt." Malfoy yelled, straightening
his robes. His eyes glared into her as she picked up her
books.

Hermione chose not to say anything and just to sneak on back
downstairs and find Harry and Ron. And that's exactly what
she did. She sat acrossed from Harry and Rob, who handed
her her schedule. They had a few of the same classes this
year, unfortunatly, they were all with the Slytherins.

All of Hermione's classes had to involve Draco some how
since they are supposed to work together so even if Ron and
Harry (who had all the same classes together) didn't have a
class with them, Hemrione did.

"So, Hermione, I heard you have to live with Malfoy." said
Ron.

Hermione swallowed roughly, "Yeah, don't remind me. All he
did last night was pace. Back and Forth Back and Forth. His
shoes have this clicking sound that I could hear all night.
I hated it. I could hardly sleep."

Unfortunatly, they didn't have much time to talk since they
had to get to class. And they didn't have a class together
till third hour. Which was Potions. Hermione's first class
was Advanced Muggle Studies.

With Malfoy.

She gathered her books and headed up to the tower where the classes would be held. It was high up near the Astronomy tower. They had a new teacher this this tyear for Muggle Studies, Prof. Kriction. She came from the University of Muggle Studies in Manhattan, and Hermione couldn't wait to get started.

Her dreams shattered fast when she walked into the room.

"Hello! You must be Hermione." Prof. Kriction said merrily. "Have a seat! you must be the Gryffindor Prefect. There is your seat, next to Draco."

Hermione snapped out of her trance and walked slowly to her seat. Draco inched away slowly but she didn't notice. She was only focased on the fact that there were only four people in this class and the onlt one she knew was Draco.
>