



this is the final chapter. thanks for reading, again credits go to adventuremaker16 for the idea and for the oc Spencer Agabiti. It's been fun and i hope you guys enjoyed it as much as i have.




"Hello everyone." Momoka addressed her presence as she and Fuyuki returned from their own puzzle.

"You guys ok?" Natsumi approached them.

"Yeah. We just had to untangle ourselves from a huge pile of rubber bands. They were real big, took a lot of work to get free." Fuyuki explained.

"I was worried we might be stuck back there forever." Momoka added before hiding her blushing cheeks behind her hands. She would keep the moment of being tightly bound to Fuyuki forever in her memories.

"Looks like we all faced different things behind that closet door." Saburo stated still feeling bad for Keroro and Tamama.

"What do we do now?" Spencer asked.

"Giroro still isn't here and who knows when that will be since Kururu thought it would be fun to throw him off course." Natsumi huffed with arms crossed.

"Actually I might be able to get Kururu to pull him out soon." Mois suggested more than willing to help them.

"How?" Fuyuki asked.

"You could say manipulation is key." Mois answered.

"Well yeah, it's not like you can depend on asking the guy but how do you manipulate Kururu?" Natsumi urged for more clarity on the Angolian's plan. Mois simply smiled and walked over to the yellow frog. She wrapped her arms around his body and picked him up. Kururu was frozen as he was carried over to the others and set down in front of them. She then returned to the computer and typed away. Everyone watched surprised and curious.

It wasn't much longer before a mechanical arm dropped down holding a traumatized Giroro. His eyes were distant and pale. He had his arms gripped around his knees.

"What the hell did you put him through?" Natsumi yelled at Kururu who was still stunned by Mois' actions. Natsumi ignored him and ran past. Giroro was set down on the floor but slowly tilted to the side until he finally collapsed. It was like he didn't even know where he was. Natsumi slowly reached a hand closer and caressed his arm. "Giroro?"

"He was put into an empty maze. He didn't run into stuff like you guys but his own stress like ate through him." Mois explained. Everyone else tried to focus on other things and give them their moment alone, but they had also been wondering how this would eventually play out for the longest of times.

"Come on, I won't bite your head off." Natsumi whispered as she knelt down. She gave a small smile and lowered her eyelids. Giroro's eyes slowly moved to hers before snapping shut. His face burnt bright pink and he struggled to cover himself with his arm. Natsumi was quick to pull his arm back away. She blushed almost as much as he did. Seeing him react like a nervous school girl with a crush was different but cute and almost flattering. She leaned closer and kissed his cheek.

Giroro held his breath for a few seconds, processing what she did. All of the voices in his head, judging him and shouting in fear and anger, were silenced by her one kiss. He looked up at her still unsure of what to do.

"I never thought you would lose your mind over me." Natsumi giggled.

"But-" Giroro's voice was coarse. He found it hard to find what to say next. There were too many reasons why they shouldn't. He was confused.

"Yeah, I know. I kinda made it super hard to see didn't I? I must be as good as you." Natsumi joked. "But I... I like you Giroro. I'm not sure what happened to finally let me feel that, that love for someone. I think it was when I was doubting my real feelings for Saburo. I didn't see him as future boyfriend anymore."

"He told me what you thought of me, and that was really how you seemed to act to me. Like I was just a big brother." Giroro sulked back down a bit.

"I'm mad at him for telling you anything and he didn't even give you the whole speech." Natsumi glared back at Saburo who just whistled innocently and looked off somewhere else.

"What do you mean?" Giroro inquired further. His eyes large with hope and almost glistening.

"Last year I wasn't interested in Saburo any more. I went to tell him and it went on to how things were gonna be, especially since he told me that you were a little rude to him sometimes. He totally made it seem like he didn't know why but I can guess that now. I thought that you were probably just super protective because we're best friends and up until then I did kinda see you as close as a big brother." Natsumi winced before continuing. "I told him that my life kept changing lately and that's what led to my heart drifting away from him and towards... someone else."

"You said there was someone else earlier." Giroro sighed.

"I'm getting there. After I admitted my past crush for Saburo, I told him who it was." Natsumi blushed feeling awkward and guilty for her hearts whims and desires. "It was just an innocent curiosity at first and eventually I just couldn't stop thinking about it. I realized I loved all of the little quirky habits he has and the small gestures he gives me. I found out yesterday he could be a bit of a flirt." Natsumi teased. She gave a big smile and leaned close again. "But I think my favorite part is that I learned that he loved me first."

Giroro's eyes widened as he looked straight at her, processing every word. Natsumi didn't give him much time to think and closed the space between them with another kiss. Their hearts raced, finally free of their secrets. Natsumi wrapped her arms around his shoulders. Giroro slowly moved his arms to return her embrace but their moment was cut short.

"I think we can move on now." Kururu interjected and cleared his throat as he walked over to one of his many shelves. The frog couple burnt with embarrassment and pulled away from each other, at least until they could be alone later. "Maybe returning you to your proper species will remind you of the big dilemma in your new relationship. kukuku."

"Oh yeah I guess we can't stay aliens forever." Fuyuki chuckled lightly.

"This will make for good stuff on my show." Saburo commented from the side of the group, still edging away from Natsumi's glares.

"Here hold these." Kururu gave Natsumi and Fuyuki small yellow cubes.

"What now?" Natsumi asked with blunt impatience. Suddenly the boxes stung their ears with a high pitched ring. It only lasted a moment and the Hinata siblings were engulfed in smoke.

"Kururu wait!" Dororo and Koyuki acted quickly and rushed into the clouds with the nearest cloth they could find. The smoke cleared and revealed a surprised Natsumi and Fuyuki, naked except for the spare cloth. Natsumi found it hard to cover herself properly and used Giroro's skull emblem to help cover her chest.

"You jerk!" Natsumi shrieked as her skin turned red with anger and embarrassment. She fussed over the fabrics profusely until it just looked like a really bad DIY swim wear. Giroro nearly collapsed from his lightheaded reaction.

"Kukuuu, I don't have more stuff to cover everyone with so I'll just turn the rest of you later." Kururu laughed with himself over the recent incident.

"So they turned back at the same time, that means we tie." Keroro remarked halfheartedly over the loss of permanent gundam supply but relieved over the opposite outcome. He sprang out of the corner he had been hiding in.

"Actually Natsumi was turned first so she was a keronian longer." Kururu almost choked as he laughed even harder. Keroro felt the cold sweaty hand of fear on his back.

"Don't you pay any attention Mister Sergeant?" Tamama returned from his own corner having new found pity for his leader.

"What's that mean?" Fuyuki asked, having been left out of the loop often.

"He's agreed to make me curry once a week in whatever outfit I choose until I die. Kuuuu~" Kururu explained.

"Oh wow that's super embarrassing, I won't even punish you frog." Natsumi winced.

"Thank you for your mercy." Keroro whimpered. "Wait I just got a super smart idea! Let's use the ray to turn every pekoponian into a keronian and then we'll have invaded Pekopon instantly!"

"NO WAY!" Natsumi punched the top of Keroro's head until he kissed the floor. "We have enough frogs on this planet thank you!"

"That would be super cool though." Fuyuki had stars in his eyes.

"One more thing." Kururu interrupted once again.

"You have too much fun in leaving everyone in the dark don't you?!" Natsumi yelled.

"What is it?" Momoka asked.

"You can all still turn back and forth between keronian and pekoponian whenever you want." Kururu answered.

"Wow really?" Fuyuki looked at his hands and focused hard.

"Then why did we need to hold that stupid cube and change back in front of everyone!" Natsumi called out ready to kill.

"I needed to reset your body's molecular formation. If you recall my little box gave you a light vibration, but now both settings are stored in your brain and DNA. Kinda like switching between two versions of operating systems on your computer." Kururu explained further. Another cloud puffed in the lab and Fuyuki was a frog once again.

"Heck yeah! I did it!" Fuyuki showed off to Momoka. Natsumi changed back as well until she was in the privacy of her bedroom.

"All right let's turn everyone back to normal individually with their clothes." Giroro finally spoke up after he could clear his head.


After a while, most everyone returned to the living room in their normal forms. Natsumi was cooking up a snack as Keroro, Tamama, and Spencer watched robot shows. Fuyuki kind of watched with them but only peered at the tv every now and then over the pages of a book. Giroro sat outside at his tent feeding Ms. Furbottom and cleaning up the boxes of military stuff a bit.

"Go Optimus! Lead your team into battle and teach those guys a lesson!" Keroro jumped on the couch and cheered at the show.

"Kick some evil robot bootay!" Tamama cheered along and Spencer laughed. Happy to have new friends who share his joy of anime, robots, and gundam. Momoka had already left to handle a mess her army had gotten into thinking she was missing. Dororo and Koyuki went home to their cabin to train in her new form.

Saburo was last to return a human and decided to go work on new material for his show. "See ya guys, welcome to the group Spencer."

Everyone waved to him as he left. A short hour later, a knock was heard at the door. Fuyuki went to answer the door as the others listened.

"Hello, is my son Spencer here?" A woman's voice traveled down the hall.

"Yes, I'll get him right now." Fuyuki responded.

"I guess that's for me." Spencer stood up and turned to everyone. "Thanks again for the adventure."

"You're welcome over anytime." Natsumi smiled.

"Dude we'll totally take you to space sometime." Keroro gave a thumbs-up.

"YEAH!" Tamama agreed excitedly.

"Don't forget to hide your keronian side from people ok? We don't want you hunted by the men in black." Fuyuki suggested as he returned to the living room.

"Of course." Spencer gathered his things and dashed out. "Bye guys!"

"Oh yeah! We totally got another pekoponian under our charms." Keroro gloated.

"Who could resist you Mister Sergeant?" Tamama chimed.

"It's true, I'm the best." Keroro nodded.

"Yeah yeah, you're way better than everyone else huh." Natsumi remarked with heavy sarcasm.

"You just don't see that light yet miss Natsumi but I forgive you." Keroro ranted on.

"Whatever." Natsumi laughed as she placed a tray of snacks on the counter. She continued to the back door and kneeled down next to Giroro. She set out a plate of sliced apples on the second cinder block. "Here"

"Thanks." Giroro happily ate the fruit.

"So no more freaking out?" Natsumi teased.

"I'm still processing but I think the initial shock has worn off." Giroro looked at the ground. "I still can't believe it really."

"Well start believing." Natsumi kissed his cheek again.

"But, what about the race thing? Or the fact I have to invade your planet?" Giroro started loosing himself in the reasons not to.

"Hey, no more 'buts'. We'll just take it one day at a time ok?" Natsumi collapsed behind him and wrapped her arms around him. She whispered into his ear until he calmed down. "Besides I can turn into one of you now, so that's less of a race barrier right?"

"You're right." Giroro sighed. He laced his fingers with Natsumi's and grinned. "I...I love you."

"I love you too." Natsumi giggled. They both sat outside until long after the sun set. Uninterrupted and happy.


"Why the crap does this maid dress have the back skirt cut out?!" Keroro shouted as Tamama helped him tie the bow on the back.

"I think it's because it shows off your butt." Tamama tried his best not to chuckle.

"Stupid F***ing Kururu!" Keroro cursed.

>