


Summary: Due to the actions of favoritism by a certain spiky silver haired jounin Naruto sheds his mask of the loudmouth orange wearing blond we all come to know and love. What if he wasn't just the prince of Uzugakure no sato and Uzu no kuni, or the heir of the three founding clans that made Konoha what it was and son of the fourth hokage he is also the leader of Hellsing. Look out Konoha you've opened the proverbial Pandora's box and it's contents are waiting to come out.



God like Naruto. Cold, Dark, Calculative/Intelligent Naruto/Sharingan/Rinnegan Naruto/Multi bloodline wielding (gaining) Naruto/Bending Naruto. Sadistic, bloodthirsty and vampire/Kitsune hybrid



Elements from Bleach/Devil May cry/Naruto/Avatar the last air bender(Korra)/Hellsing Large Harem.



I do not own Naruto or Hellsing or the weapons or techniques portaied in any anime above except for O.C. Techniques and Jutsu



Author note: I've had this running in my head along with a what if Naruto and Hinata joined Akatsuki story during the chunin exams so you can expect that but these will be an interesting story in my eyes don't know why.


"fool" speak

'
hypocrisy
'
thought or telepathy


"
OVERLY AMBITIOUS FOOL
"
Angry Yell Demonic


'

Grrrrrrrr

'

demonic thought





00 Leaf village Hospital 00



"Kakashi-sensei!" the spiky haired jounin heard turning to see Naruto running his way from the counter of the hospital as the receptionist sneered with neither of them noticing his shadow grow darker and waver

"What is it Naruto?" he asked turning his attention to the book in his hands as he always had before since the foundation of team seven

"I was wondering if you could help me train for the finals of the chunin exams. I gotta get really strong to beat Neji" he said '
hopefully
' only to get shot down

"I can't Naruto. Sasuke needs my full attention for his fight against Gaia or he's going to die" he said with his focus still on the book in his hands

"But I'll die against Neji! You saw what he did to his cousin can't I at the least get a couple of scrolls to learn from then?" he '
pleaded
' just for his sensei to say

"No he needs them to fight against Gaia as well. And let's face it. The reason I don't want to train you is because you're a lost cause. You have only four usable jutsu that you throw around recklessly. No skill in taijutsu and you are absolutely deplorable in all other fields. The only reason the hokage let you become a genin was because he felt sorry for you. And I unlike that ignorant fool I will not let my name be sullied by wasting my time on a pathetic excuse for a glorified academy student" every word he said caused Naruto to grow angrier while his shadow shook vigorously with several large sets of crimson orange eyes to appear in it before they vanished after shooting the jounin a glare

His shoulders shook "so...that's it huh?"

He continued to speak about how Sasuke was the better choice when Naruto said "So that's how you feel shitty Hatake?"

He tried to reprimand him "Now you listen here geni-"

Naruto screamed catching every jounin and shinobi in the hospital and outsides attention "NO YOU LISTEN HERE HATAKE! AFTER ALL I'VE DONE FOR THIS SHITTY MOCKERY YOU HAVE THE NERVE TO CALL A TEAM! Who was the one to save your pathetic ass from a water prison when his jounin-sensei was so idiotic he decided to go into his opponent's natural element! Not Sasuke me! Who was the one who beat Haku again ME! And who was the one to stand against Orochimaru while the rest of the team was shaking like a little bitch in heat not Sasuke it was fucking me!"

Taking a breath he continued "you can't even bother to follow your own fucking motto you fucking hypocrite!'

Those who break the rules are trash...But those who abandon their friends are worse than trash

'. Well congradu-fucking-lations Hatake you and the rest of team seven are trash!"

Trying to save face in front of the other jounin and shinobi who were shooting him unsavory looks "Naruto I-"

"Don't you dare address me as if you know me Hatake! Only people I know are allowed to call me by my name. For scum like you its Uzumkai-sama got that!" he continued his rant "And on the concept of your little rag tag team or as you most likely claim it Sasuke and the cannon fodder. You don't even deserve the right to call yourself a sensei. Hell I bet Ebisu would be a better jounin than you even though he's just like the rest of the village and hates my guts. I mean what kind of sensei teaches his team one chakra control exercise and sends them to fight in the chunin exams. One fucking exercise Hatake! We were fighting Orochimaru for fucks sake we could have died because you blatant favoritism you Uchiha ass kissing son of a whore"

Growing angry he tried to scold him "That is no way to speak to your sense-"

"I don't see a sensei! All I see is an Uchiha cock sucker with sub standard skills. You know what? I'm done. With you. Team 7. With the bubblegum whore and your fuck toy! Pass or fail I will be getting a new team Hatake"

Stalking off from the hospital as everyone parted away from him to avoid his wrath kakashi reached for him only to get a cut on his hand as his book fell to pieces with Naruto's hair covering his eyes "Never. touch me again filth. Or I will kill you. My father was a fool to take you as a student"

Kakashi was shocked as he recovered he brushed it off ignoring the disrespectful looks everyone shot him he though going to grab Sasuke '
He didn't mean it. By the time of the finals he'll be back to his stupid Ramen loving self in no time
'



00 Konoha streets 00



'
Hypocritical fucker! How dare he claim I have no skill or worth as a shinobi!
' Naruto thought as he walked through the streets of Konoha

as he walked through Konoha's streets the civilians shot him glares filled with hate expecting him to shy away like always only for him to glare back with hate filled eyes as they burned with a cold fury making them flinch back

unfortunately for one grown man thought it would be funny to trip him and see him fall only for him to get a wicked bitch slap from the enraged blond they all decided to stay as far from him as possible as they made a way for him to not get the same result

'
Don't listen to him master. We all know your stronger than that pitiful human
' one soft voice said mentally as he sighed reaching his apartment touching the door knob he vanished



00 Namikaze Hellsing compound 00



When he reappeared in a flash of black he was in front of a large mansion. Compound was an insult to address it as such and it was quite a lovely one as well. Making his way inside he thought '
thanks Seras-hime. But it is taking everything I have to not brutally murder the one eyed fuck. Add to the fact that Hina-hime's cousin did what he did I was already wanting to drink the little fucks blood though it may taste like swill
'

'
Only your blood would be good enough master. Ah such a delectable bouquet and taste. Can we have some when we get situated master?
' another voice asked with a slightly more aged tone

'
Girls what did I tell you about calling me master. It's Naruto or naru-koi depending on how you want to call me
' he said hearing them sigh blissfully as he lightly cut his palm letting his blood fall into his shadow only for it to ripple

'
Hmmmmm naru-koi your blood is intoxicating. Though I wonder what that snake man's blood would have tasted like. I did hear snake tasted like chicken if prepared properly
' a crazed voice said only for him to hear the sound of a fist crash against a skull getting a groan from it

'
Get a grip Zorin master needs us to help him fully prepare for the finals. He's already a powerful he just needs to get back in the swing of things
' a more authoritative voice demanded only for him to groan

'
Integra why do you and the girls always do that?
' he asked only for a blond cat to hop onto his shoulder with black ears to show up on his shoulder with the most peculiar purplish/pink eyes that rippled outwards that showed mischief while it held a grin that could be compared to a Cheshire cat

Scratching the little cat under its neck as she spoke "oh Master-kun. We call you master because master hates being called master...master"

his eye twitched as the crazed voice said with a wicked looking scythe with a gloved hand appeared holding it as there were a series of tattoo's scrawled up and down the feminine arm '
I still hate the fact you all wouldn't let me spill the bastards intestines across ze hospital floor master
'

He sighed thinking as he remembered the day he met them '
the women I love all blood crazy and equally as lovely
'



00 flashback 00




a young blond haired boy ran in fear and terror as his breath was ragged, and heavy. The bitter winter night air stabbed his bare feet and exposed skin as every step he made another splatter of blood would partially melt the pristine snow.



His clothes consisting of black shorts and a white short sleeved shirt were not only dingy from months of collecting dirt and grime but also his own blood that came from his legs forehead and lip and various other wounds that were still fresh as they leaked his life energy. He only had one location in mind the hokage's mansion where his oji-chan would let him hid out.



When he reached the doors to the tower he saw several anbu that he recognized as the ones who hated him including a dog masked anbu that would lead the mobs to him instead of protect him. As he made a quick change in direction using the ice on the ground to help him get away something came over him.



He followed this mysterious intuition that told him to go to one place that not even Orochimaru had the gall to go to. The Hellsing Mansion...stories told of how they also assisted in the villages founding and even helped with the third war when all heirs suddenly died out. Though it is said people of Hellsing blood were those allowed to enter nobody has since the reign of the Shodaime Hokage.



Yet it is as if the castle like structure has been stuck forever in its prime with not a single wall was cracked or demolished. Many of the civilians and shinobi have tried to get in and use the belongings inside but every time they tried it would either kill them or leave them paralyzed with fear from even touching the gate.



He continued to run as he came to a large fortified fence with a large pentagonal seal. He heard the mob getting closer as his heart began to pound into his ears. In a panic his blood stained hands touched the gate feeling a pulling sensation when he thought '
if I'm going to go it's on my terms
'



When to his surprise the gate opened on its own. He didn't want to look a gift horse in the mouth as he slid through the gap and pushed the large oak doors inward slipping face first on the ice



struggling to get on his feet he ran on instinct looking over his shoulder as the shinobi got closer feeling several weapons stab at him when he reached a large cell door as he fell through the door and down the stone steps he felt something pierce his right shoulder as his blood splattered the shadowed figures as a loud chirping sound drowned out the loud slurps



The dog masked shinobi ripped his hand out of his shoulder and tossed him on the ground into what Naruto something that felt it was made of wood as he glared at the anbu with utter contempt and malice hoping the man would die a painful death in the most possible of ways



The Anbu said "Well well the demon really fucked himself over and got trapped in a dungeon. You took alot of people close to us demon, our friends, family's lovers and even children. And I'm going to make you pay!"



he shoved a kunai into naruto's left shoulder protruding through the other side eliciting a scream of agony making the man gloat "Like that demon! A special poison i got from the land of rice. Something not even your damndable healing can cure"



The man continued to gloat as the other's in the mob came to they're location as they brandished they're weapons when they heard several long agonizingly slow



*ssssssslllllllluuuuuurrrrrppppp*



Naruto and the mob froze as he sat in the center of several caskets with his eyes screwed shut



The noise came a second time when they noticed the sounds coming from the caskets surrounding him. The mob was so caught up in their 'revenge' that they didn't notice corpses in the room. The only thing that stood out at that moment was the bodies were perfectly preserved in time...and they were now bent over on their knees licking away at the blood that has pooled from his large assortment of wounds as they delicately lapped up the fresh blood as if it would vanish from the world again



"W-What the hell!?" was the shared thought as a random jounin said horrified at the sight. The brittle looking bodies began to regain structure as they showed the physique of very beautiful women. They continued to lap up the blood from a new source being directly from naruto's wounds as they were mindful not to cause him more harm as their tongues danced across every stab, every cut, and poison laced wound with care.



If anything they were dulling the pain he felt to a minor throb.



Having they're fill the figures stood at full stature as they ranged from a short 5'2 to a statuesque 6'2. The first and shortest was comparable to that of a teenage girl with blond hair and what appeared to be cat ears on top of her head wearing a uniform of sorts which just fit her slight curvaceous form and C-cup breast.



The second blond was a couple inches taller than her fellow blond wearing a similar uniform but instead of shorts she wore a skirt that barely came up to her thighs with white stockings. Her shirt strained against her impressive D-cup bust with both uniforms being in a vermillion to scarlet color.



The third was a messy orange haired muscular woman with a tan with odd markings on the left side of her skin as she wore a sleeveless black muscle shirt that showed off her muscular frame and firm D-cup breast and camouflaged jeans and combat boot.



The fourth was another blond but she had a look of pure professionalism and anger. She was a tall mocha skinned beauty wearing wire framed glasses and a grey suit showing her curves and high C-cup breast with a white blouse underneath and green tie as her hair came down below her butt.



The second to last be a long lanky bluenette who's hair went down to her feet with a lock of hair that stuck up in a curl at the top of her head. She was a beauty herself with her circular frame glasses that rested on her pale skinned freckled nose and blue eyes. She wore a black double breasted suit and long necked musket in hand with an enraged sneer marring her beautiful face.



And the tallest just coming above her by two inches standing at a statueqsue 6'2. She had pale skin that contrasted with her long ink black hair that came down to her thighs. She had orange-red eyes with ruby red lipstick on her lips. For clothing she wore what looked like a black leather straight jacket that left her arms free to move at her leisure that strained against her large E-cup breast and a pair of black pants and shoes.



The six recently deceased women took a look at the blond and unlike the mob who felt fear from the scene before them he didn't feel that. Instead he felt...safe, loved, wanted by the woman in front of him as his vision began to fade and felt his heart come to a crawl



looking away from the dying blond they turned to the mob as they're gentle gaze turned furious the tallest one turned to the bluenette she said "Rip. Tend to the young master's injuries and see what his status is"



she nodded and glided her way to Naruto who checked him over while the tall black haired beauty said "several thousand years we've slept when our last master placed us here in a death like state as our last master placed us here to tend to our future master. And guess what it is the first thing we see? Our master who can't be any older than four bleeding like a fresh slaughtered carcass as several grown men torture a child" Her angelic voice was laced with malice as her eyes sharpened glowing red



the dog masked shinobi who was in the back vanished while the rest stuck around as they were bombarded with killer intent unfortunately they didn't have that little voice in the back of their head that told them to run like a little bitch as one spoke "So these cunts want to protect the demon. Fine! Kill them all!"



the moment the first wave was all in reach a massive amount of blood was sent flying from the first six genin and chunin had their arms removed as she licked some of the blood that landed in the corner of her mouth she quickly spat it out in disgust saying "ugh taste like swill after having tasted master's lovely essence"



that action stopped the oncoming mob cold seeing her rip the arms off several shinobi without even moving "w-Who are you?" one of the remaining shinobi asked



A sadistic grin formed on all the women's faces showing they're glistening white teeth and sharp fangs even Rip's who continued to stop the bleeding for as long as she could. The tall otherworldly goddess said "To the world I was addressed as many things. Draculina, Nosferatu, Night Walker, Vampire, Queen of the night, the no life queen..." she listed. Taking in a breath "To our master we are his humble servants waiting for his orders and to you..." she paused as her grin grew longer "We are your nightmares given flesh."



Her grin grew dark as she said "But if you must know my name. Then let this name be one you take with you to the bowls of hell. I am morganna Tepes" with her peace said she charged through the mob as she removed limbs, and the sound of breaking bones and crushed skulls all with minimal effort as her white gloves remained pristine as if they were freshly washed.



When she was finished she was quickly put in a hurry "Morganna! It's the master he's been poisoned very severely. It's gotten into his bloodstream and through his heart. We can't do anything to help him"



She cursed crushing a skull that remained complete as she held they're new master's head on her lap "damn it we can't lose him not when he just wakes us up"



"What if we turn him? He would still be our master and perform his shinobi duties. If anything it would make him stronger than any ninja could ever dream of. And for some reason I'm sensing another essence in his blood" Integra said with her contemplating the thought when she saw him cough blood



She relented and had the other's assist her in his change as they heard a cracking sound as the process continued she thought '
I will not lose our new master. Our last master promised a strong willed man as our husband and when we tasted his blood I knew he was the one. We will not lose him
'



Once the process was complete they covered their eyes seeing his body being covered in a ball of light as it died down it showed they're new master had gone through a change.



His hair was long and spiky while it was no longer blond but blood red with blond tips and black streaks. He had pale skin though it is common for an Uzumaki he was even paler. His whisker marks were thicker. Jutting from his upper lip were two fangs that were incredibly sharp as were the nails on his hands and feet. The thing that really got the girls attention was the nine long red tails coming from his spine and two long red fox ears attached to the top of his head



His eyes were no longer the lovely sapphire blue the girls were entranced by but instead they were a captivating purple that rippled outward with black wisps flowing through it



he tried to remain amongst the waking as he looked around as his eyes landed on them and were relieved that he wasn't afraid of them and hasn't tried to get out of they're grip.



Unlike the grins they sported before that bordered on the deranged these were gentle and loving smiles soothing his fears though he was slightly worried they could understand while morganna said "rest now young master. We would never dare dream of hurting you. Sleep for when you awaken all your questions shall be answered"



her voice was like velvet as he complied letting his eyes shut as she picked him up as they all traversed the shadows to the master bedroom that had they're coffins as the entire bedroom and bed's dominant colors were black and red



Removing his dirtied clothes in favor of a simple shirt and sweatpants were a deep grey with red stripes running up the legs on the sides while the shirt was a deep blue. Though they were severely displeased at the state of his health as he was malnourished as they could see his bones and ribs from all angles after they had bandaged him to help jumpstart the healing process



Gently placing him between the soft silk sheets she turned to Rip and Zorin who had their weapons already at hand. Zorin had a long scythe that had incredible reach while Rip carried a long barreled flintlock musket gripped tightly in her hands.



She said "I want you and Zorin to watch over the young master understand? Anyone who finds this room you two are to kill them without hesitation"



Rip said "but lady Morganna what about the people who were genuinely kind to our master? They're going to be worried and look for them"



she nodded seeing his memories through the blood they drank and saw the people who were kind to him and were especially sweet to him "if any of them appear then keep them safe as well but otherwise no mercy"



they nodded giving her a salute as she nodded with Morganna and the others left out of the room and through the halls like vengeful spirits exterminating any and all threats to they're master as Zorin sat in a chair against the wall as Rip combed a hand through his now long spiky hair being surprised by the feel



"Zorin you must feel ze master's hair! It's feels like fur from an incredibly soft animal" she exclaimed as Zorin was already fighting the urge to do so only to submit and do so still sitting her chair only now by his bedside rubbing his head as she accidentally brushed against his new ears as he purred



"Oh our new master iz so cute isn't he!" Rip exclaimed getting Zorin to nod in affirmation



Naruto finally had returned to the land of the living as he opened his eyes to new unfamiliar surroundings as he remembered the events that had previously transpired



the first thing he noticed was his attire going from the dirty and bloody shorts and shirt as he now wore sweatpants and shirt. The second thing he noticed was the dull light fading from the curtains as he thought '
did I sleep for an entire day?
'



and the last thing he noticed was that he had bloody bandages on his person from the wounds he's suffered that had already healed were now dulled to phantom pains that would usually take him a week at the least to fully heal



"Ah your awake excellent" a familiar voice from he remember from last night that caused his head to snap in that direction to the point he wasn't sure if he died or not though he must have because he was in the presence of angels. Standing alongside the wall that and doorway were the other women he saw from before but one had changed in clothing.



She now wore a large red bordering black coat that split into two tails at the end and a white blouse with a black vest that strained against her generous bust, long pants and dress shoes that accentuated her curves and long legs. On the breast pocket of her vest were glasses. In his opinion they were all quite beautiful like that snake lady who would always be kind of him and the two cat and weasel masked kunoichi who would protect him, and the girl he would always bring injured animals to her to heal them.



Morganna caught him eying his wounds as she answered his unspoken question "vampire saliva containing many powerful healing properties if we wish"



Asking slightly worried "so all the things that had happened last night were real?"



they nodded to his question "and those people from earlier...you killed them?" he didn't feel any remorse or sorrow for the people who died that night as they tried to kill him for containing the Kyuubi which he was already aware of as the seal was so strong he absorbed it making him the new Kyuubi as it left him a scroll on his abilities and a summoning scroll



She nodded saying "that's right they tried to bring harm to our master. And such actions just simply couldn't go unpunished" she had explained with conviction



confused he asked "...Master?" they grinned as they approached his bed sitting beside him as Rip sat behind him with her legs wrapped around his waist and started to comb a hand through his hair as he began to purr softly much to the girls pleasure as he leaned back against her chest



"You see master when those monsters hurt you your blood landed on us it woke us up as we smelled and tasted your blood as a child of the Hellsing family with a high enough concentration of your blood could wake us. Though it was promised that when you were born should something have happened to your parents you'd be placed in our care here at the mansion to raise you as your servants and wives from now to forever as Draculina whatever orders you give we will perform master" Seras said as she bowed lightly only to get flicked in the forehead lightly seeing him deadpan with his tail extended



"I don't like formalities. If I am to be your husband's than you must understand you aren't my slaves but you are given time my wives and friends. If you can't help but address me as something either do Naruto or Naruto-kun" he said making them happy that he accepted them despite what he experienced last night



Integra smiled and thought for a moment seeing him she thought '
oh he's going to be quite the attractive young man. If I sensed anything in his blood he's going to have a lot of wives which we don't necessarily mind
' they were also pleased that he didn't dismiss them so quickly and shut them away inside they're caskets deep in that cell like the other children of Hellsing



He then picked up on something they said "wait...who are my parents?"



Morganna and the others raised an eyebrow as the girl with cat ears asked "you don't know your parentage?"



He shook his head somberly "I was told I was an orphan. Every time I would ask the old man he would say they were heroes but he would claim he never knew their names or knew them personally"



Zorin asked "Old man? Who is zes old man?" as the other's were wondering the same thing but chose to remain silent while the queen of vampires answered



"He's the hokage. Naruto calls him old man because he's raised our dear husband since he was born spending what free time he could with him" she said looking at Naruto who nodded with a smile



"I should go see him so he knows I'm alright. He's probably worried" he thought out loud



"Then we shall follow. Lord hokage has quite a bit to answer for as to why your just now finding your birthright and your lack of knowledge pertaining to your lineage" Integra said in a won't take no for an answer as he nodded only to wince



"Okay though I may need to change my bindings these feel rather sensitive. And some clothes as well" he said as they nodded with Schrödinger removed the bandages and got him a fresh set while the others were looking through the building for suitable clothing to wear



While they were gone he spoke to the two remaining girls in his company and asked "who are you two by the way?"



The two girls smiled with the cat girl stop for a moment as she bowed before him "I am Schrödinger Naruto-kun and I will always be by your side"



The taller girl brought cheek against his and nuzzled as she said "I am the huntress Rip Van Winkle. My bullets always hunt without distinction mine dear fuzzy love"



He nodded with a smile as they already knew he was a fox from his memories as the feline tended to his bandages when the girls returned with a smaller male version of Morganna's clothing



"Here you go Naruto. We'll go and let you get dressed in privacy" she said as they all vanished making him smile in appreciation while changing as he now wore a pair of black pants that had two belts keeping them up with black dress shoes that had steel covering over the toes and a silver chain connected to a belt loop leading to his pockets. For a shirt he was now wearing a black button up shirt and a black sleeveless vest and black tie. To complete the outfit he also wore a black coat similar to Morganna's except his was in black



Walking out the girls gave a wolf whistle in appreciation seeing how well dressed he was with blond hair as he changed back



"You're looking good Naruto-kun. I simply can't wait to see what you look like when you're older" Morganna said eying him as he turned scarlet



Letting the good moment last a little longer Integra said "alright now we're going to the Hokage and get some answers so let's get a move on"



He paused as he said "aren't people going to wonder why six women that haven't been seen before are traveling with the demon brat"



Contemplating on this and understood where he was coming from as they wanted as little trouble as possible so Schrödinger proposed "why don't you all follow him by his shadow and I'll just do this"



in a puff of smoke as it dispersed where the cat girl once stood was now a blond furred cat with black ears and tail as it hopped onto his shoulder rubbing itself against his cheek purring loudly as the girls melded into his shadow all the while glaring at Schrödinger who gave a feline smirk



Once they've all settled in Integra said through they're new mental connection "Naruto-kun with us connected to you no harm will come your way. Now head to the hokage and we can explain everything there okay?"



he nodded with a smile as he ran through the halls and through the large black oak double doors and the large steel gate as it shut behind him preventing any intruders from desecrating it's new master's abode




00 hokage's office 00




For Naruto the trek through Konoha was the usual glares and harsh whispers that since his birth were things he could handle as they were only words. But for the girls they had to restrain themselves albeit barely from permanently dying the streets of the village with they're blood. But for the safety of their husband and master they decided against it unless someone tried to cause him physical harm.



He walked through the halls of the hokage's mansion and came face to face with the hokage's main office as he knocked getting permission to enter



As he walked through the door the girls saw an aged man who looked to be in his late sixties early seventies as the liver spots on his person were quite evident.



The leader had a look of worry on his face as he had yet to see his surrogate grandson until he looked up and snatched the young boy into a hug which the girls were happy to see as someone in this village cared about him as much as they did



"Oh Naruto my boy. I was so worried! I should have walked you home last night instead of trusting the village to not try something while you were alone. Are you alright...nothing broken and where did you get those clothes?" he asked in a single breath



Letting the young boy down Naruto heard Integra's voice '
Naruto-kun tell him to get rid of the Anbu in his office and put up a silencing seal and we will explain everything
'



he did as she said as the guards on all four corners of the office vanished while the room glowed a soft blue when the hokage asked "Now Naruto-kun what was so important that you had me remove my guards and place the silencing seals?"



Before the young boy could answer an authoritative voice cut in "We wanted to have some words with you Hokage-sama"



he looked around when the cat that had hoped to his desk when he hugged Naruto jumped in the air as it transformed into a girl with blond hair while looking down Naruto's shadow shook as several women appeared from it



As Integra adjusted her glasses Rip went to take they're young master into her lap again as she combed her hand through his hair again "As you must be wondering as to who we all are I'll introduce ourselves. I am Sir Integra Fairbrook Wingates Hellsing. Temporary leader of the Hellsing family and organization"



The dark haired woman next to her said with a large predatory grin said "I am Morganna Tepes. Or if you prefer the no-life-queen and servant to the Hellsing organization"



The bluenette massaging the content Naruto's scalp said in a thick accent "I am ze Huntress Rip Van Winkle marksman of the Hellsing family and servant to our master"



The blond that had once been a cat said "guten tag I am Schrödinger like the other's I am a servant to our young lord"



The bustier blond said "I am Seras Victoria a vampire and servant to the Hellsing family"



the orange haired woman looked out of the corner of her eye to the kage looking at her expectantly as she helped rub Naruto's scalp said "I am Zorin Blitz vampire to our master"



Once Sarutobi heard the name alone he already knew they had something of importance but hid it saying "Well as you already know from young Naruto. I am Sarutobi Hiruzen the Sandaime Hokage, and I must thank you for looking after him seeing as he didn't have those clothes. And what do you mean by master?"



Integra took a seat on the couch as she lit a cigar as she exhaled "We address him as our master because his father was our master before him as was his mother. We gave him those clothes because it is befitting of a Hellsing to dress properly. And thirdly and most importantly"



the air got thick as she shot him with killer intent "


WHY THE HELL WASN'T HE INFORMED OF HIS LINEAGE TILL HE WAS ON THE VERGE OF DYING LAST NIGHT! IT WAS ORDERED BY HIS FATHER AND MOTHER THAT SHOULD SOMETHING HAVE HAPPENED TO THEM HE WOULD BE PLACED IN OUR CARE TO RAISE HIM!


"



The hokage tried to reason his actions saying "His parent's had a lot of enemies and I didn't want them trying to cause him harm"



This didn't help his case as the air got thicker "


HE HAS ALREADY SUCUMB TO HARM! WHEN WE HEALED HIM WE SAW THAT HE IS SEVEARLY MALNURISHED! AND IT WASN'T YOUR OR YOUR STUDENT'S SAY WHEN NARUTO TOOK THE MANTLE AS HEAD OF THE HELLSING NAME! AND AS FOR THOSE PATHETIC HUMANS WHO WOULD LATER ATTEMPT TO HARM HIM WOULD MEET AN END BY US AS HIS SERVANTS


"



"But-" he said till he was cut off as Integra raised a gloved hand as she shot him a glare "You will tell Naruto of his parents or we will do it ourselves. And I expect you to give him everything that belongs to him as it should have when he was born money, jutsu and weapons included"



He could tell by her tone that this was non-negotiable as he said looking at Naruto "Naruto remember when you would always ask who your parents were and I would say I didn't know?"



He watched the young boy nod as he was afraid of losing the trust of someone he saw as one of his own children "you see that was a lie. Your father was the fourth hokage Minato Senju Namikaze Hellsing the man who sealed the nine tails away inside of you at birth. And your mother was Kushina Uzumaki Uchiha. My student had advised against you knowing of your heritage until you were older promising he would look after you though judging from how the look of confusion on your face has to go by anything you have no idea who that is?"



He shook his head when he had an epiphany saying "wait does he have long white spiky hair in a pony-tail?"



He nodded as the young boy said "yea I met him a year ago saying for the orphan brat of a extinct island whore to stay out of his sight"



while the girls already knew and decided to beat the toad sage senseless when he returned but for the hokage this was astonishing for him to call the woman his student loved dearly as such and would tear it out of his ass next time he saw him



He walked towards the portrait of his Naruto's father and asked "Naruto do you understand why your father did what he did at the time despite the villagers not following his wish?"



Everyone turned their attention to Naruto as his bangs covered his eyes till he looked up when he dispelled the illusion again as he took his real form shocking the aged kage



"I think so. Do I like the fact that I was chosen...no. But if I was the one in his position I could see why he chose me. As a leader and father how can you ask someone to sacrifice their child to go through with the sealing if he himself were unable to do so himself? Unlike the other villages he didn't make me a Jinchuuriki to act as a weapon but as a guardian of the village. I still wish to be hokage but I'm not going to seek the acceptance of everyone who don't care about you because of something so stupid. I know that if someone were to go through what I did and they knew he was of some royalty or clan they would kiss their ass to get on they're good side. Only to the people who can see past that are the reason I intend to protect those who can't. For those can't get over they're petty hate aren't worth my time and if they got a problem with it they can kiss my ass" he said with a cold indifference befitting a leader



He nodded as he and the girls smiled. He grabbed the photo revealing a safe that held several scrolls, one customized Durandal modeled after the German große Messer with a motorcycle gear shift. And a chokutō.



He gave the belongings to Naruto and said "the great sword is Red Queen and the chokutō is Akai kōgō used by your mother and how she got her title as the Chi no aka shi. In the red scroll with the swirl are the sword styles used for both swords. The black scroll holds the bloodline of Sharingan with limiters that will release themselves when it feels you're ready. In the yellow scroll is your fathers two signature jutsu along with various other techniques he and your mother had collected since they're days as genin. Let me say this they've gathered so many scrolls from taijutsu to kenjutsu along with the Uzumaki sealing scrolls and the Uzumaki legendary summoning scroll"



As Naruto held those items in his hands he never felt closer to his parents than at that moment as he smiled quickly giving the aged kage a hug



Being released he said "we can keep this meeting a secret seeing as the council likes to do a lot of things behind my back. And Seeing as your the heir of all three clans and the heir of the organization of Hellsing you will need multiple wives though seeing as you have quite a few already at the least you are going to need are ten with the most being sixteen"



you could hear the perversion in his voice though Naruto was to innocent to notice it the girls did as they shot him a glare making him back off as he concluded the meeting "alright. That is all Naruto and also for what it's worth I apologize about my student's unacceptable remark about your mother" he felt Jiraiya didn't have the right to be considered Naruto's godfather after finding out about that



He nodded with a smile saying "it's okay Jiji though I'm getting tired after today I need some sleep"



he chuckled saying "that's to be expected. I'm going to get out of your hair Naruto sleep well my boy"



that was the day everything changed for the better




00 end flashback 00




'Hello earth to naru-koi you there?
' Seras said as her hand knocked against his forehead till he gave a long lick on her arm making her retract it quickly

'
Yeah I'm here girls just going for a walk down memory lane is all. So I gotta get back to my standards after all I did drop being around those three for so long
' he responded walking into the compound

'
Though I have to ask are your familiars still keeping an eye on Hinata? Her father is an ass and I fear that should he wish to take his frustrations out on her this village is going to lose an clan head in the most gruesome of fashions
' It was no surprise Naruto cared about Hinata as a love interest as he wanted to keep her safe in fear of the village being unable to hurt him they would hurt him through someone he loved

'
Of course Naruto. My Baskerville hounds have been keeping their eyes on her hospital room from the shadows and outside her room if they see someone or something they will alert me
' morganna said making him nod as they came from his shadow letting him bathe and getting cleaned up wearing a pair of Anbu pants with a sleeveless muscle shirt

Thanks to the training and the nutritious meals comprised of things other than ramen. And blood to satisfy his vampire thirst till he had grown strong enough to go out and hunt for himself which thanks to their training and his blood as a vampire and kitsune along with his family blood in his systems he grew at an exponential rate to where at the age of five he was a jounin and at the time he hit the third year of the academy he was a kage in everything they had to teach or was on par with them

"Hope you're ready Naruto-kun because we're going to work you harder than you ever have before" Rip said as the girls shared an identical grin making him slightly nervous causing him to quiver as the three girls laughed in sick pleasure thinking '
why kami why?!
'



00 Day of the finals 00



It was the day of the final exam and all fighters had trained every hour they could to prepare. The weather took an impromptu change as the sky grew dark with a light drizzle as lightning rolled along the skies while a thick fog rolled across the ground and despite the change in weather nothing could go wrong

Sadly for the oblivious this is a day that would forever prove them wrong

"THE FIRST ROUND OF THE CHUNIN EXAMS WILL NOW COMMENCE WILL NARUTO UZUMAKI AND NEJI HYUUGA PLEASE COME DOWN!" genma shouted as Neji stood there with a confident smirk



00 in the stands 00



"I wonder where Naruto and Sasuke-kun are?" ino asked as sakura scoffed

"Who cares about the stupid baka! He doesn't even deserve to be in the same arena as Sasuke-kun" she said till she was blasted with killer intent by seven figures

"I'd watch what you say about my Naruto-koi if I were you haruno-san" a familiar voice came as the other jounin and genin turned to see Hinata in the accompaniment of six beautiful women though Morganna now had a pair of orange tinted glasses and a large red fedora

Although the biggest shock of all was Hinata. Her hair was longer as it went to her mid back. She also forsake the beige oversized coat for a lavender one that was left open revealing a skintight muscle shirt and a pair of tight Anbu pants with high heeled sandals though her skin tone had gotten remarkably lighter

Sakura made a rebuttal "oh if it isn't the silent princess why do you care about that baka he's just going to lose because he's weak"

"If he's so weak than what does that say about you then whoruno?" Hinata said shocking everyone as they watched her and the other's take a seat next to her while she sat next to Kurenai

Anko whistled as she looked at the girls checking them out saying "and who are you girls? I don't think I've seen you all before"

Integra who was closest to Hinata said "I am Integra, the girl wearing red is Morganna, the two blonds in order are Seras and Schrödinger. The orange haired girl is Zorin Blitz and the blunette is Rip Van Winkle. We along with Hinata-san came to cheer on our fiancée"

they all looked at Hinata who jestured to the ring on her finger getting an appreciative whistle from the girls as she said "yup he proposed during the break before the finals and he should be here"

Pointing to the sky she counted down "Three...Two...One..."



00 arena 00



The storm clouds began to swirl as black lightning began to dance across the clouds while Genma said "NARUTO UZUMAKI YOU HAVE ONE MINUTE TO GET HERE BEFORE YOUR DISQUALIFIED!"

before the minute was up a large bolt of black lightning struck the center of the ring making both contestant and proctor jump on the wall as the lighting crackled across the floor while the sound of screeching bats and the howling of the wind began to surge in the center of where the burst of electricity hit as a large whirlwind to surge as the bats converged in the eye of the wind



00 stands 00



"hehe showoff" Hinata muttered as the others chuckled while Anko was mesmerized. Anko was someone who always looked out for Naruto since his childhood and overtime began to feel attraction towards him especially when she was in the medical ward of the tower after her dealing with Orochimaru nobody visited her but him and Kurenai making her rather happy that someone cared

"True but it is one of the reasons why we love him Hinata-san" Morganna said with a large grin that seemed to mirror Anko's own as all the girls who were aware of who was about to appear



00 arena 00



as the bats started to form a human figure the sky was no longer black it was a crimson red with black clouds drifted through the sky while the moon giving off a crimson glow as it floated in the ocean above

As the wind died down the bats began to peel off someone's form. First at the thigh, then the chest, and last the eyes which were shut. Once they snapped open his eyes showed they were a captivating violet that rippled outward with black wisps and while the pupils weren't round instead they were cat like. His energy pulsed outward causing the bats to disperse to show the person underneath as all the women turned crimson. He even heard some girls whisper "
Damn he's fine!
" that had him chuckling

The figure was obviously male with one gloved hand in his pocket while the other was on his waist showing the gloves were fingerless with metal rings at the end of each finger. He had long spiked blood red hair with yellow tips and black streaks that reached down to his lower back and a pale complexion. He was muscular but not like that of a wrestler but more so as a professional swimmer or runner.

He wore a black button up shirt with silver lines running through it and a black vest with a black tie with his Konoha headband was tied around his neck with a black cloth. He wore black pants with two belts holding them up with a fox head acting as a buckle with two silver chains hanging from a loop and going into both pockets. He also wore a long black hooded coat with white serpents rising from the hip on both sides of the coat leading up to the hood with they're maws open wide as he pulled the hood over his head the only thing visible was his whiskered face and his eyes through the shadows.

On his back was a large customized Durandal modeled after the German große Messer with a motorcycle gear shift(Imagine Devil may cry's red queen). While he had a chokutō on his hip. With some elongated apparatus hanging in a leather carry on strap was some red metallic device.

Genma after recovering from the impromptu arrival said "Your name?"

Giving a dull side glance to the bandanna wearing man he said "Naruto Uzumaki Uchiha Senju Namikaze Hellsing at your service...Am I late?"



00 stands 00



"No way that's Naruto! Damn where has he been hiding that shit man!" Kiba shouted with wide eyes though a smirk came to him as he knew Neji was about to get thoroughly humiliated

"The dobe is lying there is no way he's related to two great clans and the fourth! He's just trying to make himself look cooler than Sasuke-kun!" sakura said though ino and tenten couldn't stop ogling him and Hinata and the girls were openly giving wolf whistles

"Damn Gaki got hot look at those muscles!" Anko said as Rip tapped her on the shoulder getting her attention saying "Naruto-kun is ze heir of five families. If zou are willing he will need a bit of help"

they knew Anko liked him and she wanted her chance while Ino and Tenten wanted a chance to really get to know him as a child people kept pulling them away from him



00 contestant's booth 00



"Naruto...Uzumaki" a red headed girl said. This was Subaku no Gaia youngest daughter of the Yondaime Kazekage and jinchuriki of the Ichibi no Shukaku. She was a fair 5'2 with blood red hair that was done in a high spiky ponytail that came down to her neck with a bang coming over her right eye leaving the left eye visible showing she had sea green eyes with black rings around them showing the signs of being a Jinchuuriki of the one tails or the fact that she hasn't had sleep in some time

She wore a fishnet bodysuit that went down to her upper thigh and a kimono that went down to her mid thigh with a belt wrapped around her waist to grant her movement along with a red coat that covered her left shoulder leaving her right bare and a pair of high heeled Suna sandals with her gourd strapped to her back

She felt he had changed though he still had that will power that conviction of his made her heart flutter though her '
mother
' kept ranting about how he would betray her making her hesitant to act.

The other genin were shocked though it was her sister temari's comment that solidified her resolve "how did he go from blond loudmouth to redheaded Adonis? I wonder if he's single?"

she shot her sister a glare as she backed off though she was snickering mentally as both of them heard the comment Hinata and the other bluenette said about him having those clans to rebuild and decided to say to hell with '
mother
'



00 Arena floor 00



"You didn't answer...Am. I. Late?" Naruto asked slowly making genma shake his head in a negative

"No you're right on time. Though I gotta admit kid that was one hell of an entrance you made nice work on the genjutsu with the change in the sky" he said getting a smirk from Naruto

"Took a bit of doing but that was no genjutsu. Anyways I know we all have quite a few fights to get through so shall we get started?" Naruto said taking a cigarette from his breast pocket and lighting it with a spark of fire that appeared on his index finger shocking everyone

he nodded saying "The first match of the chunin exam finals will now commence! Naruto Uzumaki Uchiha Senju Namikaze Hellsing V.S. Neji Hyuuga! Fight!"

"You should give up now. Fate has already decreed me the winner as a failure such as yourself is fated to lay at my feet" Neji said though Naruto started to laugh like a mad man unsettling him

"Funny talk for someone who was being pushed back by a supposed failure. Should she have done a single handsign you wouldn't have been able to even shit unless she disabled the handsign. And even though her clan stopped trying to teach her the clan's '
great
' taijutsu she still had your back against the wall. Though if her failure of a father were to have realized she was more flexible than a standard Hyuuga and helped her by adjusting the stances to suit her you would have long since lost. But again her father like yourself are a failure" Naruto said snickering as he exhaled



00 stands 00



Everyone was shocked by Naruto's comment about the head of the Hyuuga clan as Asuma commented "the boy's got balls of steel to say that with the clan heads watching"

Integra nodded saying "though it is true as we've watched her train. If her father were to have realized this she would be the one standing down there instead of her cousin"

Kurenai looked at Hinata who had an emotionless face as she stared down at the arena floor she said "Hinata is this true?"

She nodded saying "yes. My clan stopped teaching me a long time ago. I would go to guy-sensei when he wasn't training his team but he had no styles that suited me. Then during the month a day after Naruto visited me at the hospital I was discharged and he and I spared together. He helped me adjust my taijutsu and I taught him the gentle fist. I gotta admit if he had a proper sensei in the beginning I shiver to wonder how differently he would have turned out"



00 arena floor 00



"Please that failure deserves to die for what happened" Neji stated going into the tales of his past with his father's death at the hands of Kumo for saving her. And with him being branded by the caged bird seal

"so now you understand why your fated to lose" he stated only to hear snoring making him look to see Naruto's head slowly bob up and down with a snot bubble inflate and deflate

Naruto jerked awake yawning as he said "oh sorry I suddenly heard a brat bitch and complain and I couldn't help but fall asleep at the rather dull story. If you're going to talk give up otherwise make your move"

Enraged he charged at Naruto with his Byakugan flared trying to hit him only to grow frustrated as Naruto just ducked and slapped away his hits without moving from his spot

Having enough Naruto leaned back and kicked him in the chest sending him flying into the wall behind him

"So much for last year's genin of the year. Though I guess I expected to much oh well" Naruto said as he threw several shuriken at the cloud of smoke only for it to disperse seeing a spinning ball of chakra block them



00 Hyuuga booth 00



"Father isn't that?" Hanabi Hinata's little sister asked as she eyed they're clan's infamous eternal defense in action as he span

Nodding he said "indeed it is. I don't know what lies that boy is spewing about being Minato's boy but he will lose to Neji though to see such talent wasted on the side branch" he shook his head



00 arena floor 00



"so that's your clans special technique you all brag about? That's another thing about clans they get a big head and show they're clans techniques for the whole shinobi world to see giving your enemy multiple chances to observe and dismantle your techniques" Naruto said once Neji stopped spinning as he threw another series of kunai

"foolish!" Neji said as he performed the kaiten making Naruto smirk

"seal set two!" Naruto said as wires came from his gloves as he swung his arms making the wire connect with the wall of chakra as many expected them to get torn or deflected they instead absorbed the chakra while cutting Neji

"you see? Should somebody with the ability to absorb chakra your eternal defense becomes rather redundant and let's not forget the obvious problem you face with that" Naruto said as he charged at Neji making him do the kaiten again only for the same thing to happen but he continued to spin having difficulty slowing down he was given a kick to the chin with two front kicks as he leapt into the air as he gave him a final kick to the head making him go fall to the ground head first causing the ground to shake with large spider web cracks to form on the ground



00 stands 00



"Damn what did Kakashi teach the kid it looks like he hits harder than Gai!" Asuma said only for Hinata to respond

"I've seen Kakashi. And when Naruto came to visit as I asked who was training him he said he didn't want to sully his name by training a failure and chose to train in Naruto's words '
his one student over the two cannon fodder
'" she said getting the other genin to look at her and sakura who denied it

"He's lying Kakashi-sensei taught us" she said

"Then tell me what has he taught you that you used during the chunin exams? Name a form of ninjutsu he's taught you?" she said leaning down till she was eye level with sakura with a Byakugan enhanced glare

"He-He taught us the tree climbing exercise!" "During a C turned A-rank mission next!" "Umm Teamwork exercises!" "Which help how? Hell ino has better teamwork with her two teammates. Since your team formed you, the Uchiha and your sensei showed nothing but resentment towards him as he did all the work" Hinata said debunking every remark she could come up with

"What else has he taught you? Has he helped you find your affinities or helped you find a field you would specialize in?" she asked

"Yea he taught us our elemental affinities and fields we could specialize in" "then what were you your affinities? I know the Uchiha's are Katon and Raiton as all of them had them. What about the two of you?" "I have a Doton affinity and Naruto-" "he didn't even give him a sheet did he? and what fields did he say you specialized?" she asked again only for the pink haired girl to put her head down

"As I thought you prefer to talk down to your teammate and make no effort to train. your sensei is content with you not doing anything as you fulfill your purpose as cannon fodder while Naruto trains his ass off on his own seeing as his own sensei refused to help him at least learn an adequate taijutsu or anyone to help him in fields he's lacking in and most likely hoped that during a high ranking mission you two would fall so he could train the only person who matters" she said with a sneer turning her attention to the field as the jounin in the area who heard her lost all respect for kakashi



00 arena floor 00



"Well that was disappointing. Shame he disowned Hina-hime had he have trained her he would have one genin of some blood relation he could be proud of" Naruto said getting a questioning look from Neji

"Oh you didn't know? The day before she was discharged he exiled her from the clan quite the story" Naruto said leaning against a tree

"you see I had just finished training for the day when some of the guards I had placed to keep an eye on her had alerted me letting me and some friends came to see she was tied to her bed restrained as they were about to place the clan seal on her" Naruto said taking a look at Hiashi as he shot him with killer intent

"You know how the arrogant people are. To save face they try to make themselves seem favorable again. You see your asshole of an uncle seemed to have forgotten a little law made by the first hokage when he was alive about branding shinobi of the same village outside of a clan against they're will with a seal. When he disowned her she was no longer a Hyuuga thus making the attempt he made a threat on her life" Naruto said lazily sitting on the tree branch

"And what does any of this have to do with something?" he said getting a cigarette butt to the face

"Stop interrupting and you'll find out. I swear people these days have no sense of suspense" Naruto said taking out a fresh cigarette and lighting it

"Now you see the seal they used had more dangerous things placed in it besides the usual seals. Like a command seal, a loyalty seal, a dead switch, and a seal that when given a command you will forget you've ever done it. He didn't know they were on there but the elders did seeing as I questioned them there as they sweated like a sow in the sun" Naruto said as his grin grew dark

"I apprehended them all and brought them to the hokage and by law the offenders would be put to death. Your uncle got away with this because he is a clan head so he got by with the skin of his teeth as he ran like a little bitch. But the elders well" Naruto paused as his grin grew showing his fangs

"You see the Hellsing family were known for their special blood being vampires and all. So when the hokage gave the order I drained them dry seeing their memories and gained they're bloodlines. Oh the crimes they've committed the innocent blood they've shed" Naruto said with a sick grin as blood vessels surged around his eyes as they grew pale showing he had the byakugan active though the sclera were black instead of white

He sighed jumping down saying "I've spoke long enough. How about we finish this"

in one moment he was walking towards the semi conscious Hyuuga when in the next he was in front of him kicking him in the side cracking three ribs as he flew into a wall leaving a large indentation with spider web cracks flowing outwards

Stretching Naruto said "you going to call the match?"

Nodding he said "Winner of the first round NARUTO UZUMAKI UCHIHA SENJU NAMIKAZE HELLSING!"

The crowd went silent until several people applauded while the rest booed as he walked towards the contestant's booth



00 stands 00



"Well I can see one chunin already" Asuma said getting a snort from Anko

"Please the kids a tokubetsu jounin at the least. He defeated Neji with a few hits, diffused and rendered his clan's ultimate technique useless if the kid doesn't get promoted I'm asking for the boy to be my apprentice" she said getting a nod from Kurenai while the other genin were wide eyed at the show he put on



00 contestant's booth 00



"Troublesome blond where did you learn to do that?" Shikamaru said leaning against the wall as Naruto smirked showing a fang

"I've always had these skills I just hid them. I mean who would you let your guard down against? The powerhouse or the idiot who can't perform the most basic of jutsu?" he said raising two hands getting a nod from him and shino understanding the logic behind it

He walked towards the railing as he stood next to Gaia who gave him a sideways glance as he gave her a small smile in return as she quickly turned away blushing making his smile grow larger

He loved seeing the usually stoic suna kunoichi get so flustered as he said to her "I wouldn't get so excited about your match suna-hime"

She and her siblings cast him a confused glance causing him to elaborate "He's going to be late I can assure you. In fact I bet once you go down genma is going to announce that he's been disqualified"

He leaned in closer so only the three of them would hear "
I also know you three are a part of the invasion
"

They were put on guard till he said softly "
don't alert anybody but your father isn't calling the shots. Its Orochimaru...the man is wearing your old man's skin like a pair of silk pajamas. So I'll make you three a deal you don't side with Orochimaru and help me take down Orochimaru's invading forces and I'll fix the desert roses seal when you come back from your 'fight' since he won't get here and I can assure you the leaf won't go to war against Suna. So what do you say hime I can help you sleep?
"

Her siblings nodded without question while Gaia said "I need to prove my existence"

reaching forward her sand came to her defense only for his hand to part through it as his hand touched her face he said "I'm talking to you aren't I? I can touch you can't I? I think that proves you exist just fine?"

she promptly blushed when Genma shouted "WILL SUBAKU NO GAARA AND SASUKE UCHIHA PLEASE COME DOWN TO THE ARENA FLOOR FOR THE SECOND ROUND!"

she disappeared in a whirlwind of sand as it flew to the arena floor as they waited for Sasuke to arrive



00 Kage Booth 00



"That was quite the fight Hokage-sama though wasn't Naruto-kun originally the dead last of the academy?" The Yondaime KazeKage asked

He chuckled as the aged leader said "he may have been but people can change if they put forth enough effort" though the kazekage didn't show it he didn't agree with him on that when a random jounin appeared

"Hokage-sama Sasuke Uchiha has yet to arrive what shall we do?" he asked looking at the war veteran

Sighing he said "Simple if he isn't here than he has no respect for his fellow shinobi. If he can't bother to be on time here than you can't trust him to be on time for a serious matter. He's disqualified"

"Now Hokage-sama surely we can give him a little more time. Everyone had been looking so forward to seeing your genin fight my daughter and it would be a shame to disappoint them" the visiting kage said only for him to shake his head

"I stand by what I said if the brat can't be on time for something important than it show's he lacks maturity to handle serious situations. Tell genma he's disqualified" he said to the jounin who nodded vanishing in a plume of smoke while Orochimaru seethed


00 Arena floor 00


The jounin appeared next to Genma whispering the news as he inevitably sighed saying "figured as much"

The jounin vanished as he cleared his throat "DUE TO SASUKE UCHIHA'S REFUSAL TO BE ON TIME HE HAS BEEN DISQUALIFIED AS SUBAKU NO GAIA WILL BE PUSHED TO THE NEXT ROUND!"

The crowd booed in discontent as everyone demanded he be given more time as she disappears in a whirlwind of sand arriving in the contestant's booth



00 stands 00



"HOW DARE HE DISQUALIFY SASUKE-KUN!" Sakura shouted only for ino to slap her upside the head

"He dares because he's the hokage and his word is law. If he can't bring himself to be on time, than he doesn't deserve to be promoted. You and Sasuke can try again at the next exam next year because I know Naruto-kun is going to get promoted from his skills shown earlier" she said as the jounin watching nodded

She huffed as they got ready for the next fight



00 contestant's booth 00



"Told ya Gaia-chan so shall I?" he said gesturing to her seal on her forehead getting a nod wanting to be able to sleep

Pulling out a calligraphy set he asked to sit down saying "This is going to take a while and Shino Kankuro it's your turn next"

Sure enough the next match was called "WILL SUBAKU NO KANKURO AND SHINO ABURAME PLEASE COME DOWN!"

He whispered to Kankuro saying "
act as if you're still going with the plan
"

He sighed saying "Actually Proctor I'm not feeling so hot. I kind of had some bad fish last night and it's hitting me pretty hard. I forfeit"

The proctor sighed "WINNER OF THE THIRD ROUND SHINO ABURAME!"

The crowd booed as he sat against the wall watching as Naruto performed the adjustments to her seal as Naruto said "Shikamaru if you puss out your mom is going to kick your ass. So I suggest you at least make an attempt to fight"

The proctor announced "WILL SHIKAMARU NARA AND SUBAKU NO TEMARI PLEASE COME DOWN!"

The two of them went down as Shikamaru walked down the stairs Temari flew down on her giant fan slowly hovering to the ground as he heard her brother mutter "
showoff
"



00 same as canon 00



"WINNER BY FOREFIT SUBAKU NO TEMARI!" Genma shouted making nearly everyone face fault as Naruto turned to Kankuro saying "Pay up"

Fishing a hundred ryo out of his pouch he said "how did you know he was going to do that?"

"The boy is a Nara smart my genetics lazy as fuck by nature. Though he probably had several tactics he could have used to win he did waste a lot of chakra feeling her out with all those shadow possession attempts" Naruto said resting with his back on the wall as Gaia had her head against his shoulder sleeping lightly after he fixed her seal

Shikamaru sat against the wall as Naruto said "look on the Brightside your mom won't bash your skull in with a cast iron skillet when you get home at least"

Looking at the scene in front of him as he watched the normally bloodthirsty redhead sleep like a baby made him sigh irritably saying "
troublesome women
"

"So Naruto who do you think is going to be fighting now there are only four fighters left you, shino, temari and Gaia there. And with the fighters It looks like it could go either way" Shikamaru said as Naruto sighed

"Your guess is as good as mine. But if I had to make a guess the fights would come down to me V.S. Gaia while Shino fights Temari for the semi-finals with the winners of both rounds fight each other. Though we are about to find out in 3…2…1" the redhead said

"WILL NARUTO UZUMAKI UCHIHA NAMIKAZE SENJU HELLSING AND SUBAKU NO GAIA PLEASE COME DOWN!" as genma said hoping one of them wouldn't forfeit even though that would make his job easier he still would like to see a couple of fights

He turned to Shikamaru and said "well there you go"

Gently shaking Gaia he said "Gaia-hime time to wake up it's our turn to fight you can sleep more after the fight"

Moaning she gave him a bleary eyed look "promise? Your really warm naru-kun"

He chuckled "yes I am a man of my word"

She nodded getting up disappearing in a sandstorm while Naruto vanished in a burst of black-red fire



00 arena floor 00



"The first match of the preliminary round will now begin!" he shouted when a whirlwind of leaves appeared revealing Sasuke and Kakashi appeared back to back making all the shinobi who anticipated his arrival thought '
that's it?
'

"Are we late?" Kakashi asked taking a glance at Gaia and Naruto who had his hood up only showing his eyes

"Yes you are by several fights actually. Sasuke has been disqualified due to him not being here on time" he said getting a shocked look from the two as Kakashi asked

"What happened to Naruto I bet he lost right?" genma shook his head pointing to the hooded redhead

"Nope in fact the kid here made a hell of an entrance and decimated the Hyuuga with little effort on his part. Hell I'm recommending the kid for tokubetsu jounin for the soul fact he beat him in taijutsu and Fuinjutsu alone" he said as Kakashi and Sasuke looked at Naruto who was giving them a blank stare from under his hood

"Thanks for keeping sasuke's spot Naruto you can go now" Kakashi said only to get a bark of laughter from Naruto that didn't match the image of the blond he knew

"Fuck you shitty Hatake! I earned my right to be here. He didn't he decided to be arrogant and think his name is going to give him everything he wants! It's time the little shit got a taste of reality" Naruto said as he turned to Gaia when Kakashi grabbed his shoulder

"I said Genin thanks for keeping sasuke's place! Now leave!" he said until Naruto gripped his arm tightly as he came to his knees looking naruto's eyes turned red

"Remember what I told you before…Shitty Hatake? Touch me again and I will kill you. Now take your little fuck toy and get out of my sight" Naruto said tossing him back till he grabbed Sasuke and vanished



00 stands 00



"Hello everyone nice day isn't it?" Kakashi said while nobody answered him as he eyed the six women next to Hinata

"Hello ladies I don't think I've seen you in the village before" he said sitting next to them only for Integra to blow smoke in his face

"We don't speak to trash Hatake. Especially when you talk down to our fiancée" she said returning to the conversation she was having with Kurenai

"who's fiancée?" he asked as she pointed down to Naruto as he was wide eyed especially when Morganna spoke to him mentally "
I'd be careful if I were you Inu-san. Naruto-kun is stronger than you believe
"

He jolted getting odd looks from everyone as he played it off turning to the fight with his and Sasuke's sharingan active



00 Arena floor 00



"As I was saying…THE FIRST ROUND OF THE SEMI-FINALS WILL NOW COMMENCE NARUTO UZUMAKI UCHIHA NAMIKAZE SENJU HELLSING V.S. SUBAKU NO GAIA!" genma shouted as Kakashi was wide eyed and Sasuke was shocked

"HAJIME!" He shouted jumping back as a wave of sand was sent his way as he thought '
seal set 1
' charging futon chakra into the string as he swung his arm cutting a path with the wire in his gloves as she gave him a wide eyed look

"what you didn't think these things just absorbed chakra did you?" he asked rhetorically as he got into one of his taijutsu styles as his hand caught on fire with black flames as he punched forward sending a fire ball at her as it was blocked by a wall of sand as it turned to glass

Jumping in the air his leg caught on fire as he delivered a blade of fire from the end of his leg sending it at her creating a smoldering trench as it was sent at her



00 stands 00



"What type of taijutsu is that? It seems like he's doing dance moves or something?" Asuma said as Hinata nodded

"That's precisely what he's doing. Naruto-kun has secretly been working on a way to use an element without hand signs and that is the result. What he's doing right now is called fire bending" she said as she pointed out his loose stance shift as he pulled out a large gourd of water

"What is he going to do with that?" Ino asked as she watched the water flow out of the gourd like the one holding Gaia's sand except it was made of a type of leather

"that's his water bending one of the forms that have more versatility as it can also be used to heal people as well" she said as the water made a pool around him forming tentacles that he could control

"What is he going to pull next air, earth and lightning?" Asuma said sarcastically only for Integra to say

"Actually he has one for each of them though the lighting is an advanced form of fire and very deadly should you mess up the stances well the built up electricity will explode out of your body" she said watching the two fight each other

"His mother had made scrolls of the styles that she was making but she died before she had the chance to complete them so Naruto took it upon himself to do so" Integra said putting out her cigar



00 arena floor 00



Running at her with a large wave of water it made contact with her sand causing it to solidify

"Gotta admit Gaia-chan your pretty tough" Naruto said with a grin as her sand started to dry going back to her gourd

"thank you Naruto-kun but one of us has to win" she said as he agreed running at her as he quickly created a shadow clone as it fired a large jet of water getting her sand completely wet it dispelled as he ran at her as his gloves charged with electricity

"

Raiton: Soul Strike

" he shouted as his hands made contact with her causing her to spasm until she collapsed in his arms

"I think you might want to call the match Genma she's out of it" he said getting a nod from him saying

"WINNER NARUTO HELLSING!" the ninja cheered seeing the display of control over one's elemental affinity while he carried her up the stairs



00 kage booth 00



"I must admit we have quite a few shinobi who have quite a bit of skill" Sarutobi said discreetly watching one of the kazekage's guards whisper something in his ear

"
Sir our forces have been wiped out. I suggest we pull back from the invasion. The only thing I know is that whoever did it left no trace or chakra signature like it came killed the oto shinobi and left
" the masked guard said making him curse

"
fine tell them to pull back Sasuke still has his curse mark as long as we have him my plan will still prosper
" he nodded disappearing into the shadows while Orochimaru cursed whoever was responsible missing the multi-eyed shadow coming from behind him as it promptly faded away



00 contestant's booth 00



"ah now to rest" Naruto said setting her down with her head resting on his leg as he noticed he got a large gash on his arm which must have come from her when he didn't expect her making him smirk as he used the water in the air to heal his wound

"Uzumaki!" Naruto heard as he turned to see the rest of team 7 walking in with Naruto rubbing gaia's head

"What is it? If you haven't noticed I'm coming up with a plan to fight either Shino or Temari for the finals" he said casting them an unconcerned glance

"I demand you tell me where you got those techniques and weapons!" Sasuke said picking him up by his collar as Naruto created a bed of earth from under Gaia so she wouldn't hit her head

Naruto grabbed him by his throat lifting him up in the air saying as his sharingan came to life turning into a six bladed curved shuriken then it gained a three pointed star in the center

"Never. Ever. Try that shit on me again runt got it? I won't be afraid to end you brat!" Naruto said tossing him to Kakashi who caught him

"I suggest you teach the brat a lesson in manners otherwise that mouth of his will leave his brother as the last Uchiha alive" Naruto threatened as his sclera turned black with his fangs showing

He grabbed sakura and Sasuke and left letting him sigh in irritation as he sat against the wall returning Gaia to her original position as Genma announced the last match of the semi-finals

"I would like to forfeit. Seeing as my opponent is too fast for my kikaichu to follow and her attacks keep them from getting close. It would be illogical to continue" he said looking at the proctor getting a nod while turning to Temari with a bow

"WINNER BY FORFEIT SUBAKU NO TEMARI!" he shouted getting a boo as he quieted them down saying

"THE FINALS WILL NOW COMMENCE WILL NARUTO HELLSING AND TEMARI PLEASE COME DOWN!"

Naruto gently shook redhead awake getting a groan of annoyance in response "what?"

He chuckled moving some of her hair from her face "sorry Gaia-chan but I gotta fight your sister now"

He created a clone from his blood letting her stay where she was making him smirk seeing her wrap her arms around it's waist possessively especially the clones expression



00 Arena floor 00



"ARE BOTH FIGHTERS READY!...HAJIME!" he said jumping back as Naruto drew red queen charging at her

"Oh no you don't!" pulling out her fan he swung it creating a large gust of wind making him jump back

'
I gotta find a way around that over sized fan
' he thought grabbing his sword again as her slammed the tip of the sword into the earth twisting the handle letting causing the blade to give off a loud rumble

He grinned sadistically "LETS PARTY!" he charged at her with the blade on fire as she swung her around in a circle creating a giant tornado which he got caught in

She swung it up making him go air born letting him get cut up and down as she caught him on her closed fan



00 stands 00



"Seems like your fiancée isn't as great as he supposed to be" Kakashi said laughing at Naruto only for a growling sound to come behind him as he and everyone else turned to see a large black dog with multiple eyes growling at him with a vicious growl

"down basker the scum doesn't know what he's talking about" Morganna said hearing more rumbles and growls

"I know but do you really think he would lose so easily?" she asked getting a more pacified growl as it slunk back into her shadow

"What the hell was that?" kiba asked as he and akamaru stared at where the large dog was wide eyed

"That was my hellhound the hound of Baskerville. But I call him basker. Hokage-sama has us as shinobi letting us work we've done missions most would be afraid of" she said making him confused

"So that was a summon or something?" he asked

She shrugged saying "It's something like that but nothing you need to worry about. And Hatake how about you take a look to see your now former student at work"

They all turned back to the field to see Naruto perfectly fine



00 arena 00



"How did you do that?" she asked making him smirk as he jumped away from her fan and twitched his finger as he pulled his whole arm back letting him grab his sword

"I couldn't call myself a shinobi if I revealed my secrets now could I?" he asked rhetorically as he thought '
gravity and resistance seals drop from 50 to 49
'

He grabbed his sword saying "

Futon: Decimating wind blade

" swinging it he created several sharp blades of wind that when she tried to block it her fan was destroyed with her being partially cut up

"How! That fan was made from the toughest material in Suna!" she asked as she looked at her now destroyed fan

"Even Orochimaru's Kusanagi can be destroyed you just need to hit it hard enough to do something "he said with his sword at her throat

"Do you yield?" he asked with an impassive look as she nodded getting a fanged smile

"WINNER NARUTO HELLSING!" the Naruto supporters cheered while the others simply clapped

"Alright all fighters meet at the hokage's office next week to receive your reviews and to give the jounin and chunin's results" Genma said nodding

Naruto was greeted by Hinata and the others being congratulated by the other genin save for team 7 and the jounin

"Man Naruto where have you been hiding those skills from?" kiba asked throwing his arm around naruto's neck

"That was amazing kid can't wait to see what else you can do in the future" Asuma said patting Naruto on the shoulder making him smirk

"alright everybody give the boy some space he's probably exhausted and would like a bit of time to relax so everyone head home" Kurenai said making the gathered group disperse as Naruto and the others walked home knowing that the council will be on their asses the next day



Hyoton: Well there is the first chapter of Naruto King of Hellsing and I gotta say…I like how it turned out tell me what you think?



>