


An Unexpected Alliance



I do not own X-Men or Mortal Kombat.


A massive firestorm ravaged over the savage, untamed alternate universe known and feared as Outworld, a once-peaceful land, now an abysmal, satanic pit of despair and doom, ravaged by the most monstrous and inhuman creatures and demons ever imagined. And the cruelest and most evil of all these monsters was the notorious tyrant… the Dragon King! He has ruled Outworld for over millennia, and he has been feared for his infamous brute strength, his limitless abilities, his unparalleled malice, and his power to destroy anyone from the inside. But, within the walls of his palace, the evil overlord was plotting a new method to gain more power…

"The Realms have now served their purpose, but still I crave power! More worlds are out, but they are far from my grasp! I
must
find a new planet, one I can conquer and bring the inhabitants to their knees, and where they will only worship and serve
me!
" the Dragon King ranted, as he entered the mystic chamber where his majordomo and henchman Baraka waited him.

"I live to serve you, O Excellency. Your power is greater than all who fail to underestimate you." Baraka boasted, genuflecting. "Have you found a new planet, yet? I still grow hungry for new kingdoms to be built" the King snarled

"Of course Sire." Baraka hissed, as the vicious beast directed the King's attention to an area called 'Bayville, New York' located on Earth.

"Interesting. Where is this 'Bayville' located?" the King asked, tapping his long claws for patience. "My lord, I think you'll be pleased to know that Bayville is on
Earth!
The homeworld of the Earthrealm!" Baraka exclaimed, as a malicious smile formed on the King's face

"Hmmm… yes, that's it!
Earth!
Why didn't I ever think of it in the first place?! It's PERFECT!" the Dragon King cackled evilly, delighted over this new turn of events "Baraka, I have long since waited for my revenge on those pitiful, insignificant mortals that have dared to defy me! But now… their extinction is at hand!" the King cheered, cackling.

"Sire… what of the God Raiden? We never found him after your return…" Baraka reminded, the King arrogantly snorting "Bah! That pompous fake charlatan has long since been
TRAPPED
in the Dark Prison, where he will
NEVER
see the light of day! Raiden is no longer a concern to me!" the King replied.

"What would you have me do for this new engagement, my liege?" Baraka asked. "Have all my soldiers be armored up and prepare for teleportation
immediately!
We shall take this miserable planet by
force!
Only then will my reign of terror be restored to its rightful glory!" the Dragon King ordered, Baraka bowing before heading for the war room.

"… The time has come. With my army, Earth will be
mine!
Nothing will stand in my way! Hahahahhaha! AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" the Dragon King cackled maniacally, as thousands of Outworld Soldiers and demonic warriors marched onward for their terrifying campaign…

Meanwhile, somewhere on Earth…

"Heads up, Kurt!" Scott called out, tossing a football across the field. Kurt teleported in mid-jump and caught the pigskin with excellent ease.

"ha-ha! Touchdown!" Kurt cheered, doing a break dance when all of a sudden, a loud horrifying roar rumbled through the skies.

"… what the hell was that?" Ray asked, curious to what the cause was. Suddenly, a distraught Xavier wheeled in

"X-Men, all of you, to the War Room! Now!" Xavier ordered, all of the heroes rushing after him urgently.

"what is it, Charles? What was that loud noise?" Ororo asked, anxious with fright. "I've never heard a thing like that before… it sounded… inhuman." Kurt noted, stroking his blue furred goatee

"How right you are, mutant." A voice replied, the X-Gang looking around for where the voice came from. All at once a large blinding light flashed around the room, the X-Men covering their eyes as the glow revealed a tall young woman with a blonde ponytail in a green combat suit, two ninja like men with strangely armored uniforms and pale eyes, a muscular younger man wearing sunglasses and a plaid shirt and khaki pants, a large, bald man with a metallic left arm and a robotic part on his left head, and a tall, Asian-American man who strangely resembled Bruce Lee.

"Who… or what… are you?" Jean asked, suspicious of these unexpected strangers. "We mean you no harm, X-Men. We have come to warn you that your world is in grave danger." Liu Kang responded

"ok, just
how
exactly do you know us?" Warren asked strangely. "We have heard many great tales of your bravery. You are the only hope for us if we are to destroy the Dragon King." Scorpion rasped in a ghostly-disembodied growl.

"Ok, first of all, where did you guys come from? Second, who the hell's this Dragon King?" Lance asked foolishly, as a large, menacing figure stood behind him.

"… that would be
me
" a menacing voice snarled. Lance turned around, only to scream in fright as the X-Men came face to face with the Dragon King himself!

"Oh… my… God." Jean whimpered in horror as the cruel Baraka entered in, his long blades shed… and with Jubilee in his bare arm.

"LET HER GO, YOU CREEP!" Bobby roared angrily, charging at the beast. "SILENCE!" the King bellowed, hurling Iceman at the back of the wall, Bobby clattering to the ground, unconscious

"YOU MONSTER! HOW
DARE
YOU!" Jean screamed, the King growling viciously, about to strike her when a large optic beam instantly blasted off Baraka's head.

"WHAT?!" the King gasped in disbelief before his eyes burned bright red at seeing Scott "YOU!"

"Give it up Dragon King! Whatever you're doing, we wont allow it! Now go back to where you came from!" Scott boldly uttered, the X-Men and the Earthrealm warriors at his side

"Yeah, and you can just kiss our all-American red white and blue ASS!" Toad spat, mooning the large tyrant, not knowing the King raising his large sword over his head

"Oh s…" Toad quickly blurted, but too late as the King cruelly chopped it off with a sickening slice. Kitty shrieked in fright as Toad's disembodied head laid on the floor.

"Bah! I'll handle
YOU MISCREANTS
later!" the King growled, before folding his wings and disappearing with a large cloud of brimstone smoke.

"oh… Toad,… no, NOOOOOOOO!" Jean cried in shock, weeping over the fallen comrade. Liu Kang gently placed his hand on Jean's shoulder.

"… I'm deeply sorry for your loss." Liu uttered mournfully, Jean embracing him, sobbing as Liu soothingly hushed her.

"… this Dragon King
must
be stopped! If we don't do something,
everything
will be in ruins!" Scott stated, Xavier nodding in agreement

"True, which is why the Earthrealm Warriors may be able to aid us in fighting him." Xavier responded, Scott facing Sonya Blade.

"… we can really use your help. We cant take this thing down alone." Scott replied, Sonya shaking his hand.

"We will do
whatever
it takes to destroy the Dragon King and avenge your fallen ally." Sub-Zero responded loyally as Jean rose up from Toad's corpse, a look of determination on her face.

"… this means
war
. If it's a fight the Dragon King wants…" Jean vowed, brandishing her axe, "…it's a war he'll get."

"Hank, contact Erik at Asteroid M. We need him to meet us at the front lawn of the mansion ASAP" Xavier ordered as Beast activated the communicator machine.

"Yes, Charles? How can I assist you and your crew?" Magneto asked kindly, Xavier facing the monitor with a grim look.

"We have a dire conflict on our hands. Several minutes ago, we were attacked by a vicious inter-dimensional tyrant called the Dragon King, who has declared war on
every single form
on Earth. He has kidnapped Jubilee and has killed Toad. We cannot tell where his current location is, but what we do know is that Earth is in most terrible jeopardy." Xavier explained, Erik listening.

"Affirmative. Though I share your sympathies over Toad's sudden demise, we cannot allow this monster to turn our world into a new version of Hell! I will gather
all
my Acolytes and meet with you and your team at the mansion immediately! Only together we can defeat this new opponent!" Erik vowed

"Be wary of what you are risking, Magneto: the Dragon King is the
most dangerous
creature to ever walk on the Earth. His powers are unlike anything ever seen." Liu Kang warned, Erik nodding his head in response.

"all right, we all know our plan, but we need to find where the Dragon King left, and where he took Jubilee." Scott ordered

"Agreed. We'll start searching at the Lower West Side." Jean added, everyone nodding in response.

"But before we do
anything
… we must bury our fallen compatriot." Xavier replied, as the heroes bowed their heads in mourning over Toad's corpse.

As Evan performed Taps on his saxophone, Sonya, Scott, Logan, Scorpion and Colossus helped carry the coffin into the open grave, where everyone else and Magneto's Acolytes were seated, along with several other Earthrealm heroes; Kitana, Mileena, Motaro, Jax, Stryker, Ashrah, Kenshi, Sindel, Reptile, Kobra, Jade, Noob Saibot, Smoke, Kintaro, Goro, Darrius, Dairou, Kabal, Shang Tsung and Kung Lao.

"Toad was a most valuable member of the X-Men, and our most dearest companion." Jean proclaimed, as she read the eulogy. "Through all our times together, Toad shared with us his humor, his creativity, his love of life and excitement, his compassion, and most of all… his beliefs and values in our ongoing pursuit of forming a world where mutants and humans can live together in peace." Jean continued, Sonya shedding a tear as Scott comforted her.

"Even though he may not be with us any longer, we will never forget the impact he made on all of us, and that his spirit lives in all of us. And we will, whatever it takes, avenge his sudden demise at the hands of the cruel, cruel monster responsible for this tragedy. The Dragon King
will
be punished so that no one else shall suffer the same incident that we did!" Jean vowed, before making the cross symbol as the pallbearers slowly lowered the coffin into the ground as Forge started shoveling dirt over it.

"Jean… I must admit; even though I am a soulless spirit in a human form… that was the most
endearing
eulogy I have ever heard. I'm sure Toad would be very proud." Scorpion professed, Jean smiling as she gave him a hug

"I swear to you, we
will
get our revenge. I promise." Scorpion vowed. "So when do we start?" Logan asked as Liu Kang stood over the top of the small stone temple

"At daybreak… we fight back! Let
nothing
come between us! For Earth
will
survive, no matter the cost! For this… THIS IS
OUR LAND!
" Scott roared determinedly


That ends the first part of this crossover series. Hope you guys liked it, send me your comments and tell me what you thought. Part 2 should be up in a few days! Until next time


>