


An Unexpected Alliance: Part 2



Narration: Since the uncanny X-Men and the Earthrealm Warriors formed their alliance after the tragic death of Toad at the hands of the evil Dragon King, their journey has now taken them to the vast and highly hazardous realm known as Chaos Realm, where a far more deadly foe awaits them…


"Phew! After all that walking over hills, mountains, treading over waterways, and going through large amounts of trees and bugs, I think I might say this is more of a workout than a quest!" Bobby complained, wiping off the sweat from his bandaged forehead after sustaining his injury from the Dragon King.

"It is wise to always find physical measures of gaining strength, Robert. With that, you will also be more agile in the battle that is to come." Liu Kang advised, as Bobby had a flabbergasted look after that comment.

"Remind me again
why
we agreed to work with these weirdos? I don't trust 'em. They could be spies for tall, dark and ghoulish." Logan snarled, showing distrust of the Earthrealm warriors, fearing they may betray them.

"Logan! You should know better than to place judgment on your own allies!" Jean scolded, showing outrage at her comrade's gruff stoicism. "Liu Kang swore to me, on Toad's grave, that he
and
the warriors
WILL
help us, whether you like it or not."

"… Ok, you're right. We gotta have these kung-fu guys to help us find ol' lizard-butt." Logan heaved, as Jean gave him a warm smile before beckoning him to follow along with the rest of the cavalry.

"I got to admit, the Chaos Realm
does
look rather beautiful… despite its namesake, no less." Scott admitted, overlooking the plains as Sonya stood by him.

"Before Shang Tsung threatened the realms, this was a place of beauty, life and nature; where all live in harmony. But now… now it is in ruins, desolated, torn apart by evil, corruption and madness." Sonya mused, a tear forming from her eyes as she once witnessed the horrific massacre of thousands of former people in this realm, and it was all at the hands of the Dragon King himself.

Scott knew he should never expel hatred, but the Dragon King's cruelty and his unspeakable actions made his blood boil like lava. He watched the cruel tyrant murder Toad in cold blood, saw him laughing like a inhuman beast when he made off with Jubilee; and most of all, his threat that he would destroy all the X-Men if they even dared to stand in his way.
No one should deserve to be under the iron fist of such a sadistic monster like the Dragon King. I


must


kill him, whatever the cost.
Scott thought to himself before a hand tapped his shoulder. "Scott?"

All at once, Scott jolted backward to see Scorpion facing him. "You all right there? You seemed like you were brooding." Scorpion said before pausing "… it's about Toad, right?" Scott silently nodded. Scorpion could see the pain and grief in Scott's heart… as well as his own. Scorpion then gently patted Scott on the back. "Don't worry, you'll get your chance to avenge him."

"When that day comes, the Dragon King will learn what
true
power is!" Scott vowed, before continuing on their path

Meanwhile, at the gloomy, desolate Palace of the Dragon King, agonizing wails and screams of pain echoed through the fiery orange skies as thousands of unfortunates were mercilessly tortured and mutilated for pleasure or for interrogation on the whereabouts of the heroes. The chief torturer, Kabal; a heavily disfigured half-man, half-beast who wore a concealing mask to hide his scarred features, was about to work on his latest victim when who showed up but the King himself.

"Ah, your Excellency! You do me most honor to visit, O Powerful Overlord." Kabal boasted, genuflecting. The Dragon King simply snorted arrogantly before growling "What of the wench we captured?"

"ah… the mortal is stubborn like a molten crevice, my liege. She refuses to answer. I think she is trying to resist your enchantments." Kabal assumed, as the King's eyes went blazing red. "Fool! Jubilee does indeed know where those ungrateful malcontents are,
ESPECIALLY
that weak-minded impudent redheaded brat who dared to curse my name!" the King growled angrily

"yes… she would make excellent work for me." Kabal grinned, a bone-chilling smile splitting his face. The King snarled before grabbing a large razor-sharpened hammer axe.

"In the years of my prime, I cut down over ten thousand enemies who dared to oppose my rule as emperor. Then, after I was crowned, I butchered all those pitiful Tarkanans since their use is at end, no thanks to the loss of my most prized servant Baraka" the King boasted, sharpening the blade with his long-tipped claws

"Is there anything you want for me, sire?" Kabal asked meekly, fearing what would happen next. With a malicious smile, the King let out an ear-piercing guttural roar before slicing Kabal's entire body in half with a sickening slash.

"Sire… what have
you
done?" Kabal weakly rasped. "Your service is no longer required." The King coolly growled, crushing his head with his mighty talons. Kabal let out a sickening scream before his head and entire body exploded, dark red blood splattered all over the walls.

"…. That will do" the King hissed evilly before turning to his new henchman, the monstrous dimensional mutant, Emplate. "I live to only serve you, O Dragon King." Emplate rasped in a ghostlike voice.

"I have a task for you: Find the Earthrealm warriors and
EXTERMINATE
them! Slay them all! Show no
mercy!
" the King growled menacingly, his eyes reflecting the dark red color of blood

"And what of the mutants?" Emplate asked. the King grinned fiendishly with his rotten yellow teeth. "Outworld has decided their fate. And
I
will be the instrument of its delivery! I'll take them myself!" the King vowed. Unraveling his large wings, the King leaped off a balcony before swooping down and going up into the air like an ominous shadow.

"We're almost close to the palace. We need to keep going." Liu Kang ordered, as the heroes wearily continued moving. Lorna, while walking, could have sworn she saw a dot in the sky. Her eyes widened in fear when she got a closer look.

"*SCOTT! LOOK OUT!" Lorna screamed. Scott's eyes widened as the Dragon King lunged for him. Roaring fiercely, Scott drew his sword and with a mighty slash, chopped off the King's left hand. The monster growled in pain as he crashed into a rock. Jean raced over to help her husband.

"YOU!" the King hissed, on seeing the X-Men. "This madness has gone on long enough, Dragon King! Now, for the last time, surrender to us… or DIE!" Scott boasted, the King cackling chillingly before drawing his large axe.

"You mortals have sealed your fate. Prepare to witness the new age of HELL!" the King roared, hurling his axe toward Scott's head. Scott quickly parried it with his sword, the axe twirling upward before landing… in the hands of Jean.

"This is for
you
, Toad." Jean whispered, before roaring fiercely as she charged into battle, knocking the Dragon King back against the column with brute force. The fierce battle hastened as the two battled strongly. The Dragon King was stunned and furious that he; the most powerful emperor in Outworld, was being beaten to the point of destruction by a female immortal mutant. Using her telepathy, Jean shattered the King's amulet necklace. A large blast of lightning struck the beast. The King roared in pain as the lightning bolts pierced his hardened, iron-molded skin. Jean then drew her dagger and slashed fiercely through the King's chest before driving it into his leg.

"… Impossible!" Liu Kang replied, amazed by Jean's bravery. Jean continued overwhelming her opponent before grabbing the King's arm and with a deafening crunch, broke its arm bones completely.

"… you… infidel. No… man born… can kill…
me
. I… am… a God." The King rasped, blood spewing from his mouth. Jean smirked and hissed "Not anymore" before plunging her sword into the King's head. A large searing burst of light formed as the Dragon King's body exploded. The heroes were stunned and amazed as Jean stepped out of the smoke, triumphant… and the head of the Dragon King in her hands.

"Jean Grey Summers… from your world to ours… we thank you for your heroic efforts. In destroying the Dragon King, you have saved us all." Liu Kang responded, smiling. Just as he was about to touch Jean, a large blade burst through Liu Kang's chest.

"NO!" Jean screamed in horror. Emplate cackled monstrously as he tossed Liu Kang's corpse aside. Jean growled angrily as the evil mutant cackled. "At last! Liu Kang has fallen! As well as the entire race of Men!" Emplate boasted.

"Not this time!" Scott roared, blasting Emplate's arm off with his beam. Doubling him over in the groin, Jean pulled Emplate close to her and screamed "LET'S DIE!" Pulling off a grenade pin, Jean dug the grenade deep inside Emplate's skin before ducking for cover as Sonya covered the heroes with a large protective garb.

"NO! No, no! This cant be!" Emplate howled, as the grenade stopped beeping. "Fuck!" Emplate simply rasped, before a massive explosion broke out, reducing Emplate to skeletal remnants. As the smoke cleared, the heroes stood triumphant.


And the rest, as they say… is history. Just a couple notes: the Dragon King's quotations were from Lord of the Rings: Return of the King. Jean's quote to Emplate was from the Spirit movie, as well as the grenade explosion. Hope you guys liked the series!


>