

"

"

"

On the eastern edge of Mossflower country, rain darkened the sky to a gloomy gray. Two passengers drifted downriver on a wide square raft. At the back end was a small roof which sheltered a scruffy shrew as he sat piloting the craft with a rudder mounted on with a rickety array of wood and ropes.

"Oi! Where'd you say you was headed?" the shrew called, addressing the other passenger. This one wore a hooded cloak and carried a sturdy oak staff. He stood in the middle of the raft, gazing intently ahead, seemingly oblivious to the rain. Water seemed to roll off the cloak like it had been greased or oiled. The forepaws that gripped his staff were unremarkable, save for a crooked right pinky finger that must have been badly broken at one time or another.

"I didn't," was the stranger's curt reply.

"Alright then, dung-for-brains, allow me to clarify. Where do you want me kick you off this tub?"

"At the next town or village with a tavern."

"Finally got tired of the rain then? Ha! As long as ye pay. An' no funny business. I've dealt with enough vermin to handle your scrawny behind!"

"Really," the hooded one murmured under his breath, too quietly for the shrew to hear.

Getting no response, the pilot huffed and returned to his work. "Keep yeh peace then, vermin." Bored, he broke into an upbeat song mocking the rain and picking on Mother Nature for her failure to upset him.

The stranger merely leaned on his staff, impassive.

So they rode on, the hooded stranger standing silently while the shrew pilot belted out river shanties as the rain beat down on the silently moving river.

Several hours later, the raft approached a narrow dock leading to a trail that wound away into the forest. "This is it! That path'll join the road a good few hundred yards in an' then take ye straight through Darmuth after about three miles. If you're looking for a tavern, ye won't do better than the Roughback Inn, just ask around, they'll point ye to it. For your own good, don't try anything. Ol' Jeb the innkeeper don't take kindly to vermin trying to make off with what aint theirs. O' an tell 'im 'ello from his buddy Skip McGroder 'eh?"

The stranger handed the pilot several coins, then stepped off the raft, limping heavily on his staff, and trudged toward the path without a word.

Irritated at being so rudely ignored, the shrew stomped back to his raft and pushed off. "Fine day to yew as well, vermin!" he called as the stranger's cloak disappeared into the quickly darkening forest. "Ye dung heap!"

Roughly two hours before midnight, a burly hedgehog stood at his bar cleaning the dust from a row of mugs set out in front of him. As he worked, he eyed the other occupants of the room. In the far corner, three hares sat loudly discussing the best way to deal with marauding vermin, each presenting ever more elaborate examples of his own exploits in doing so. Behind the innkeeper, a closed door led to his own living quarters, while a set of stairs to the right led to the four guest rooms. To his left, a weasel lay passed out over the bar, still gripping his almost empty mug and drooling. His companion, another weasel, slumped in his seat, eyeing the not quite unattended mug, and glancing down at his own empty one.

The second weasel raised his mug and called out "'Ey Jeb, bring us, 'nother round! Jus', one more!"

"Pay first, then ya can have your drink," Jeb answered.

"Ah, burn in Hellgates!"

"'Nough o' that now. I aint kicked ya' out yet 'cuase it's rainin', but you an' your thick noggin are welcome to have a chat with ole Bertha any time ya' like!" he said, jabbing his thumb at a large oak club nestled on two large pegs in the wall.

"Jeb I still don't understand why you sell to their filth!" one of the hares shouted from his seat at the table, a little too loudly.

"Same goes for you Attus, I've warned you about stirrin' up trouble in my establishment." Jeb called back. "Bertha will get along just as well with your head as with his!"

Now another of the hares spoke up. "We got to find yew a wife ma' friend. Yer lonely ass has gotten far too fond o' Bertha's wood with so few lady folk around!"

"Can it, March, or I'll have to start tellin' stories."

March gulped.

"I seem to remember a particularly disastrous night when yer ale' made ya a bit blind in the eyes. Who was it you were, romancin' again… Oh, I remember, it was that paintin' of a mermaid some travelin' artist brought through one evenin', a vole I think."

March flattened his ears back and buried his nose in his mug, but Jeb wasn't finished.

"As I recall, you were just pourin out yer heart to the painted lass when ya spilt yer mug all over the paintin, and the artist chased ya out swearin' fer blood."

The other two hares guffawed, one falling out of his chair in an intoxicated fit of laughter. "N' what, what was it 'e said 'n th' way out, eh door… I'll come… back for ye…
Darling!
" he managed, still giggling.

"Drunken fools," the old hedgehog muttered good naturedly, leaving them to their merriment. Just as Jeb was turning back to his row of mugs, the door creaked open. A hooded figure clomped in, leaning heavily on a staff as he limped toward the bar.

"Greetins' stranger," Jeb called. "Bit late to be travelin' in these parts. What brings ya here at this hour?"

"I need directions. And food," the figure replied.

"Well, for starters, ya can lose the hood. I'll be seein' the faces of those in my tavern."

The stranger hesitated. This would be the best place to find what he needed. The innkeeper would know more than any beast else in the whole town. Every bit of news, gossip, and information passed through a tavern at some point and the innkeepers knew all of it. But this also made the tavern dangerous. The inn keeper would remember his face… It couldn't be helped, he decided. He needed directions.

After a pause, he reached up a paw and pulled back the hood, revealing himself to be a stoat. A pearly, curved scar ran across his face, starting at his right ear and running down his face at an angle. It stopped at the eyebrow and picked up again at the top of the cheek, neatly avoiding his right eye, crossed the corner of his mouth, and ended at the center of his jaw.

Jeb chuckled. "Well, that's attractive."

The stranger ignored the comment. "I'm searching for a good healer, one who can deal with infections."

"Just how bad are we talkin'? I might be able to patch ya up, or I could send ya down the street to Finnie, if it's serious."

"The wound is large and in the later stages of infection," the stranger replied.

"Mind if I 'ave a look?"

In reply, the stoat pulled aside his cloak. One leg was bandaged around the thigh, and even under his tunic it was obviously swollen to twice the size of the other. The part of the bandage that could be seen was discolored in sickly shades.

A low whistle escaped the large hedgehog. As he looked at the stranger again, he noticed the stoat did seem feverish and his eyes were bloodshot. His brow was beaded with sweat, despite having been protected from the rain by his hood. "I guess you are in trouble. Mind tellin' where you got that little scratch?"

"A rat on the path tried to rob me," the stranger lied.

"An' how did that turn out?"

"We reached an understanding." As he spoke, the stranger fingered the hilt of a brass pommeled dagger strapped to his waist.

"I see," said Jeb, chuckling. "Hmm. Well, that looks beyond Finnie's expertise, even though she'd gut me fer sayin' so. The only healer I know of with a record for treatin' injuries like that lives at Redwall, and goes by the name o' Carlotta. It's a long trek from here to there, but you seem like you can handle it, an' ya can ride most of the way there by river. This branch of the river will get you halfway there, then it'll join the Moss. Hop off at the ford, an' ya got about half a day's journey down the road from there, though I reckon it'll take yew a good bit longer with that leg. If ya like, I'll fix ya a ride with old McGroder when he comes through next. I'm always happy to send 'im business an' I can get him to give you a fair price."

"I arrived on McGroder's raft. How many other boats travel this river?"

"Hmm. Not many. McGroder makes the rounds on this stretch o' river about once every week or so. Mako is taking a load of turnips downriver tomorrow an' ya might be able to catch a ride with him, but he's a grouch. Ornery old thing he is, an' he'll charge ya steep to take a vermin as cargo. Ya'd be better off waitin' for McGroder, that's my advice."

"Actually I'd prefer to hurry."

"Your call friend. But like I said, he'll want a pretty penny. Ya can meet 'im 'ere around noon when he passes through with his cart heading for the docks. Now, in the mean time, what can I get for ya? I've got everything ya can imagine ta drink, but not much in the way of vittles, Danny 'asn't been through lately so I haven't 'ad the chance to stock up."

"Bread and water. And flour for the road."

"Bread and water?" Jeb sputtered. "Wh-, ya don't come to a tavern to drink water! It's a bloody insult!"

The stoat's face remained expressionless. "I prefer to keep my wits about me."

Jeb sighed. "Well, with those two fine specimens sitting over there I suppose I can't blame ya," he muttered, indicating the two weasels further down the bar. The second one was now clumsily trying to switch his own mug for his companion's. "How much flower d' ya want?"

"A pound. And I'll need a room for the night."

"Yeah, yeah." The big hedgehog moved off grumbling. "
Bread
and
water
. Bah!"

The stranger winced. So much for passing through quietly. The hedgehog would remember him for months. Jeb returned with the items, the stranger downed the water in one long draft, then picked up the bread and flower before making his way to the stairs.

"You can take the first one on the right," Jeb called grumpily. The sound of a brawl followed the stranger up the small flight of stairs.

"Yoose tryinss ssteal ma drink!"

"Well you weren't 'bout to drink it!"

By the time he reached the room, the stoat had devoured the bread and stowed the flower in the small backpack hidden by his cloak. As he entered the room, the stranger paused to get his bearings, then removed the cloak and carefully shut it in the door so that it hung several pawspans off the floor. Anybeast trying to enter silently would be unsuccessful, and would have to stumble over the cloak if they tried to move quickly. Simple, but effective.

Given the choice, he would have left and found his own shelter. If not for his wound, he would never have come through here at all. He even considered leaving, then and there. But the cold would not do him any good, and fire would be impossible with the rain. There would be nowhere dry to stop and he had only his cloak for shelter. He needed to rest. Stress was taking its toll. The stoat could feel his mind slipping.

Ignoring the bed, and the single unlit candle, he crossed the room in almost total darkness and seated himself on the floor with his back against the far corner. He stretched out his bad leg, and curled the other underneath it. He drew the dagger, then retrieved a whetstone from his pack and began to sharpen the weapon. The stranger ground the stone over one side of the edge, then back down the other, slowly and methodically, never watching his work but rather staring intently at the narrow strips of light that were the door.

In the morning he would set out for Redwall, but then where? Traveling west, he would soon reach the coast. The world was only so large.

Sitting in the darkness, the only sounds were the patter of rain, voices from the tavern, and the

slow rasp of the whetstone. He began to hum absently, the tune like a lullaby, hearing the words in his

mind.


Eyes wide, all the night,



Watching till the light.



Hear the moaning in the wind,



As beasts and spirits wail.



Those asleep, protected lie,



They ne'er need dread the gale.



But wakeful child, now ye lie,



Where beasts and spirits wail,



Damned to wander in the night,



Eternal 'till the light.



So fear, ye wakeful child frail,



Softly now, when beasts and spirits wail.



They seek you out and pine to feed,



Softly now, indeed.



Cold claws of fear ye feel,



Hunted, by things surreal.



So keep thy vigil, till the light,



Ye watcher o're the night.



"



"



"




Authors Note:



This was my first story but I took it down. It has been revised and continued since it last appeared.



M for a lot of violence, as well as very little language and minor suggestion. Nothing sexually explicit and little or no romance in the plot. I find it odd that out of 2,000 Redwall fics, fewer than fifty are M, especially given the way even the canon sometimes tends toward violence. Does anyone actually look at M stories? Does anyone but me adjust the filters to even show M stories in this archive? [There is a poll on my profile to this effect.]



FAIR WARNING: This story is violent.



There are some clichés in this story. I apologize. In my defense, I offer two points. First, I started this story long before I realized these things were cliché. Second, things become cliché for a reason. Often [though not always], it's because they are awesome.



I owe my deepest

thanks to

Wiechcheu1925

for his patient and enthusiastic support of this story. I owe you.



Other acknowledgments in chapter two.


>