


A/N: I've been itching to get this idea down for a couple of days now, but wasn't sure about it at first. But once I started writing I just couldn't stop. xD I was originally planning on this being a one shot, but it could go in so many different directions that I decided not to. xP Just a couple of things I'd like readers to know. The first, though it is mostly about Arnold and Helga and there will definitely be romance...eventually, I'm not 100% sure they'll be the final couple at the end. I'm just going to let the story write itself. And also:

I do not own Hey Arnold. I give all credit to the amazing creators, because I really do love the show and some of the awesomely amazing fanfics others in this community have made. :D With that said, please do enjoy Arnold's Vampire.



A low moan erupted through the park. Arnold looked up and frowned. He was seated on a bench, trying to get away from it all. He had just broken up with his girlfriend of ten months, and while it had all been his doing, he couldn't help but feel a bit sad. They didn't click. She was just like all the rest of them in the end. And he was so sure she wouldn't be.

The moan came again. Arnold glanced around, but didn't see another soul. This didn't surprise him. It
was
late after all. He shivered from the evening wind, wondering if that should be his cue to go home.

"
Help,
" A low voice whispered. He turned and glanced off into the direction the voice had come from. It was too low to tell if it had been a boy or a girl who had made the plea. Regardless, if the voice really had called out for help, he couldn't just turn his back and leave anymore.

His frown deepening, he stood up. A chilly wind blew past him, and the leaves grew restless. "Hello?" he called, a feeling of dread running through him. "Is anybody out there?"

"
Help…me…please
," he turned around. A person was walking towards him, their head down. They looked to be wearing a cape, so all of their features were covered. It seemed as though they could barely walk, nearly taking a tumble here and there. Worried that something bad must have happened, Arnold began running to their aid.

"Hey, are you okay?" He grabbed hold of the person in an effort to become their support. One of his arms draped around their shoulders, the other draped across their chest where his hand rested on their arm to keep them supported.

The person looked up revealing themselves to be a young woman, about his age he'd guess. Her bright blue eyes stared at him. They were hollow, as if she were fighting off sleep or fears. He gulped, an action that brought her eyes to his throat.

"
You smell so…
good," she said. Leaning in closer to his neck and inhaling deeply. The action made him shiver in ways he didn't think possible.

"
I…just need a little…please
," she said. Before he could ask what she meant by a little, she opened her mouth revealing a set of fangs. His blood ran cold at the sight. No way, she couldn't…While his thoughts were still reeling from what he had just seen, the girl held onto his shoulders and brought her mouth to his neck. He felt a sting and a feeling coursed through him at the very intimate touch. The girl moaned again, but he could tell it was out of pleasure this time.

She pulled away, and licked her lips. He couldn't stop looking at them after that. They were so full, his thoughts wondered what they'd feel like on his. He blushed at the thought. Since when did he ever think of a girls lips that way? Even when they were the lips of his girlfriend he was never really interested in kissing them or anything. This girl, however, made him want to push her against a wall and kiss her breathless.

She turned and looked at him, the strength already returning to her eyes. She continued to stare until a dawning came over her. "Oh, no. Wha-what have I done?"

That was all he could remember from that night, before his world turned black.

Arnold awoke with a start and breathed in deeply. Sweat covered every inch of him and he felt very hot. He looked around. He was in his room, and nothing seemed different. So it had only been a dream. Unconsciously, he touched his neck and froze. It still hurt just a little.

Gulping, he got up and rushed into the bathroom. What he saw made him stumble back and fall to the ground. Two swollen marks were on the right side of his neck, and while they were hard to see since they had begun to fade, they looked just like the marks he saw on vampire victims from tv shows and movies.

He stood up and gripped the sink, staring at his reflection. His hair was droopy and his green eyes looked heavy. He was sure girls would still find him a catch though, or that's what Rhonda always told him anyway. He looked at his neck, and fear edged over his heart. No way. He bit his lip hard, and touched his neck again softly. So...was last night
not
a dream?

A knock startled him from his trance, and he covered his neck with his hand quickly, as if that would do something. He dropped his hand limply. "Hey, Shortman, are you in there?"

"Yeah, grandpa," he said. His mouth was dry and he licked his lips to make them moist.

"Okay, just making sure you hadn't drowned or something, the borders are starting to complain. Oh, and your little friend Gerald is over here as well."

"Gerald!" He had forgotten that the two of them had plans. "Alright, thanks grandpa, I'll be out in a second."

"I hope for your sake you're right. Otherwise there'll be a riot waiting out here for ya," he could hear his grandpa laughing as he moved away from the door.

Waiting a couple of extra seconds, Arnold opened the door slowly, but before he could peak out, it was pushed open roughly, and the door banged into his nose. "Ouch!"

"It's about time," Ernie said, not remorseful. "You should know better than to keep this bathroom holed up for so long. When nature calls nobody should stand in a mans way. Not even—whoa now, wait a second. Is that a hickey?"

Arnold blushed and covered his neck with his hand again. "No! It's um. I hurt myself last night and—"

"Hurt yourself?" Ernie whistled. "Little Arnold's all grown up. I mean sure you're what? Sixteen? But maybe you need to pull in the reigns a bit."

"Ernie, it's not what you think," Arnold said, backing out of the bathroom.

"Sure, it's not," he said, in a way that told Arnold he definitely didn't believe him. "Don't worry I won't tell the old man on ya. This will stay between us," Ernie winked, and Arnold let out a low groan as the door shut in his face.

Making his way up to his room, successfully not running into anyone else, Arnold began to get dressed. There was no way he wanted another Ernie incident so he through on a turtleneck his grandma gave him for the 4th of July last year, and went down to meet Gerald.

"Hey man what took you so long?" Gerald asked, after they did their secret handshake. It was a tradition they couldn't break.

"Sorry Gerald. Let's just say I had a rough night." Arnold said, looking sheepish.

"Mm, hm. Doesn't that sound like it has a double meaning."

Arnold groaned. "Not you too, Gerald."

"Hey, it ain't my fault. You make the jokes too easy, man," Gerald snickered. "By the way, why are you wearing a turtleneck? It's like eighty degrees out," he raised an eyebrow, and the blush came back.

"I didn't do the wash yesterday, so can we please go now?" Arnold pleaded.

"Right," Gerald said, disbelief in his voice. "I'll let it go...for now, so yeah we can go."

Arnold sighed, knowing this wouldn't be the end of it, and followed Gerald out of the boarding house. "So is Phoebe already there?"

"Yeah, both her and Lila are already up there. I think Lila's starting to take a liking to you."

"She's not my type," he said, dismissively. He had been saying that for years. Lila made a great friend, but a girlfriend? He needed someone who kept him on his toes. His thoughts drifted to the girl of yesterday, and he blushed. She was the last one he needed to think about right now. He wasn't even sure what she may have done to him. He touched his neck and Gerald took notice.

"Still not up to sharing the story behind that turtleneck?"

"No," Arnold said, dropping his hand.

"Whatever you say, man. I'll get you to crack sooner or later."

They made it to the zoo's entrance. Phoebe and Lila were waiting there for them, shy smiles on their faces. "How's my beautiful lady doing?" Gerald asked, a huge grin on his face.

Phoebe giggled. "Just fine," she said. "How are you, Gerald?"

"Better now that I'm finally with you," Arnold rolled his eyes at his friend's mushiness, and turned to look at Lila. She blushed and turned away from him. Well, this was going to be a long day, but he would try to make the best of it.

"Hey, Lila, how are you?"

"I'm ever so fine Arnold. How are you?"

"I'm good."

She paused before asking her next question. "Um, excuse me for asking, but aren't you hot wearing that, Arnold?"

"No, I'm just fine," he responded crisply, and Gerald snickered.

"Oh, well if you're ever so sure."

"I am Lila. Don't worry about it," he shot her a grin, and it proved to be a success. She blushed and the questions stopped.

Besides a couple of advances from Lila, the zoo trip had been fun. The last time Arnold had gone was when he was in elementary school. As they all took one last picture in front of the building, it was then that he spotted her.

She was still wearing the cape thing from before, but there was no doubt that it was the same girl. He could see her eyes, even from where she stood. Those bright blue eyes that were obviously not just part of an elaborate dream. She noticed that he was watching her, and she turned and walked away.

"Hey, Arnold? Is there something wrong?" Lila said, grabbing his arm, her voice full of concern.

"No, I mean yes! Um, I don't know, maybe?" He knew he wasn't making sense, but the longer he stood there, she would be gone again. Maybe forever. "I…I'm sorry. I really have to go now. I'll talk to you all later."

He broke free of Lila's grasp and took off running in the direction she disappeared in. It wasn't long before he caught sight of her cape and ran with all his might to catch up with her.

"Hey, wait up!" She had stopped walking, and he caught up to her with a few more long strides.

She turned and grabbed his arm, taking him into the nearest building. It turned out to be a café. The smell of coffee beans filled the atmosphere, and Arnold looked around, never having been here before. He then looked at the back of the girl who was still pulling him along. All he saw was her blue cape from the back, but regardless, his heartbeat quickened.

She led him over to a table and let go of his arm. He blinked and watched as she took a seat. He then sat down hesitantly across from her.

All was quiet for a long moment, until a waitress walked over to them. "Do you want anything, hun?"

"Not right now, Nancy," the girl spoke, her voice soft and velvety. "I'll let you know if we want to order anything later."

"Oh, you know it's all on the house for you dear. Even for your little friend here," Nancy grinned widely, and even Arnold had to smile.

She walked off and the girl removed her hood. What he saw nearly took his breath away. Soft golden hair flowed freely down her back. Her bright blue eyes studied him worriedly, but there was determination there as well. She bit the bottom of her full lips and he did his best not to stare. She was beautiful.

"So…I'm sure you have questions," she spoke, not taking her eyes off of him.

"Uh, yeah I guess so," he said, blushing. Memories of his neck came back and he touched it again.

She saw this and sighed. "That never should have happened. I'm so sorry I've gotten you involved in all of this."

"Involved in what?"

She gave him a wiry smile. "I'm sure you already have some guesses. But for now let's talk introductions. What's your name?"

"My name is Arnold."

"Mine's Helga. Don't forget it. I hate repeating myself."

She seemed more open than she was earlier or even yesterday for that matter. He found he liked the direct way in which she spoke. It made him feel more comfortable around her. "Okay, Helga. So…what happened yesterday?"

"Finally cutting to the chase, eh?" She grabbed a sugar packet and twirled it around. "To be frank I'm not sure where to start…"

"Just start wherever you feel most comfortable," he supplied, and she smiled.

"Works for me," she took a deep breath. "Well, you see, yesterday was my sixteenth birthday. It's a year…a lot of people in my family look forward to. Normally, I would as well, but there's something a bit different about me…"

"What's different about you?"

She blinked, and frowned. "I'm not sure how you'll take that news…"

He took a deep breath. "If I can be…at least fine, knowing about what happened yesterday," he blushed. "Then I think I could handle what you wish to share."

"…Okay. Um, well, I'm a half breed."

"…And what does that mean?" Arnold said, as calmly as he could. He was sure he already knew the answer. And while it wasn't something he felt he could really wrap his mind around quite yet, he was sure he could handle knowing the truth.

"I'm…a vampire," she whispered, staring at him to gauge his reaction.

He sucked in a breath and released it, but it didn't stop his heart rate from speeding up. A vampire. So… "Wait, you…you bit me. Does that mean...?"

"No, our bites don't work like that. You won't turn into a vampire." He released his breath. Was he ever glad to hear that. "Wait, is that all you were worried about?" She asked, incredulously.

"Huh?"

"I can…at least sense your emotions, and right now you're very relieved. I don't even sense any other normal symptoms. Fear, nervousness…but there is…uh, never mind." She blushed and cleared her throat. "Anyway, me being, well, a half human, half vampire doesn't bother you?"

He thought about the question and looked at her. "No…I guess not."

She smiled, which eventually turned into a laugh. "Oh, boy wait until my dad hears this! His eyes would gauge out. He's a full-blooded vampire by the way. My sister is too, and they're….not as nice as I am to humans."

"Oh?" The fear that wasn't there for her turned his stomach to knots at the thought of a full-blooded vampire not liking humans.

"There's that fear I was waiting for. Glad to know you're not completely crazy," she grinned widely.

"Whatever," he said, pushing it down as best he could. "So…what about what happened last night?"

"Um…that was a mistake," she rubbed the back of her neck.

"A mistake? How?"

"Well…" She paused. "You see sprouting your fangs is a pretty…intimate thing for us half breeds. Unlike my dad and sister who can drink from any living creature, half-breeds tend to just stick to one, er, host I guess you can call it. Usually, you bite the neck of the one you love as a sign that your love is eternal. But that's where I made my mistake yesterday."

"Because you…bit me?"

"Yeah, and also because I don't love you. No offense or anything," she quickly added. "I just don't know you from dirt. But because I'm half human, half vampire, the…hunger consumed me. I barely remember anything from last night. I was pretty out of it."

"I see," he paused thinking about this. "I still don't get how I'm involved though…"

"Um, well, and this is where it's going to get pretty awkward, but…I'm going to have to drink your blood…like forever."

"Um, what?"

"I know it's not a…great request," she flinched. "But when a vampire bites for the first time, it's an act of 'bondage' in a way, so that means you and me are bonded. For now the scent of your blood beckons me. That's how I um, well, knew you were at the zoo earlier." She blushed.

"So you can read my emotions and find me anywhere?" He asked drily. Inside he was oddly flattered by it all. Thinking about her sinking her teeth into him turned him on more than he'd have guessed.

"You're having perverted thoughts…aren't you?" She asked, leaned just a bit closer.

"N-no." He blushed and turned away from her and she laughed.

"Well, I understand if you say no," she frowned, but shrugged. "I don't need to drink everyday. I'd like to," and Arnold blushed more. "But the only time where there's a need is during a full moon."

"But what if I wasn't interested in letting you drink my blood?" He asked, curiously.

"I'd rampage and then eventually die." She could see the confusion etched on his face. "It's the bondage I was talking about. Until your blood is gone from this world, the only blood I'll ever have an interest in is yours."

"So this is sort of a until death do us part agreement?"

She laughed heartedly. "In more ways than one. Either I die or you do. I mean there are other complicated ways of breaking the bond, but if you're okay with it…" She looked at him shyly. "Then there wouldn't be need to even worry about it."

"I…guess I'm okay with it," he blushed.

"Great. Thanks." She gave him a shaky smile. "It's an odd way to start a friendship, but hey I'm not complaining. It could have been worse. I've had quite a few cases like that. Until Nancy here showed me a kindness I don't even get from my own family."

He looked over at Nancy and smiled. "That's good to hear."

"Yeah, but my dad. He hates humans," she hesitated. "My mom…she was a human. And well she eventually broke his heart. He's never forgiven her for that, and he tells me often that they didn't last because she couldn't handle what he really is. Once she knew the truth she fled, and I haven't heard from her since I was two."

"How terrible," his heart ached for her, knowing what it was like not to know your parents.

"It's okay, Arnold. Growing up I've learned the truth is very hard for some people," she grinned at him. "Speaking of, you're taking all of this very well."

"It's all just…intriguing I guess. I never would have thought vampires were, you know, real," he rubbed the back of his neck through his turtleneck.

"Yep," Helga leaned closer. "We're real all right." He saw the glint of her fangs and swallowed hard trying to ignore the feelings it ignited.

"Haha, right, so um…are the myths true?"

"Hmm," she stared at him and shrugged. "Depends I guess. For me not really. I'm good in the sun, it just tans me really easily, but my sister and dad would burn to a crisp if they stepped into it directly. They do everything at night. But let's see. No coffins, no turning into bats, well unless you have a shapeshifter ability, no turning people over a mere bite, etc, etc. Sheesh, there are a bunch of myths, but as time goes on I'll just fill you in."

His heart soared when he realized they'd definitely be seeing a lot more of each other. He had more fun just sitting her chatting with Helga, than he had with Lila at the zoo. Sure she didn't seem to have any romantic feelings for him, but maybe he could change that…

"I can feel the change in your thoughts, football head," she said, with a chuckle.

"Football head?" He asked about the odd nickname, not sure if he felt annoyed or not.

"Yep, I mean come on you had to have heard that at least
once
in life. Your head looks just like one."

"Oh, really?" He was definitely annoyed.

"Oh, don't take it so personally. If I'm giving you nicknames it means I like you."

"Really?" He asked, shifting his gaze back to her eyes.

"Doi, Arnold, but if it makes you that mad…"

"No…I guess it's okay. If it's just you."

"Knowing I'm the first makes me feel sort of special." She chuckled, before long he joined her.

"Well, it's been fun having this chat with you
Arnold
." She emphasized his name with a smirk. "But there are a couple of things I need to do."

"Oh, okay." He felt a bit sad.

"But I could always see you tomorrow…" She added, standing up.

"Really? I mean, yeah sure, I guess I'd like that."

"Don't feel the need to hide your excitement, I can feel it radiating off of you."

"Haha, right." He blushed. He'd have to get better at hiding his emotions it seemed. "Can you feel all of my emotions?"

"No…it's like the one's that are the strongest, and that's not always the case. Don't worry with a bit of practice on your part, I won't even know you're having perverted thoughts when we're talking about the weather or something."

"They weren't perverted."

"Hey, I'm not questioning. You're the first after all."

"Wait, you can't read everyone's thoughts?"

"No, I was surprised yesterday when I could read yours. Usually it's only my family's I was able to, but they know how to guard themselves nowadays unless they're really distressed or overly happy. I guess my biting you connected me to you more than I originally thought."

He did his best to control his blush, but it still slipped his control. She smiled, but didn't comment, much to his great happiness.

"Well, it's been fun, but I need to be off. See you around."

"Bye," he watched her go. Then he remembered something. "Helga wait!" She turned, and raised an eyebrow at him. "Happy Belated Birthday."

"Oh, wow, thanks Arnold." The returning grin he received was enough to send him over the moon in happiness. He couldn't wait until he could see her again.



A/N: Thanks so much for reading, I know it's a pretty lengthy chapter, and any reviews would be really loved! (:


>