

"I've not been a child in a very, long, time." Domovoi held Carlotta's gaze a moment longer, until movement at the door drew them both back to the present.

"Supper time!" Ranno announced cheerfully. Seeing Carlotta's unsettled expression, he frowned. "Everybeast alright?"

"Just fine, Ranno dear," Carlotta said flatly, composing herself. "You may escort him to dinner." Carlota stepped out without another word.

Ranno sighed, then returned to his former cheer. "Well come on, then! Time for you to meet the others."

Domovoi swung his freshly bandaged leg off the bed and joined Ranno in the hall. He used his staff to support himself so that his limp was nearly imperceptible.

"You've never seen food like this, mate," Ranno informed him as they walked. The stoat said nothing. "Folks are gonna ask all sorts o' questions, so if y'd rather not answer just say so an' I'll get 'em to leave ye be."

Domovoi glanced awkwardly at the otter, but didn't respond.

The stoat had surprisingly little trouble getting down the stairs, though he had to take them slowly. When they reached the door to the Great Hall, boisterous talk and laughter could be heard from the other side. Domovoi let out a feral hiss and took a step back from the door, eyes once again darting, looking for another exit.

Confused, Ranno tried to put a reassuring hand on his shoulder, but the stoat flinched away. "They won't try and kill ye mate," he said. "They're all friendly save a few."

With that, he pushed the door open and led the way into the crowded Hall. Domovoi followed hesitantly, still scowling.

Dinner had already begun. At least three score beasts of various woodland races sat around the table Domovoi had seen when he first arrived. The abbot's chair was nearest the stairs. The tapestrey of the warrior mouse took up much of the wall behind it, watching over the room. A massive feast lay sprawled before the abbey's inhabitants, with steaming soups, fresh salads, breads, cheeses, and too many other foods to mention all filling the place with a mouthwatering aroma. The stoat wrinkled his nose and followed nervously as Ranno guided him toward two empty seats near the middle of the table.

"Smile or somethin' mate, first impressions and all that," Ranno encouraged, taking the seat on the left.

Domovoi struggled to arrange his face into a more neutral expression, but hung back briefly from the offered seat, surrounded by so many other beasts on every side. Finally, he sat, leaning his staff against the table to his right. With his other hand, he reached up to scratch the back of his neck, an uncomfortable gesture, as though he were unsure what to do with his hands.

Across the table, he recognized the female otter who shared Ranno's room. Next to her sat an otter lad perhaps a few seasons old.

"This is my mate, Elena, and my little 'un, Aaron," Ranno said, introducing them.

"Domovoi, isn't it?" Elena asked, smiling kindly as she ladled soup into a bowl for her son.

"Yes," the stoat answered, watching his surroundings attentively and still scratching the back of his neck.

"Ranno tells me you don't talk much," she said, trying to start a conversation.

Domovoi didn't answer. He jumped in surprise as the mole sitting to his right spoke. "Well, long as you baint talkin, you moit swell troi eh food, friend!" the plump creature said pleasantly, reaching around Domovoi's staff to spoon a large helping of something that smelled of butter and potatoes and various roots into the stoat's plate. "Deepern'ever turnip 'n tater 'n beetroot poi! Cain't 'ave a meal at Redwall wi'owt it!"

Seeing a way to avoid talking, the stoat took a tentative bite and chewed slowly, but didn't relax.

"That's the spirit ol' chap," called a hair sitting on the mole's other side. "No time for talk when there's grub to be had, wot! Desert first I always say! Give 'im some of the chestnut cake, Dunny!"

"Roight you are Reginald, roight you are, and some o' thiz cherry turnover too!" the mole, Dunny, said, adding a helping of each dish to the stoat's plate. "An' a mug o' October ale whoile you're at it!"

This went on for most of the evening, with many different Redwallers all trying to make his acquaintance and getting only his usual monosyllabic responses in return for their trouble. Domovoi continued to pick at the growing pile of food on his plate, fidgeting uncomfortably the whole time.

Finally, Abbot Frederic rose to address the room, tapping a spoon against his glass for silence. He spoke briefly about the success of the recent harvest, and plans for a feast in the coming weeks. "And," he went on, "As you must all know by now, we have a guest among us for dinner tonight. Domovoi will being staying here at Redwall until his injuries have healed. He will be given a room of his own for the duration of his stay. Domovoi is a guest of this abbey," the abbot added pointedly, looking at several faces in particular, "And is to be treated as such."

The large female badger to the abbot's right scowled, but said nothing.

"Goodnight to you all, and peaceful slumber," Abbot Frederic finished, sitting back down.

With that, the Redwallers gradually began getting up and shuffling of to their respective rooms or posts. Gregory went against the crowd toward the main door and the gatehouse. Elena picked up little Arron and moved off to bed.

"Well," Ranno said, patting his belly, "That went well. Such is life at Redwall. Lotta food, some work in the gardens, and the rest is time we've got to figure out what to do with. I miss runnin' wild with me clan sometimes, but I stayed here to marry Elena. Bit of a borin' life, but a happy one.

Anyhow, enough about me, let's see about gettin' you a room so you can finally sleep someplace besides the infirmary."

The badger was walking towards them now. She made an imposing figure, standing head and shoulders above Ranno and glowering darkly. As she approached, Domovoi reached up again to scratch nervously.

"So, you're the vermin Frederic has decided to harbor," she muttered. "Come with me. I'll show you to your room."

She moved toward the dormitories and Domovoi followed. Ranno trailed behind.

They stopped beside a room just like all the others near the middle of the hallway. The badger turned a key in the lock and pushed the door open. "This room has been empty for some time. Mine is the next one to the left. Take heed, vermin. Not every beast is so pleased to have you here. I sleep lightly, and if I find you wandering the abbey after dark, you might just have a little…
accident.
" She beckoned him inside.

Ranno looked uneasy.

Dovovoi stepped warily past the badger and examined the room. There was a bed against the wall, a three legged stool in the corner, a hearth with a small stack of fire wood, and a narrow closet in the wall opposite the bed. A single window adorned the far wall, letting in a shaft of moonlight. There were several brackets to hold candles. Someone had retrieved his pack from the infirmary and set it on the bed. The shape of the pack told him it had been searched, and reassembled incorrectly. He turned back to find the badger smiling darkly down at him.

"Pleasant dreams, vermin." And with that, she closed the door behind him.

From outside, Ranno whispered "Really, Beth? Was all that necessary?"

"Completely. And you need to be careful. You'll be the one keeping an eye on him most of the time. Keep that creature in front of you and for goodness sake don't leave him alone with Elena or that little one of yours."

"Of course not."

"Promise me, Ranno."

"Alright, I get it."

"Thank you. Your heart's in the right place, but you're too trusting for your own good."

The door to the adjacent room opened and closed as Ranno's footsteps faded down the hall.

When all was quiet, the stoat withdrew a fork and a spoon from dinner, stolen from the table and hidden in the sleeve of his tunic. He pushed the fork into the crack between the door and the wall, then did the same with the window, pressing the spoon handle firmly between the two halves of the window, right above the latch. When opened, the window halves would swing like double doors, letting the metal spoon clatter noisily to the stone floor. The same would be true of the door.

That left the chimney… that way in would be too narrow for all but the smallest of creatures, or perhaps a snake. Reaching into his sleeve again, the stoat produced a length of thread, tied to the dart he had been throwing for the better part of a week. He knelt in front of the fire place and reached up the chimney. He used the point of the dart to press the thread into several different cracks in the stone, forming a web of sorts. The end was still tied to the dart. There was a narrow lip of stone above the hearth. Here, after wrapping the excess thread around its shaft, he balanced the dart precariously on its point with the fins leaning against the wall. If anything disturbed the web inside the chimney, it would upset the dart.

The stoat took a careful look under the bed, but found nothing unusual. He ignored his pack.

Last, he opened the small closet. Empty. Perfect. The open closet door hid its interior from sight from the window. The door to the room opened so that the closet was the last thing an intruder would see.

He stepped into the narrow space and sat against the back wall. The stones held a biting late autumn chill. He drew his knees close to his body, then leaned forward and put a paw behind his neck. Reaching down the back of his collar, the stoat drew his dagger, strapped to his back and concealed by his tunic.

Satisfied, he closed his eyes and leaned back against the stone wall, resting both body and mind. But he didn't sleep. Not properly. He never did anymore. Hadn't in seasons. Certainly not in the last week.

Sleep was dangerous.

"

"

"


Soft dawn light reached over the treetops as Mazer padded across the clearing toward the sleeping stoat. The youngin was fast asleep still, breathing lightly and evenly, sitting with his back to a tree. Peaceful.



Well, he wasn't lying on his back in the open, completely helpless, as some early students did. It was a start.



Mazer dropped a twig onto the dew covered grass in front of him, then brought his footpaw down on it violently. A sharp crack broke the early morning silence. The stoat twitched and stirred, but didn't wake fully. His eyes shut tighter and he rolled his shoulders slowly.



Only a start. Mazer shifted his weight, and snapped his footpaw toward the youngin's head. He would improve soon.


"

"

"

The young stoat twitched out of slumber suddenly. Something had broken his sleep, but his brain refused to start moving so quickly. He squeezed his eyes shut and rolled his shoulders to loosen the muscles.

A violent impact sent him reeling, eyes wide as the tree behind him vanished and the ground rushed to meet him from the other side. The stoat scrambled further in the same direction, away from his attacker, instincts kicking in as he drew his knife and—

A footpaw hit him hard in the gut from one side hard enough to send him several feet into the air to land nearer the center of the clearing, gasping, ears ringing, struggling to make the muscles in his abdomen unlock so he could breathe as, once again, the world spun and gravity seemed to be tilted at a sharp angle. But he was still holding onto his knife, and had regained his feet as he stood facing the cat.

"Never turn your back if you can help it," the cat growled. "You're inviting a second shot." He drew his broadsword and advanced.

The stoat crouched with his knife. The wooden sword had fallen and was now behind the approaching cat. The stoat started planning how he might get to that side of the clearing to retrieve it.

They spent the first hour of the day sparring just as violently as the previous evening. The stoat collected a new layer of cuts and bruises.

Later, they moved on to unarmed combat, and then to various gymnastic drills. The stoat had already been taught how to walk on his hands, flip forward and backwards off of objects of various heights, and how to fall from high places without injury. Some of these skills seemed useless, but the stoat had to admit they helped him feel more comfortable flying through the air, as happened periodically when Mazer decided to kick him again or hurl him by the scruff across the clearing. This would be followed up by an attack, armed or otherwise, whether the stoat was prepared or not.

Around noon, they stopped briefly. Mazer handed the stoat one of the dense loaves he had grown so used to by now, along with a canteen of water. The youngin downed the water first, then devoured the bread just as hurriedly, but was about to eat the last bite when Mazer attacked again, forcing him to drop it and defend himself.

This time as they fought, Mazer began teaching him to use all his different combat skills at once. It seemed unnatural at first, trying to punch and kick, or trip, or tackle in the middle of a sword fight, but Mazer started doing so, and made sure to motivate the stoat by striking far more painfully whenever he failed to do the same.

The afternoon was devoted to tracking. The students had all been given a basic understanding of the subject, along with many others, but Mazer was far more thorough. He also added a new twist to the lesson. Each time he pointed out some trace to look for, he also showed how to avoid leaving it. The cat taught various ways to cross many different types of terrain without leaving a trail, which ones an enemy would be most likely to choose, and which ones the stoat ought to choose himself under certain circumstances.

Then Mazer gave him instructions to flee and a five minute head start. When Mazer caught him, they resumed sparring. As they fought, Mazer gave advice on how to better avoid detection next time. After several minutes, they repeated the drill, this time with the stoat following Mazer back to the clearing. The cat left a deliberate trail to test how well the stoat had learned, taking a roundabout route and leaving several wooden beads to collect along the trail to ensure the stoat really was tracking him.

After tracking came a new drill. Mazer had a pouch of stones, each about the size of a large strawberry. These he proceeded to hurl at the stoat while giving instructions on how to doge them, how to watch and anticipate not just the stone as it flew, but the arm that did the throwing, and even the muscles that tightened in the split second before every movement.

This was followed by yet another sparring match, this one with an emphasis on anticipating an enemy's movements. It had been dark for nearly an hour when the stoat was finally allowed to sleep.

"

"

"


Mazer waited until the young stoat's breathing grew even before padding across the clearing to stand beside him. The lad slept far too soundly. That was dangerous. But no matter. He would learn. Mazer dropped a dry twig onto the grass between them, and brought his footpaw down on it with a sharp crack.


"

"

"

>