

Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. Wish I did but. :)



THANKS FOR READING: Please comment &amp; review.



Harry saw the look of part abject horror and part awe enter into her gaze at him.

He did not know from whence it came and he prayed that it was not from what he had done to his Uncle.

But after a few moments she leaned down and wrapped him in a warm embrace.

To Harry, the hug felt like a warm meal after being locked outside in the snow for two days. Only this felt so much better.

He wrapped his own arms around Tonks and hugged her back.

In doing so he realised something.

"Um Tonks, where are your clothes?"


Tonks felt him hug her back.

But after a moment he flinched and pulled away. In that moment she thought she had done something wrong. And when she was informed of her lack of apparel she knew what she had done wrong.

Having destroyed her clothes in the change she had charged essentially naked into the room. When she had turned back she had been preoccupied with the state Harry was in to notice her own sorry state.

Now he, having saved her and in the process had half his face essentially blown off was more worried that she was starkers than about the blood that was flowing freely down his face.

"I forget to pack my spare set before I went on a crusade of anti-child abuse." She giggled and stood striking a superhero pose; hands on hips, chest out.

Harry blushed... a surprising feat considering the blood loss.

"Well at least you will know better next time." He rasped and cringed at the pain to speak.

Tonks leaned down and put a finger on his upper lip.

"Quiet you, my turn now to save you." Looking around the room she picked up a towel from the laundry hamper and pressed it into his mouth.

Harry groaned at the pressure applied to the gaping wound.

For basic modesty sake she selected a bed-sheet and wrapped it around herself only to realise she too had a wound and it had, for some unbeknown reason, failed to heal when she had changed back to her usual self.

While it was not bleeding as bad as it would without her abilities, she did not have the focus not energy to seal it over.


Harry saw the gunshot wound on Tonks shoulder.

It pained him deeply that she had gotten hurt. But things could have been far worse had she not intervened at the zoo.

For all he knew uncle Vernon may have succeeded in killing him this time round.

As Tonks pressed a wash cloth against her shoulder to slow the bleeding Harry surveyed what remained of the garage.

They needed to get out of here and to a hospital. It was doubtful that the neighbours had reported the gunshots as the whole room was completely sound proof against his screams.

None of his screams had ever been heard. Vernon and Petunia had made sure of that long ago.

So he checked that Dudley was alive and that his Aunt was still breathing. Before he opened the garage door, and with Tonks support, limped out.


Tonks winced at the late afternoon sun.

The street was empty, not a soul stirred. Together they made it to the curb side where she felt the barrier fade away.

"Hold on." She directed, pulling him closer.

Using the last of her strength she side-along apparated them to St. Mungo's.

The magical hospital was busy, it always was, but when she apparated right into the middle of the emergency ward everything stopped.

Curse wounds were one thing but to arrive covered in blood, dripping blood and barely able to stand was another.


Alarms sounded and Harry watched as eight nurses and doctors descended on them like a wave of white.

He felt himself floating as these people waved little wooden sticks over him.

Tonks was to his right, floating about three feet off the ground, going through the same process as he.

Harry blacked out but awoke in what felt like moments later.

He was in a bed, a hospital one for sure.

Looking around he saw Tonks sleeping peacefully in a bed near him. It was a twin ward with only their beds within.

He felt his face but bandages had been wrapped around his jaw. Unknowing of the damage he resolved to just rest and wait for the doctors.

"You know Harry your kind of cute."

Harry's eyes snapped open and locked onto Tonks who smiled weakly at him.

"I have been informed that you and I will live, but the long term consequences of our injuries have yet to be explained."

Harry tried to speak, but this mouth would not open.

"Don't panic it's a binding spell to let your wound heal" Tonks stated "Just think what you want to say and I will know."

Harry thought that was stupid but after today anything was possible. He focused.

"Sceptic, your favourite colour is green."

Harry blinked astonished.

"No I am not reading your mind as such... more like reading what your mouth would say if it was capable of speaking."

Harry focused "What is going on?"

"I am not the best person or the most perceptive to tell you the whole story, but I gather certain aspects have been kept from you." Tonks paused "Harry, you are a wizard."

Harry blinked again.

"Yes as in magic and stuff... dragons too... no leprechauns don't really exist as you think of them, it was just a hoax by a bunch of drunk Irish wizards."

Harry giggled inwardly.

"Harry, this won't mean much right now but you are not just any wizard. You are the Boy-Who-Lived. A hero in our world."

Harry frowned.

"It will be explained later but suffice it to say. Not only did you save me today but you save me when you were a baby".

Harry was confused.

"Sleep, rest, let you strength return. The bandages will be taken off in a few hours."


Tonks had watched Harry be carted off and had let the medi-witches attend to her. When they were done she was taken to a ward to recover.

As sleep began to take her she saw Harry levitated onto the room's other bed. Concerned she had waved the medi-witch over. The lady reminded her of Madam Pomfrey and after expressing her concern over Harry's state of heath the witch had whispered that everything would be alright.

When she awoke hours later it was to Harry staring at her.

They spoke for short while before they had both fallen into deep slumbers once more.

Tonks was the first to wake after that. Her Mum was sitting beside her bed while her Dad paced at the foot of the bed.

"Sweetheart she's awake." Her mother had said moving closer.

Dad turned and rushed to give her a hug "We were so worried precious." He exclaimed wrapping her in a gentle but firm embrace.

"I'm sorry Dad, Mum, I..."

"We know dear" her mother comforted "an Auror took a partial pensive memory of the event while you slept."

"He was in so much pain." Tonks wept.

"Shh, enough of that. We are proud of what you did but also a bit shook up dear..."

"Why am I still in the hospital?" Tonks asked glancing at the bed over.

"Your wound has not healed" her dad answered "the boy's uncle was a unknown squib, so when he focused so much hate and anger in the attack it fused with bullets. Pure hate. Dark stuff."

"Your wound will leave a scar" her mother continued, "and while you can hide it with your abilities your natural form will forever be marked with it. The poor boy's face will never heal properly the healers have done their best for him. But he will be left with a new scar."

Tonks nodded, "So you know who he is then?".

"Everyone does, it already in the papers." Her mum exclaimed passing over the Daily Prophet.




Boy-who-lives-again. By Rita Skeeter.




A disturbance occurred this afternoon in Muggle Surrey.



Harry Potter, aged twelve, the Boy-Who-Lived was attacked in his own home by Muggles bent on a murderous anti-magical rage.



Eye witnesses to the attack claim that the Boy-Who-Lived fended off seven assailants by first summoning a demon and then using his own spell craft.



It is not sure at this time, but several of those who could only look on as the brutal attack unfolded, also claim he did all his magecraft wandlessly.



Harry Potter having suffered multiple gunshot wounds (modernised bow and arrow weapon Muggles use for violence) is said to be recovering well at St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries, but was unable make a statement at this time.



It is currently the belief of the Aurors that the attack was in retaliation for Harry having earlier defended another magical from assault.



The identity of this magical is being kept secret but sources from the ministry believe it to be a young woman in her late teens who had inadvertently stumbled upon the group of anti-magical muggle radicals.



When Minister Fudge was ask if he was going to be pressing charges for under-age use of magic and demonic summoning, he replied.



"The evidence is clear that Mister Potter was only defending himself and others from attack and that is not a crime. As for the summoning off a demon that has yet to be proven."



From all those here at the Daily Prophet we wish Harry a speedy recovery.



Rita Skeeter signing off.




For more information on:




Anti-magical Muggle radicals and witch hunters, see page 3.



How to protect yourself from Muggle weapons, see page 4.



*Special* The-Boy-Who-Live: What's he been doing for the past decade, see special insert in today's late edition.



Tonks frowned, she hated that woman.

Undoubtedly she had gotten hold of the partial pensive memory and then inferred the whole ordeal into this fantastic piece of crap.

Her Mum and Dad both agreed it made good reading but they knew the real truth.

After chatting for a while longer her parents returned home. For the rest of the day she just lay on her side watching HIM.


Harry woke feeling rested.

The feeling of an actual bed to sleep in was magnificent. Never in his entire life had he ever had such a thing as space to stretch out in.

It was as he was stretching that he realised he was not alone in bed.

Tonks was curled up beside him. Her arms around his shoulders, her leg over his. Being taller while in this position she inadvertently pulled his head into her chest.

Harry relaxed. He felt comforted, knowing that she would save him. Protect him.

Never had he known these feelings.

He pulled himself closer, like a cat snuggles closer to its master.


Tonks woke to the feeling of movement.

"You know Harry if you wanted to get into bed with me you only had to ask and I would have dropped my panties for you." She teased.

"I could say the same Tonks, but I'm not wearing any panties." He replied. His voice gritty and rough.

Tonks started and looked around. She was in HIS bed, how she had gotten there she had no idea. She attempted to extricate herself.

"Awe don't go" he whined "you make a wonderful pillow."

Tonks stopped and smiled.


Harry did not know where he drew the courage to say that. It just felt right. But it felt even better when Tonks relaxed and encircled him with her arms once more.

At peace together, he fell into a deep comfortable sleep.

>