



Unmatched † Lovely Princess ~Maidenly



Romance of Three Kingdoms~






Chapter 015: Trial in a New Region



Disclaimer: I do not own Koihime Musou or any of its franchises. There shall be eight characters introduce in this chapter. Five of them are new characters release from the franchise's newly release Visual Novel.

Two are OCs that did not make it into the franchise, though only one of them shall be focus on while the other will only make a brief cameo.

The last one is an OC that has no obvious historical counterpart, who shall only be briefly touch upon in this chapter. So there's no need to rake your brain on this one.



(Kazuto's P.O.V.)


"…Truth to be told," Touka-chan breathe a sigh of relief, "I was worry that the governor of Yuu-Shu would bring unnecessary trouble to everyone here. Now, I can leave without worry; I am glad that it is Hakukei-chan who shall now govern here!"

Kouson-San laughed. "I am glad to hear that Touka has so much faith in me. Rest assures; I shall do my best to care for the citizen of Yuu-Shu just at least half as well as all you!"

"Do not say that, Hakukei-chan~! I know you shall do splendidly here in my place!"

Rinrin giggled. "Nya, so Kouson-San is taking our place governing here from now on?"

"Apparently, the Ryou-Sei District shall be merged with that of Yuu-Shu," Hinari informed, "It has always been a relatively small region compare to others so there should be no problem for Kouson-San-san to managing both…"

"It is not surprising," Aisha smiled, "Kouson-San-dono has contribute a great amount in the Anti-Tou-Taku Coalition so much so that she is given the ranking of General of the Rear by The Emperor himself; being entrusted with this level of responsibility is only natural…"

"Oh come on now, everyone," Kouson-San blushed upon hear the compliment, "I can hear you all, you know~! You are putting me on the spot here…"

"No, we're all really glad that Hakukei-san is taking our place in governing Yuu-Shu," I announced, "regardless of what title you may or may not got…"

"Jeez~, stop it already~!"

Everyone laughed as Kouson-San continues to act in embarrassment.

It was finally time to move from Yuu-Shu to Jo-Shou. Of course, by standard procedure, we are entitled to greet the new official governor. That works in our favor because we wanted to see what kind of person is taking over; even if it's an order from the Imperial Court, it doesn't mean we should blindly follow it was the conclusion that we all came to.

Boy, were we surprise when Kouson-San came in and greet us, informing all of us of her new post here. Touka-chan practically leapt in joy at her colleague. We knew for sure that Kouson-San can protect Yuu-Shu in our place and even more so not abuse her authority.

Anyway, now that our brief greeting is over, it was time for our people to start moving to Jo-Shou.

"Let's get moving everyone," I called, "Jo-Shou awaits us!"

"Yeah!" Everyone nodded and began ordering the soldiers that we are taking with us to get the carriages moving.

Touka-chan, however, remains by my side and began to display a sorrowful expression.

"…Still hooked up about leaving Yuu-Shu, huh Touka?" Kouson-San sighed knowingly.

"…! A-Ah, no!" Touka-chan denied, "I-It is not like I do not trust Hakukei-chan-…"

"I know that~! You are upset at the fact that you feel like you are abandoning your duty to everyone…"

"…Yes. All these people trusted us, but now we are moving elsewhere. I still cannot help but think they will resent us for this…"

"…What are you talking about?" Kouson-San rolled her eyes and began to pull both mine and Touka-chan's hands towards the gate of the castle.

"H-Hakukei-chan!?"

"H-Hey!" I managed, "Why are you pulling me too?"

"I want to show the two of you something so to put your minds at ease," Kouson-San informed, "The idea was to show you all this as you are officially leaving, but I have changed my mind…"

"…?" As soon we brought out of the gate, both Touka-chan and I froze in shock.

The main street that we were planning to use to exit the city was packed on all sides with the citizens of the city; some I recognized as being from further out from the city. Once they saw us, the people began to impatiently call out to us looking for attention.

"Hakukei-chan," Touka-chan awed, "This is…?"

"It was not entirely my doing," Kouson-San admitted, "There is not a single person in the street that came here to vent their anger on you. They all came to see you off and to thank you for the many months you have all taken care of…"

All of them!? This is way too much, far beyond what I could imagine. It was like all of Yuu-Shu has come to see us off.

Touka-chan seems to be stumped as well as she steadily walked forward, gazing around as she did. All around her, there seem to be faces that are ready to burst into tears.

"…Ryuu-Bi-sama!" Two men broke out of the sidelines and kneed before her, "T-Thank you for everything you have done for us~!"

"Uh, no! Please do not do this!" Touka-chan panicked as she usher them to stand back up.

"Ryuu-Bi-sama!" Two women then approach and offer her two chickens, "Please accept this!"

"Eh!? B-But…!"

"Please take these too!" A couple, this time, came forward presenting a basket full of steam buns.

"Ryuu-Bi-sama~~!" A bunch of children this time surge forward, "Please do not go~~!"

"…!? But I…" Before she even finish, the people on the sideline broke out and rush towards Touka-chan, surrounding her with gifts or request to stay and leaving her speechless at their act of adoration.

"…!? My lord," Aisha, who has just arrived with everyone else after finishing directing the soldiers, managed as she witness this spectacle, "What is this?"

"Nya~! Rinrin has never seen so many people in one place!" Rinrin awed.

"This is even a larger crowd then when Yue was still in government," Ei sweat dropped.

"…They're just sending us off," I informed with a blissful smile, "I think we should be ready for us to get swamped too at this rate…"

"R-Right," Shuri managed in nervous agreement.


It took us a good three hours to leave the city and make our way to Jo-Shou afterwards. I never truly realize just how much they cherish us; the citizen's appreciation for us was breathtaking. Even Yue and Ei, both which had spent the least amount of time in Yuu-Shu compare to the rest of us, were met with tears and gifts. I think I some of them asking one of the girls to remember them… …somehow remembering that gets on my nerves.

Anyhow, even once we cleared the city, anywhere there were people we were greeted with the same manner; they could be working in the fields or playing on the side of the road.

It was heartrending, but their display showed that while we were in charge that we did good and left us with a feeling of content. Surely we can make Jo-Shou just as appreciative one day.

Speaking of Jo-Shou…

"…Rairai," Hinari called, "Denden. The two of you came from Jo-Shou, please remember that and guide us around when the time comes…"

"Understood!" A young teen girl with neck-length messy orange hair with bright turquoise eyes. She wore a short-length blouse (which left her belly region bare) with long sleeves lace with green designs, frilly orange short skirt, brown leg stockings and a green bow ribbon with long loose ribbon tied around her shoulder region above her small breast. "Denden and I shall make it our top priority!"

"Yep~!" A young teen girl that looks nearly identical to the first one chimed, though she has knee-length orange hair that split into two, held in place by green orb ornaments, with an additional fluff that seems to grow out from her lower back (casting an illusion of a fluffy tail), and cheerful violet eyes. She is dress similar to first girl except the bow is located on the right side instead of the left and doesn't have any loose ribbons, and wears black leggings instead of thigh-high brown stockings. And unlike the first girl, she is flat as a board. "We know all the good food stands and places where you can do your private business without anyone-…"

"Denden! That is too much information! Please be serious and do not cause trouble again!"

"Eh~? But Nee-chan, those are useful information as well~!"

"There's a time and place for that!
Time
and
place
!"

"…There they go again," I sighed in amusement as Bi-Jaku Shichuu and her younger twin sister Bi-Hou Shiho argued amongst themselves.

They were sisters who were but two of the many people that journey to Yuu-Shu after hearing rumors about us; they joined us not long after subjugating the Yellow Scarves with Kouson-San at the Iron Gate Passage, as well as the same ones we left Hinari with as everyone else dealt with the Anti-Tou-Taku Coalition.

Intelligent and dedicated, Rairai-chan (Bi-Jaku) distinguish herself as a capable civil officer despite her young age; likewise, Denden-chan (Bi-Hou) is always cheerful and lively, proving herself as a capable martial officer. Both of them get along with the sheepish Hinari rather well too; Rairai-chan is patient around Hinari and speaks on relatively equal terms whereas Denden-chan outgoing personality earns some unusual stern but gentle lecture from Hinari. They are both good influences I suppose for someone like Hinari.

Well, they do have their shortcomings…

"Behave yourself now, Denden!" Aisha sternly warned, "As a military officer, you should start thinking about the consequence to your action, like your sister…"

"Aw~, General Kan-U," Denden chimed, "Lighten up, would you~?"

"Lighten up!?"

"A-Ah~! M-Many apologies, General Kan-U!" Rairai rushed an apology, "She did not mean it in a bad way…"

"Don't get scared already, Nee-chan," Denden chimed, "You make it sound like she is going use this as an opportunity to get Denden back for that prank Denden did on her the first time we met…"

"D-Denden!"

"…? Was Denden wrong?" Denden turn to Aisha, "General, are still hung up about that Denden pulling down your panty in front of everyone that first time?"

"…Yes!" Aisha grumbled, "But what I am getting is at in this conversation is about something else…got it!?"

"S-She got it!" Rairai hurryingly bowed before forced Denden to bow repeatedly, "Right, Denden!?"

"O-Ow~!" Denden whined as Rairai forced her to bow apologetically, "Nee-chan~! You're hurting Denden~!"

Aisha glared at the two before sighing in frustration while everyone chuckled nervously.

These are the twin's shortcomings. Both are excellent in their field of profession, but outside them, they are clumsy or troublemaking. Rairai-chan is a foresight person, but because of her standings and responsibility she unusually thinks about the worse-case scenario and overreacts in response; overworking is a norm for her to the point of unhealthy. Denden-chan is opposite; she is a hindsight person who does things for her own amusement, hence being a worrying troublemaker if left with nothing to do though she has no ill-intention. She also has a short attention span, when not in battle or preforming some prank.

Fortunately, as they are twins growing up together, the two cover each other's blind spots rather well. Denden-chan does stupid in the name of fun and leaves Rairai-chan with cleaning up after her, which is more or less successful most time. On the other hand, should Rairai-chan herself end up in a tense predicament, Denden-chan can bail her out by either a show of force or breaking the tension with her personality.

Unfortunately, the one person usually involve unwillingly with the twin is Aisha; for some reason, Denden-chan's favorite person to prank or humiliate for laughs is her. Upon their first official meeting, Denden-chan humorous pulled down Aisha's panty in front of everyone. Though she was harshly scolded later for it, it didn't end there. The other day, Denden-chan remarked innocently on how "Aisha has a bunch of useless meat on her" and for a while afterwards when she isn't sulking Aisha could be found exercising on the extreme. Of course, with every case, Rairai-chan is the one to initiate the apology while forcing Denden to do so as well. Regardless, Aisha never truly warmed up to the younger twin.

As for everyone else, they all have our ups and downs with the two as well; complaints don't seem to get through to Denden-chan so everyone else usually trouble Rairai-chan instead. The only ones relatively on good terms with both at the same time would be me, Ren, Shuri, Hinari and Yue. Well, Yue's tolerability is master level and Denden-chan, fortunately, doesn't see her as an appealing target; Shuri and Hinari, perhaps due to their similar age, are usually con into Denden-chan's schemes or helping Rairai-chan control her (with little success); Ren is hard prank either due to her warrior instinct or that Nenene is the one to take the fall for her (sometime unintentionally).

As for me? Denden does play pranks on me as well, though it is mostly to my (relative) amusement and getting me lecture by the other girls for being lenient in dealing with it. But it does work on making Denden-chan feels a tad bit guilty for her action sometimes. Unfortunately, I end up a different problem: somehow I became the source for the twin to spoil.

Rairai-chan loves her little sister, but even she must vent some of her frustration; I just so happen came across it once when she was doing so in secret. Since then, she would usually go to me so that she has someone to listen to her complaints. Denden-chan, when not pranking me, would use me to buy or obtain something; being who I am, I usually give in as long as it's in my power or if not too unreasonable (again, with one of the girls, usually Aisha, lecturing me later).

Now, I'm not saying I'm a pushover when it comes to these two; rather I would say that I'm a pushover to almost
all
of the girls. But I had my own dealing with troublesome young people in my experience and had long learned not to be so hooked up on every little thing and wear yourself out for it.

Well, regardless of their shortcoming, the twin are dependable when it matters the most and everyone knows that; Aisha admits that much, though it pains her to no end when dealing with Denden-chan. Part of it is what believe to be their historical connection. In history, Bi-Hou was one of the Generals that didn't come to aid Kan-U and deflect to Son-Go hence causing Kan-U to lose his life eventually.

But regardless of who her historical counterpart was and what that one done, I still want to believe it won't take place here in this world. Denden may be a prankster, troublemaker, and a dense thinker but she is relatively a good person at heart; I don't think it's right to label her just because what her historical counterpart has done.

"Ahem," I cleared my throat, "Uh, Denden-chan. Why don't you follow your sister's advice for now once we reach the city? Afterwards, you can take me to see these interesting places you recommend. How about that?"

"Really!?" Denden-chan chimed in delight, "It is a promise then~! Yay~! A date with My Lord~!"

"It is not a date!" Aisha roared.

"A-Aisha, calm down," Touka-chan sweated nervously.

"I am deeply sorry for her strange outburst," Rairai-chan comically wept.

"Don't worry about it," I laughed, "I find that rather charming in its own way…"

"My Lord!" Aisha exclaimed, "You must cease spoiling this little brat!"

"…I wouldn't exactly call it spoiling, at least in this case. It's more like compromising…"

"Regardless, My Lord is giving into her!"

"Not fully; that's why it's a compromise…"

"Sorry, General~!" Denden-chan chimed, "If it makes you feel any better, Denden promise not to do anything beyond proper decorum during our date~!"

"It is not a date!" Aisha roared, "And do not make that kind of promise for me!"

"…? So Denden can go beyond proper decorum?"

"That is NOT what I said! Why is it that you insist on turning my words around like this!?"

"…How are you going to stop this, Kazuto-kun?" Touka-chan sweat dropped as Aisha raged at Denden, with Rairai trying to stop her sister from going any further.

"… …I'm working on that," I admitted with a defeated sigh.


We continue to make our way to Jo-Shou; Yuu-Shu and Jo-Shou, as Shuri noted before, was neighboring province so we were within the borders of the region within the day.

But as we cross through the borders, something one of border guards of Jo-Shou said worried us. According to the info, due to declining administrative works from the current Governor of Jo-Shou, who at old age is bedridden with a sickness, Jo-Shou is being overrun with bandits taking advantage of the situation. They have also grown in number and would not hesitate to attack even an army of Ten Thousand to rob potential riches; the border guards warn us to vigilant as we make our way to the main city of Jo-Shou.

"I thought the time of bandits is over," Aisha sighed.

"Nya~," Rinrin pouted in frustration, "Why do people want to become bandits!?"

"That is a good question," Nenene sighed, "You would think the Yellow Scarves Rebellion taught the realm something about joining bandits…"

"People are desperate," Shuri sighed, "With the government system of the Imperial Kan so fragile after so many calamities happening one after another, even with the Imperial Court back in session, it could be a while before people are confident enough to forfeit the easier life of banditry…"

"E-Easier life?" Touka-chan questioned doubtfully, "Is it truly that appealing of a life? To take from others and plunder lives just to satisfy your own? I honestly cannot see the joy in that…"

"There are many kinds of people in the world, Touka-sama," Hinari frowned sadly, "If there were not, would the likes of people like Chou-Jou exist? Would the Imperial Kan being in such a fragile state?"

"Well, yes. But…"

"In the end," Ei huff a sigh, "There is no point in trying to understand the minds of the less knowledgeable. We may never know what truly makes these people see the any kind of salvation in joining banditry…"

Touka-chan pouted sadly, before turning to me. "What are your thoughts on this, Kazuto-kun?"

"…The way I see," I began after some thought, "To the common people, they're just trying to survive. To them, as long as they can fill their own belly and not worry about being slain themselves, any life would be better than the current one they have. The realm is in turmoil and the one that suffers the most are those without power; banditries simply provide an easy escape for them…"

"N-No way," Yue frowned sadly.

"…But," I continued with a smile, "If the realm gets better, then people won't need to become or stay as bandits. That's where we come in; as those in power, I think we should show everyone that banditry isn't the only choice they could take to live a good life…"

Touka-chan smiled at my words. "I agree, I totally agree…"

"…It is a bit of a naïve way of thinking though," Nenene sighed, unimpressed, "Some may actually still prefer the life of bandits regardless…"

"Ugh~! Y-You think so?"

"Perhaps so," Rairai-chan smiled, "But at the very least if the realm does get better, less people will become bandits…"

"And we can just beat up the rest that are still bandits~!" Denden-chan chimed.

"…Humph, I hate to admit it," Aisha noted, "but I am in agreement. Once life gets better and there are still those who seek to exploit the happiness for their own, I shall not hesitate to take them all out! No matter what the reason, plundering lives and harming the defenseless cannot be forgiven!"

"… …Uh, just to be clear Aisha," I sweated nervously, "If they quit their life as bandits, don't go after them anymore…"

"…! I-I am aware of that, My Lord! Please do not make it sound as if I am that unreasonable! I understand the importance of second chances!"

"I know you know. But your resistance before when it came to Ren and Yue worries me a bit, so…"

"…Ugh. I-I understand…"

Denden-chan giggled. "General Kan-U is such a hypocrite~!"

"…!? …Bi-Hou! I shall tolerate your insolence no further!"

"W-WAH~~!" Rairai-chan panicked and forced Denden-chan to repeatedly bow apologetically, "G-G-General! Please spare Denden! She truly means no harm~~! Hurry, Denden, apologize!"

"O-Ow~! Nee-chan~! You are hurting Denden~~!"

"Nya~!" Rinrin sighed, "It happened again…"

"Truly the phrase 'Two tigers cannot share the same mountain' pertains to these two," Nenene sighed.

I nervously laughed at the comment that, amusingly enough, also popped in my head after seeing this scene.

"…? What is the matter, Ren?" Touka-chan suddenly noted to the Flying General; it was only then did I realize that Ren was glaring at her surrounds.

"…? Ren-dono?" Nenene question in worry, noticing the same thing that I did.

"… …My Lord," Ren suddenly ready her weapon, "… …Enemy!"

"…!? What!?" I exclaimed and quickly scan the surroundings, which was consist of tall grasses on one side of the road and a forest surrounding some hills on the other, "Where?"

"… …Everywhere…"

"Nya!?" Rinrin managed, "But Rinrin does not see enemy troops!"

"N-No," Shuri shook her head, "they must be hiding in the environment! Seeing as how there should be no other army in Jo-Shou, it could only mean…"

"Bandits!" Touka-chan readies her weapons.

"They must be after all the stuff we are bringing!" Hinari noted the carts we were pulling with us.

"All troops, ready yourself!" Nenene immediately commanded, "Defend the supplies and our Lord and Lady! Bandits are incoming!"

Upon order, the soldiers immediately took defensive stance around the luggage, Touka-chan and me. No sooner did they did, bandits sprang out from all sides and charge at us with shoddy weapons.

"Here they come!" Rairai-chan called as she pulled out a large Spinning Top.

"Heh~!" Denden-chan chimed as she pulled out her Warhammer (which looks like Squeaky Hammer), "They do not look so tough~!"

"Indeed!" Aisha huffed, unimpressed, "Troops, let us show these foolish bandits what I means to attempt a raid on army that have survive countless battles!"

"Everyone!" Rinrin called, "Follow Rinrin and beat them all black and blue~~!"


CHEER!
With a collective roar, our troops engage the bandits.


…It should have been an easy battle, since our army was at Ten-Thousand strong. But amazingly, there was just as much bandits ready to tackle us. And although they carry shoddy weapons and far beyond disciple in ways of warfare, their ferocity is force to be reckoned with. Ignoring any attacks that aren't fatal, the bandits attack on with an insatiable madness; sometimes they would throw their lives away just to take one of ours down with them. They're different from any bandits we have faced before; compare to the Yellow Scarves, these guys are relentlessly violent.

Still, there was only so much such a haphazard method could do against experience military soldiers, Generals that are worth thousands of soldiers, and strategist capable of utilizing them to their fullness. We dealt them accordingly regardless of their recklessness; our strategist gave us precise orders that reduce our causality and our Generals work to see it through. We were done within the hour, but we still lost a good Five-Hundred soldiers with the rest of the army at least a scratch or two to testify the existence of the relentless battle.

"…A good Ten-Thousand bandits lay dead," Yue shed tear at the sight of the result of the battle, "All for some stuffs that are hardly valuable. How saddening…"

"Indeed," Ei sighed, "What a waste of life…"

I glared at the dead bodies of the bandits; endless question flooded my mind. Sure not long ago, I had presumptions about them, but these unreasonable actions are too bizarre to explain it off with my earlier words.

"Everyone," I called for attention grimly, "Don't you find this situation a bit too strange?"

"…? Strange?" Nenene repeated in confusion.

"They fought too desperately; a do or die kind of action. What could possibly drive them to this?"

"…Even if you ask that…"

"And I can say with confidence that we got every last one of them that attack us; none of them try to flee and they fought to their last breath! Not exactly what you would expect from thieves, right?"

"…Now that you mention," Hinari pondered on my thoughts, "It certainly does not add up. Judging by the fact that there was an equal number between us and them, they must have known that we were coming; this shows that at the very least they are not completely incompetent. And yet they attack us carelessly…"

Rairai-chan nodded in understanding. "If they have the patient and the resources to track our movements and gather a sufficient force to deal with us, they should have just as much to organize themselves to ensure their success…"

"…?" Denden-chan frowned, "But that is not what happen at all~!"

"Exactly. But these bandits were confident in the idea they could overwhelm us. What could motivate them to fight to their death?"

"…I believe there is time enough for that once we which the main city of Jo-Shou," Aisha noted, "we cannot stay here should there be another attack…"

"Rinrin think so too," Rinrin nodded in agreement.

Touka-chan nodded before addressing the army. "Everyone, we cannot stay here in the opening and allow other bandit forces to take advantage of us! I know you are all tired, but we must continue onward to the main city of Jo-Shou! So let us move out~!"

With a collective roar, we continued onward.


Maybe because we won despite us being in equal in number; maybe because they never imagine us being able to emerge victorious; maybe because it was all a single isolated event. Regardless of the reason, our marching army no longer had any opposition right up to approaching Ka-Hi, the capital of Jo-Shou.

There, awaiting us with a large division of maids, were three distinct-looking people at the entrance to greet us.

The first was a young-adult maid, though she was clearly of different ranking compare to the other maids present. She has neck-length purple hair with two long strands held in place on either side by small bells, brownish gentle eyes, and higher than average bust size. Dress in a long-skirt flamboyant maid outfit with cat-ear ornament on her headdresses.

The second was a mature woman with long light-blue hair that began turning shades purple at the tips mostly in two long braids, calculating lilac eyes, ornaments that looks like Yin-Yang symbols attach to her head (the yin side on the left side while yang is on the right) and wore a flamboyant blue Chinese dress that did nothing to hide the cleavage of her large breast.

The last one was a slightly tan adolescent young girl with long light-blue hair in a single thin braid that stretches pass her knees, lilac eyes matching the mature woman only in color as they display dullness and boredom, and wore glasses. She wore a scarf over her head, which hid only a little of it, and wore a blue miniskirt school-like uniform. She also carries an accounting book.

"Welcome to Jo-Shou," the maid bowed once we close enough, "new governors of Jo-Shou…"

"We have been awaiting your arrivals," the mature lady smiled as the adolescent girl silently nodded.

"Really?" Touka-chan managed, "and you three are…?"

"My name is Chin-Kei; my common is Kanyu," the mature lady introduced before indicating the adolescent girl, "And this one is my daughter, Chin-Tou Genryuu. We belong to the most influential of the family clans in Jo-Shou…"

Chin-Tou gave a respectful bow but did little else.

"…My apologies. My little Suu is a girl of action rather than a girl of conversation…"

"So I see," I noted with a smile. Historically, both Chin-Kei and offspring Chin-Tou eventually serve Sou-Sou after causing the downfall of Ryo-Fu; these two made their clan highly regarded to both historical Ryuu-Bi and Sou-Sou before their death. After giving a nod of acknowledgement, I turn to the smiling maid, "And you are…?"

"My name is Kin; Family name is Son; Common name is Kouyuu," the maid introduced herself, bowing gracefully while holding her skirt with her fingertips to present her drape beautifully, "I am the Head Maid of palace of Ka-Hi, in charge of the Castle Maid Brigade…"

"…? The Castle Maid Brigade?" Aisha repeated in confusion.

"It is a recently establish castle squad here in Jo-Shou," Chin-Kei informed, "Instead of using soldiers to patrol and guard the castle, the Castle Maid Brigade does all of that as well as the usual maid duties. It has been in use here since the late governor of Jo-Shou had approved it…"

"…Late?" It was only now that I notice that the maid brigade all wore white with a solemn expression. "…Could it be…?"

Son-Kin smiled sadly. "Just this morning, the late master Tou-Ken has passed away. We are sent in place of our late master …"


After proper introductions are made, Touka-chan and I were led by Chin-Kei, Chin-Tou and Son-Kin into the castle towards a memorial service while everyone else went about to settle things in.

"…The Late Master had been extremely ill for quite some time," Son-Kin informed once we arrived, "So much so that he is unable to maintain the order of Jo-Shou, despite our help. Regardless, when he heard that the Descendant of Imperial Royalty and the Messenger from Heaven are ordered to govern Jo-Shou the Late Master was overjoyed. He truly wish to meet you two at least once and await patiently for your arrive. Sadly…"

"In that regard," Chin-Kei sighed, "At the very least, we brought you here in the hopes that his spirit can meet you two and rest in peace…"

"…I see," Touka-chan nodded sadly in understanding before kneeing in front of the memorial and bowed in respect. I followed suite, right alongside her. "Lord Tou-Ken. We are deeply sorry that we could not have meet as you have hope; fate did not allow us to meet even once in life. Please rest knowing though that Kazuto-kun and I shall do everything in our power to ensure the safety of the province you left to us…"

After bowing deeply one more time, we stood up and offer one more silent prayer before turning back to Son-Kin, Chin-Kei and Chin-Tou.

"…Hoh~?" Chin-Kei hummed in amusement as she glare with delight into our eyes, "It would appear that the two of you wish to begin your work already~!"

Touka-chan nodded with determination. "Lord Tou-Ken left this world with much regret. If it is any consolation, we want to show his linger soul that we shall keep our promise…"

Chin-Kei nodded in approval. "Very well then, you can expect my full corporation in your endeavor. I have been helping maintaining public order in Ka-Hi, so please consult should you have any question concerning the well-being of the city…"

"As one who is in charge of the interior of the castle," Son-Kin voiced, "I have been handling the paperwork concerning the political and economic subjects, though as a mere maid I can only organized and sort them; I shall lead the two of you to the study room later to deal with them…"

"…P-Paperwork?" Touka-chan sweat nervously, before shaking her concerns off, "I-I understand!"

"Calm down, Touka-chan," I chuckled in amusement, placing a comforting hand on her shoulder, "I'll help too…"

"…Thanks…"

I smiled before turning to Chin-Tou. "Will you be helping too?"

Chin-Tou gave me a silent nod as her mother spoke in her place. "My daughter has been handling the agricultural and the military aspect of the province…"

"Military?"

"She is not as well-versed as those in your inner circle, but she knows enough to keep the Jo-Shou Army ready to defend Ka-Hi. Though her true worth at the moment is in agriculture…"

"An army can't move on an empty stomach. Will you be alright if have your undivided attention in the agriculture for now?"

Chin-Tou gave a nod in response.

"…This is only temporary. Once things calm down, I'll have someone else take over and have you get back in the military…"

The eyes of Chin-Tou widen a bit in surprise before giving exactly three quick nods.

"Oho~?" Chin-Kei hummed in awe, "It appears you have gotten in my daughter's favor a bit…"

I chuckled nervously. "I had a feeling there was a reason for her taking the tasks of handling both the agricultural and the military aspect; my guess was right apparently…"

"Oh~? You can make such a quick judgment. It would appear the Late Lord was right to be happy with your arrival…"

"I'm glad we both got your approvals. Now, Son-Kin…"

"At your command," Son-Kin saluted.

"Can you go call the generals and strategist we brought along? We need them to discuss how to start strengthening Jo-Shou right away…"

"We got a mountain of things to do with little time," Touka-chan added, "I do not wish to disappoint the people of Jo-Shou by wasting any more time. We wish to hold a discussion on solving the problems in the province now!"

Son-Kin blinked at our reasoning before nodding with a smile. "As you command!"


It wasn't long before the meeting hall of the castle was pack with everyone important. There were Aisha, Rinrin, Ren, and Denden-chan representing our military faction; there were Shuri, Hinari, Rairai-chan, and Nenene representing our strategic faction; there was Yue, Ei, Son-Kin, Chin-Kei, Chin-Tou, Touka-chan and me representing the domestic faction.

"Chin-Kei-san," Touka-chan began, "Please explain to us the current circumstances of Jo-Shou at the moment to the best of your ability…"

Chin-Kei nodded and cleared her throat. "Ahem. As of right now, Jo-Shou has a number of problems; the peaceful province is now riddled with so much ever since the Late Lord became sickly. Bandits have grown in numbers; words are that they may have migrated from other province and rumors claims remnants of the Yellow Scarves are among them. Due to the increase of bandit activities, civil order within the province has diminish; rumors are that various magistrates in the region are taking advantage of the diminishing civil order to increase their own pockets and influence. In other news, there are various civil issues and court cases that remain undealt with, sowing even more mistrust among the common people; some cold cases are starting to unnerve the people's trust in our ability to safeguard them…"

"…So adding to bandit upheaval we have problems within our own governing system," Aisha grimaced.

"The management of Late Lord was not terrible," Shuri noted, "It was just that the Late Lord of Jo-Shou has commit most of the cornerstone of his well-establish policy onto himself. Once he was gone, the pillar that held up the Jo-Shou began to crumble, hence the current situation…"

"In other words," Yue frowned sadly, "The system only works as long as the Late Lord of Jo-Shou was alive…"

Everyone hummed in thought, pondering how to best deal with the problem.

"…The hint of the solution should be somewhere in there," I muttered in thought.

"…? Hint?" Nenene gave me questionable look.

"Ah~, it's one of my family mottos: 'don't think of the problem; think of the solution'," I turn back to Chin-Kei, "Can you also give me a rundown on how the Late Lord Tou-Ken had dealt with these problems until he became ill?"

"…I can answer those inquires, Master," Son-Kin announced, "The Late Lord Tou-Ken, when dealing with bandits, would arrange a series of small units to track down and identify certain bandit gatherings before slowly diminishing their force over a number of days before gathering a sufficient force to surround and force the remaining bandits into submission. With magistrate problems, The Late Lord will organized routine inspections, the order of which is completely random; during these inspections, every citizens are interview to get a good grasp on the county's condition. As for the various civil issues and court case, the Late Lord personally dealt with them as well, usually as soon as possible for serious cases or after a brief period of silences for minor cases…"

"Ugh," Ei grumbled in displeasure, "I can see a mountain full of problems already with that kind of approach if we try doing the same…"

"The bandits have become larger in number," Rairai-chan sweat dropped, "whereas even if we do inspections in the region, it won't change the fact that the magistrates may still be able to retain the majority of their swindle riches. On that note, the various civil issues and court cases has been left unattended for a long period of time…"

"Is that really a problem~?" Denden-chan wondered.

"Yeah," Rinrin added, "can't we just swoop in, make a quick choice on who's right or wrong, and be done with it?"

"…It cannot be that simple," Touka-chan sweat dropped.

"Indeed," Aisha nodded, "The concern is how we can make both party be satisfy with our decision after having their cases neglected for so long…"

"But Tou-Ken did that too~!"

"The Late Lord Tou-Ken remains uninvolved in some of those cases for a short time to allow both parties in an issue calm themselves down from the heat of the issue," Shuri explained, "That way, when he finally does intervene, both parties can be reason into accepting his judgment. But there is a delicate timing for it; if the issue is left alone too long, the heat of the issue will return. The Late Lord must have been able to judge how long it took before the situation is calm enough to allow his involvement…"

"Nyah~! Rinrin doesn't get it~!"

"Denden does not get either~!" Denden-chan playfully stuck out her tongue in shame.

"…It's like with food," I offered.

"Food?"

"Yeah~, a freshly cooked steam bun would be too hot to eat right away sometimes, so you let it sit about until it cools down enough to eat. However, if you leave it too long, the steam bun won't be tasty regardless…"

"Oh~!" Rinrin awed, "Rinrin can relate!"

"Right? That's how it is with these civil issues and court cases…"

"Nyah~! That is a problem then…"

"The major problem of these troubles is time," Hinari noted, "Too much time has elapse since the problems began thus they have erupted into large problems with no easy solutions…"

"…? So you have already thought of several solutions to the problems?" Touka-chan asked hopefully.

Hinari gave a trouble expression. "I would not exactly call them 'solutions'. For the bandits, all we can hope for is wipe them all out in as few encounters as we can. For the magistrate problems, we may have to use our newly obtain authority and apply pressure on them, keeping them in line. As for the various civil issues and court cases, we just have to make fair judgment and satisfy one of the two parties…"

"As much as I hate to admit it, that is our only course of action at the moment," Ei sighed.

"…Somehow, that kind of handling leaves a bit of a bitter aftertaste," Touka-chan sighed.

As everyone else began to sigh in contemplation, I went into deep thought. There were some points in what Hinari suggest; the bandit problem is too large now to be dealt with slowly so confronting them in decisive battle is the best course of action to rid Jo-Shou of its raiding problems. Apply pressure to the magistrates might be able to spook them into behaving and no longer blindly filling their pockets. As for the various civil issues and court cases, in order to quickly deal with them while displaying our authority, one party must be satisfy while the other suffer with some dissatisfactions. Essentially, the strategy is to act quickly while showing everyone that we're serious about managing the Province.

But Touka-chan is right about thinking that kind of method leads to a bitter aftertaste. Dealing with the bandits in such a way will no doubt cripple our fighting force; the magistrates will still keep their swindle wealth and may also consider other more sinister ways to fill their pockets, after all the more you tell someone not to do something the more they want to tempt fate; satisfying one side of the various civil issues and court cases sound nice, but that still means there will be unsatisfied people who would take things into their hands and cause a bigger issue afterwards. Basically the problem with our strategy is that it will cause even more problems later on.

If we're worry about the future, we can't afford to deal with the karma that comes with our quick response. But if don't hurry and solve the issue, the people of Jo-Shou will begin to question us and more problems could be added on top of our current issues. Truly a dilemma that irks us who dream of creating a benevolent world.

But it is because we are trying to create such a world that we must surpass this trail, or so I believe. I made that declaration, and so did everyone else, so we have to make this work out.

With that in mind, I began searching through my memories, that of my own world, to find a suitable solution. My own world has its own sets of problems, but the knowledge of that world might still be able to help out here in this world. I search through all my knowledge, from subjects I learn in school to my personal knowledge in my training.

"… …So current methods of this world don't satisfy us, huh," I finally mumbled aloud after considering the pros and cons of my ideas in my head.

"…? My Lord?" Aisha gave me questionable look as I stood up, gaining everyone's attention.

"I have some ideas I want to try. If it works—no, it will work we—everyone will not be left with a bitter taste…"

"…? Seriously!?" Ei gave me a doubtful look, "You are still going to satisfy everyone!?"

"There is no need to push yourself to look good now," Nenene gave a sigh, "No one is going to blame you for not being able to act like a heavenly being, being unable to-…"

"I'm dead serious!" I gave a firm reply; the tone of my voice must have been usually uncharacteristic of me because Nenene and Ei immediately flinched into silences, "Touka-chan, Aisha, Rinrin and I…we made a vow to create a better world where everyone can live peacefully; that was our resolve! So we can't do this halfheartedly; when we say that we're going to make a better world for everyone, we mean
everyone
!"

Everyone gave my words some consideration before nodding slowly in agreement.

"Okay, My Lord," Shuri began, "What does My Lord have in mind?"

I straight myself and began. "First, the bandit problems. Our initial idea is to seek them out and destroy them; I don't think we should do that! Instead, we should have them come to us!"

"…P-Pardon?"

"Son-Kin-san," I turn to the Head Maid, "Do we have a map of Jo-Shou here?"

"W-Why yes," Son-Kin nodded and left for a bit only to return with a large map that hung up for everyone to see, "Here is the most accurate map of Jo-Shou…"

I nodded in approval before turning to Chin-Tou. "Chin-Tou-san, can I ask you to mark all the villages that have strategic defensive capability but also for high vulnerability to bandits currently?"

Chin-Tou gave me an assessment stare before nodding and complying.

"…W-What exactly do you have in mind, Kazuto-kun?" Touka-chan wondered not long after Chin-Tou was done with marking a few villages on the map with pins.

I decided to not answer Touka-chan alone and turn to everyone, especially eyeing Shuri, Hinari and Nenene.

"You three," I addressed, "I want the three of you to cooperate together along with Aisha, Rinrin, Ren and Denden and form bases of operations at any five of these location, preferably as far apart from each other as you can. You'll all be moving together from each of those locations one by one while carrying the current valuable assets of Jo-Shou in our hands with you …"

"Nyah!?" Rinrin gave an uncomfortable look, "What for!?"

"The valuable assets will act as a lure for the bandits; once you reach your destination feel free to spread the rumor of what you've brought once you formulate a plan to take them all out; give the excuse that you are going about delivering relief supplies or something. But Strategists!"

"Y-Yes!?" Hinari managed.

"Have the majority of your plans consists of defensive maneuvers with as few casualty as possible for our army…"

"What-!? That is impossible!" Nenene proclaimed, "Dangling the bait in front of our prey but using hardly anything to take them out!?"

"With the three of you, you can make it work. I believe in your capabilities to use the bare minimum to achieve maximum results…"

"…!? T-That is unfair~~!" Nenene blushed at my words.

"I also have full trust that you all will be able to provide the strength necessary for their plans to succeed," I addressed the four generals I had assign to the three strategists.

"…My Lord!" Aisha gasped at my trust.

"N-Nyah~!" Rinrin blushed before thumping her flat chest, "Yosh~! Rinrin will go through fire and water and listen to Shuri, Hinari and Nenene to wipe out those bandits~!"

"Leave it to me, My Lord~!" Denden-chan chimed, "Denden will help take out lots of bandits~!"

"…My Lord, a question if I may?" Shuri suddenly asked, "What of the citizens of those villages? How should we move them out?"

"You don't," I gave them my answer immediately, "They'll remain in the villages as you defend it…"

"What-!?" Ei exclaimed in shock as Yue stared at me silently, "Are you insane!? What happen to all that talk about make the world a better place for everyone!?"

"There is no safe place left in Jo-Shou to send them to; this is a province in turmoil. The safest place would be where the army is station. Our soldiers will fight even harder if they knew that lives would be at stake should they fail, not to mention, the villagers will be eye-witnesses to alert the bandits of the bait and for seeing our army being more than just talk…"

Ei became silent after I was done explaining.

"…But are you seriously going to put those people in harm's way?" Yue managed in worry.

"Protecting them isn't the same as saving them; I also want the citizen of Jo-Shou to understand this. We're not invincible, we can't be expected to do the impossible, and we can't be soft with our methods. They could only understand this by being in harm's way and having our soldiers defends them. It'll be dangerous for them to go on without realizing that…"

"… …I see," Yue suddenly smile in understanding, "You really are thinking about the people…"

I smile in gratitude before turning to Shuri, Hinari and Nenene. "Use whatever method to take care of the bandit problems, be it recruiting some of them or eliminating all of them. I'll leave the decision to you all…"

"…Understood!" Shuri, Hinari, and Nenene gave firm nods.

"Now, with the magistrates problems," I turn next to Chin-Kei, "Chin-Kei-san, are you by any chance acquainted with any number of merchants?"

"…? Yes, a great number of them seeing as how I am the head of the most influential clan in Jo-Shou," Chin-Kei nodded, "But what does that have to do with the magistrates of the provinces?"

"They'll be helping us later on. For now, our weapon to use on the magistrates is taxes…"

"Taxes, you say?"

"Wait, My Lord," Rairai-chan began, "That kind of approach could backfire. The magistrates could simply exploit the common people for the taxes…"

"That'll only work if what we're collecting is the common currency of coins. But we'll instead we'll have them pay in crop yielding…"

"C-Crops yielding?"

"If they have to pay in crops yielding, like wheat or potatoes, they will have to buy it…"

"They do not have to, My Lord. They can just charge the farmers on their land to-…"

"Chin-Tou-san is currently in charge of the province's agricultural management. Swindling crops will gain her attention, as well as our own thus they can be charges with obstructing the government projects under law…"

"…Ah-!" Rairai-chan gasped in realization as Chin-Tou gave me a shook expression.

"…You've guessed it, Chin-Tou-san. This plan will make full use of your ability to protect the farmers under you…"

At that, Chin-Tou gave a determine nod.

"But with this plan we will end up with the crop yielding of the entire Province though," Chin-Kei reminded.

"That's where the merchants will come in. We'll lend the crops and expect them to pay back later in the form of taxes and you'll have to recommended them to sell throughout our provinces. I'm planning to have the magistrates offering…say, Ten Thousand worth of crop in in weight, maybe?"

"T-Ten Thousand catty of crops!?" Touka-chan exclaimed, "That will leave the people with hardly anything to eat!"

"But they will have plenty of money on hand after the magistrates paid them for it. And money is bait for merchants that will come by with the much needed foods…"

"…Ah-!"

"And by selling those foods, they'll be able to repay us for lending the crops to them in the first place. And with that money we can use them to increase the productivity of the province…"

"So in way," Chin-Kei smirked, "You will take an indirect way to obtain the magistrate's unnecessary wealth while also circulating wealth through the market, huh?"

"There's that. But I also want to fix the value of our money…"

"The value of our money?"

"I want people in Jo-Shou to realize where the true worth of the currency comes from; I don't the people to keep thinking that money is worth more than the food that is keeping them alive…"

Chin-Kei considered me for a moment before smiling. "I shall get together the regional merchants I am acquainted with as soon as possible then…"

I gave Chin-Kei a bow of appreciation Rairai-chan. "Rairai-chan, please help Chin-Tou-san with managing the agriculture projects; I'll talk to you all later about additional projects I have in mind…"

"Understood!" Rairai saluted professionally, "I shall ensure that no one will harm even the tiniest hair on any farmers!"

I sweat dropped with a nervous smile before addressing Chin-Tou. "Chin-Tou-san, you're in charge of her movements, please try to make sure Rairai-chan doesn't burn herself out from overworking…"

Chin-Tou blinked at my request before giving me an amused smile and nodded.

"Son-Kin-san," I addressed the Head Maid again, "You shall remain with Touka-chan and help her with the documents management…"

"As you command," Son-Kin bowed in acknowledgement.

Touka-chan gave me a perplex look in response. "But what will Kazuto-kun do then?"

"I will manage the various civil issues and court cases that have been left unattended…"

"Are you sure that is a good idea, My Lord?" Aisha questioned my decision in concern, "Just because you are the new Governor of Jo-Shou, it does not mean everyone is going to accept your decision in their matter…"

I smiled knowingly. "You're right, I bet I'll get a lot of disproval as Hongou Kazuto… …But as the 'Messenger from Heaven', that's a different story…"

"…! I see now," Shuri awed, "My Lord will use the rumor about how you are heavenly messenger to give a greater impact on your decision making!"

"That's one part. The other is to get a confession for any wrongdoing either party is hiding. If we can force a thief to admit his crime under the law in a fair manner, no can find grounds to be unhappy with any of my decisions. Don't worry though, I'll make fair and thorough judgment based on the facts I have and will find…"

"…I suppose that could work," Ei admitted before sighing, "Though I kind of wish I could do more than being a maid to help out…"

"…? You want to help out, Ei-sensei?" Nenene questioned in startled.

"…Yue is no doubt thinking the same…" Ei sighed as Yue gave a nervous chuckle.

"Yue, you can help Touka-chan and Son-Kin-san," I addressed, "And if Ei so insist, she can help me in my work…"

"Huh!?"

"I said I'll pass proper judgment on each cases base on the facts, but I may need some assistance and advice…"

"… …I see," Ei pouted.

"You don't sound happy…"

"Was the plan not for both Yue and I is stay out of government affairs?"

"Helping me solving the civil issues and court cases isn't government affairs; it's civil service and at most you'll only be listed as my assistant…"

"… …That is true, I suppose…"

"Ei-chan," Yue urged with puppy eyes, "Please help Our Lord out with his endeavor~!"

"Ugh-!" Ei flinched, seeing Yue acting like that and after a few seconds being expose to those puppy-eyes, she gave a sigh of defeat, "I-I get it~! I shall assist him~…"

"…! Ei-chan, thank you~!" Yue hugged Ei in affection, "I love so much~!"

"Wait-! Yue! L-Love is a bit much-!"

"… …Ei," Ren, who has been quiet the entire time, suddenly hugged Ei from behind (since Yue is hugging from the front), "… …Help…Our Lord… …Keep…safe…"

"Ren! You do not need to hug me too to tell me that! I get it already, so let go~~~!"

Everyone laughed at the interaction before a cough for attention one last time. "Everyone, the coming days which could extend to at least a month will be incredibly hectic for all of us, but let's do our best to make this province into a great one!"

"YEAH~~!" Everyone cheered. And so, our work in Jo-Shou began.


It has been two days since the strategy has been decided and the group tasked with the dealing of bandits had arrived at the first designated village. On the outside, they were simply delivering valuable supplies to the village, but it was really a cover-up to eventually eliminate the bandits close to the area.

After explaining to the village chief, the group held a meeting to decide the next course of action before rumors of the valuable cargo reached the ears of the bandits in and around the area.

"…As far as the villagers can tell us," Nenene informed, "the stronghold of the local bandits is located about Seven Li northeast from the village; their numbers are close to Ten Thousand. If we counting all of the bandits that are close enough to join, we're talking about six different groups with little difference in terms of numeric strength…"

"Nya-Ha~!" Rinrin meowed confidently, "So roughly Sixty Thousand in all? They shall be easy if Rinrin goes out there!"

"Don't forget Ren-dono, now!"

"Oh yeah. Her too…"

"No," Hinari denied after humming in consideration, "even considering the fact we have Fifteen Thousand, the difference between our fighting forces are too great…"

"The village is also rather poor in terms of prolonging or siege battle," Shuri added, "The village is surrounded by walls unsuited withstanding battles and only natural defense in a deep river which is currently running dry…"

"And let us not forget that Our Lord insisting that our battle plans consist of mostly defensive tactics," Aisha reminded, "though I am unsure as to why Our Lord would give us such a command…"

"It partly to conserve as much of our fighting force as possible; if there is another reason, it is that we want to make ourselves weaker force than are in reality…"

"Weaker?"

"Bandits enjoy slaughtering the weak and the helpless; by making ourselves look weak the bandits would be more incline to stick around so that we can eliminate them while also drawing in more bandits to quicken our task…"

"Really~?" Denden-chan awed in her own usual way, "Gathering up all those meanies and wiping them out in one go~? That sounds fun~!"

"…Well, Nenene am not laughing," Nenene grumbled, "This is a large task he is entrusting us with; Nenene is glad he is not looking down on us but do you not think that guy is putting too much faith into us?"

"If Our Lord is placing so much trust in us, we have to answer it accordingly," Aisha lectured, "That is one of the great difference between a simple lord and a wise lord; with most other, people with talent cannot display their prowess…"

"U-Ugh, Nenene knows that! No need for the lecture!"

Denden-chan giggled mischievously. "When it comes to Our Lord, General Kan-U goes all lovely-dovely dedicated~!"

"…!? T-That is not true!" Aisha flushed bright red, "I am simply stating the obvious fact that a servant must be joyous in being entrusted with so much responsibility rather than complaining!"

"Tsundere~ (Introvert Love)!"

"…!? …Bi Shiho, your sister is not here to save you this time!"

"Ah~! Internal conflict~!" Denden-chan hid behind Shuri and Hinari, though she didn't sound all that scared, "An ominous sign of failure to come~!"

"Do not claim such ill-omened tall-tales!"

"Aisha, let it go for now~!" Shuri sweat dropped, before coughing to get everyone back on track, "Anyhow, we must hurry and devise a strategy to fulfill Our Lord's wish to bring peace to the surrounding area…"

"…Yes, or we cannot return to face Our Lord and Lady…"

"Let us return with something we can be proud of!" Nenene finalized.

With a collective nod, the group returns to the task of preparing against the bandits.


Meanwhile, back in Ka-Hi in the household of Chin-Kei Kanyu…

"…This certainly is the most unusual favor you have ever asked of us, Lady Kanyu," one of the twelve merchants in the meeting voiced, "Is this what you truly wish for us to do?"

"That is correct," Chon-Kei nodded, "Soon the province shall be asking for a huge demand of food products, and I want you all to spear front the delivery of the high-demand products…"

"And you shall provide these products once you receive payment from us. We are also allowed to pay you for the products at a later time through a form of 'merchant tax', am I correct?"

Chin-Kei nodded. "You are also allowed to merchant the product elsewhere, but the tariff shall be Twenty Hundred Coins for moving products outside the province…"

"Twenty Hundred in Coin! You certainly know how to dissuade us from venturing beyond the scope of your influence…"

"…If you want to profit from war, stand where the sparks will fly at you," Chin-Kei suddenly recite, "Successful merchants knows what their clients want and where the products are most need, hence they reap the profit with little to no resistances. Placing trust in that alone, I want your cooperation in our endeavor…"

The merchant blinked. "…And what exactly is your endeavor?"

"To have the province flourish with new opportunity and a vast circulation of wealth…"

"Hoh~?"

As the twelve merchant began whispering to themselves in discussion, Chin-Kei remain silent as she simply smile before nervously remember her discussion with me the other day…



(Flashback to the previous day…)


"…
No matter what happens during your meeting with the merchants," I instructed, "Always smile with full confidences. Merchants, the most skillful ones, should be able to detect any weakness in you and exploit it. If this is going to work, we can't give them that chance…"


"…
I suppose you are right," Chin-Kei nodded in agreement, "But will that alone work? I mean, we need to tell them what it is we want them to do; could they not take advantage of that?"


"
You can tell them what we want them to do, but only gives hints that there is a larger picture to that…"


"
May I inquire why I must dangle something so precious in front of them?"


"
Human are greedy. The merchants know that and profit from it, but in the end they're humans too and greediest kind; that is there weakness which we're going to take advantage of…"


"
Weakness?"


"
They want to profit, and profit big time. So long as they know there is even more richness hidden somewhere, they won't exploit you just yet. In other words, you can hold the initiative…"



Chin-Kei had her doubts about what I said the other day, but now she is thankful for the advice. The merchant, as experts, recognized the implied big picture and had yet to make any sort of demands that seems questionable. She was also glad that I gave her some of my "business phrases" which seem to unnerve the merchants enough to deter them from obtaining the initiative in the conversation.

"…I might as well add this while you all are speaking among yourselves," Chin-Kei suddenly announced, "It has already been decided that I am to take part in large scale investment in name of the province, which should begin by the end of the month…"

"A large scale investment?"

"You can think of it as a project we are attempting, but we are currently lacking the resource for it…"

"…I see, you are talking about expanding the borders of Jo-Shou eventually…"

Chin-Kei simply smiled.



(Flashback)


"…
As the one holding the initiative, we have the right to decide what information to reveal as well as what we keep hidden," I reminded Chin-Kei, "But, no matter what, we can't lie to them about anything…"


"
What-!?" Chin-Kei frowned, "But to avoid telling them anything while dangling such bait before them…!"


"
We must gain the merchants' cooperation. For us to reach our final goal, we can't afford to lie. In the end we can't give them an edge they can use to take advantage of or not trust us later…"


"… …
So what My Lord is saying is that as long as we do not lie, anything else is possible to divert their awareness of our overall goal is fine?"


"
That's right," I smirked deviously, "It's alright to let them assume things with their own ideas…"



How was that? I did not lie, My Lord; they were the one who assume wrongly~!

Chin-Kei seriously wanted to boast then and there, but she is well aware of her situation and continues to smile on the outside.

"…To that end," Chin-Kei continued, "We will soon require a large amount of raw material supplies, for which we are entrusting you all to supply us as well eventually…"

"And what exactly will you will need?" one of the merchant inquired.

"…I cannot tell exactly as I am not the mind behind the project, but I will say that the amount we are willing to spend is about enough to build twenty well-established cities…"

"Twenty!? That astronomical!"

Chin-Kei nodded as the merchants went into deep thoughts.



(Flashback)


"
Setting the bar high with a vague floor of profit," I instructed, "and the merchants can only calculate upward. No matter how they look at it, they could only see profit in their future should they cooperate…"


"
Will that really work?" Chin-Kei managed in worry.


"
We're living in an era that it is more profitable to take lands rather than exploiting it. The merchant will be thinking the same if you place a price floor at a high amount. Once they think that, they'll think the rewards of such an operation will lead to lots of money; they'll want to believe that is true; when someone wants to believe something is true, they usually will. Even more so if they're merchants…"



"…Of course, we are not expecting to receive those resources without paying," Chin-Kei added, "Once the project is complete, we shall give you all full details about our project and shall also be in need of someone to help manage the economical end results. New frontiers will be open as well as an expect amount of migration, all of which we plan to be place under the care of the most resourceful individuals…"

"…Are you saying," one of the merchant managed, "there is a chance we can perform our business in newly establish frontiers?"

"Once the project is complete, it is possible. Merchants are the most honest when it comes to using the language of profit and loss as the common language. It is in my own personal belief that only merchants can keep business running smoothly and constantly…"

"Meaning even more profit in the long run…"

Chin-Kei nodded, recognizing that she had made it through the rough part. Now she must offer the lifeline I told her to do. "Of course, asking just one merchant to supply all the much needed resources is a bit too much to ask. Therefore, if all of you provide at least an equal amount of your resources, we can at least guarantee a region worth where you can do business as you see fit…"

"A region at least!?"

"I-I accept those terms!" One of the merchant suddenly declared.

"I-I as well! I shall provide the request will eventually make!"

"I have decided!" Another merchant voiced, "I shall accept your proposal and provide your needed resources; you can even make me your sole sponsor!"

"…! That is not fair!" Another merchant proclaimed.

"I will not allow you to take all the profit for yourself!" Another merchant declared.

Chin-Kei smiled in delight as she watches the merchant arguing among themselves; my suggestions had worked perfectly.

"Now, everyone," Chin-Kei coughed for attention, "Let us be civil about this…"

Thus the conversation continues head down the Head of the Chin Clan's favor.


Meanwhile, in the courthouse of Ka-Hi…

"…It could not be anyone else but him!" The accuser pointed an angry finger at the defendant, "He cursed my field so that my wheat would go bad!"

"Rubbish!" The defendant declared, "It is you who curse my fields; that is why my crops could not grow at all!"

"You had no skill as a farmer! Do not blame me for inadequacy and curse my field!"

"I did not curse your field! You curse mine!"

"…Well, both claim the other with the ability to curse," I noted after thinking carefully, "So why don't you two curse each other already? The one who can curse the other to die on the spot shall be spare. If neither of you can do it now, both will be beheaded…"

"WHAT!?" The two farmers screamed in shock.

"Oi~!" Ei gave me a bewildered look, "What are you-!?"

"Well, what are you two waiting for?" I continued, ignoring Ei for the time being, "Start cursing; your lives depends on it~!"

The farmer stared at each other before bowing lowly to me.

"I-I have no such power, My Lord!" the accusing farmer declared in fear.

"I have not the power to do so!" the defendant farmer also cried, "And even if I did, I could not take the life of another with it! Please have mercy~!"

"Well then," I finalized, "it's clear now that neither of you two can curse anyone even with your life depending on it, let alone to simply curse each other's fields. So in this case, neither of you two can blame the other for what happen to your own fields…"

The two farmers looked at each other in astonishment before a soldier enters the courtroom and whispered into my ears.

"…My soldier has just informed me what he and his troop have discovered after investigating your fields. For the accuser's field, it would appear that you have been mixing into your soil cow manures directly; you field stinks of it. That is the cause of your crops going bad; even people must be able to breath in order to live and you suffocated your crops with that foul smell…"

"I-I see," the accuser bow his head in shame.

"As for the defendant's field, the ground you are working with was simply too dry; it is almost like sand now. I suggest you fill your field with fertile soil first before filling it with seeds of your crops…"

"I-I see now," the defendant lower his head in shame.

"Well, the case is nearly over now, so here is my final judgment…"

"…P-Pardon?" The farmers gave me a nervous glance.

"As farmers, you should not only learn to understand other farmers' dedication to their work but also respect the earth of which you are in charge of. Instead, you fail to recognize your land's hidden distress and merely pointed fingers at each other. So I penalize both of you with the loss of your lands for one year…"

"WHAT!?"

"In return, you shall be under supervision of my agricultural managing officer, Chin-Tou, and help fertilize or learn better farming practices until the suspension is over and the land is return to you both! Work together and learn from each other until then, understand?"

"Y-Yes, My Lord!"

I gave a nod. "If so, then this court session is now dismissed!"


"… …I have to admit," Ei sweat dropped later after the two farmers left and the courtroom is empty again for the time being, "You are handling these cases rather well…"

I gave a tired sigh. "When it all comes down to it, people are more concern about their lives rather than their measly troubles. Once they realize that, the sessions can proceed smoothly, at least for me…"

"…Still, there was no need to give them that punishment. Your job is to simple settle the conflict between them…"

"If I didn't do that, either of the two will eventually come back with someone else to accuse. And it wouldn't solve their crop problems which mean they can't make a living currently. Placing them under Chin-Tou-san's care would not only increase our agricultural yielding but also teach them proper farming techniques that will help them later on and guarantee support until they can be independent…"

"…I see. You are surprisingly thorough…"

"Even strategies and battles are not done halfheartedly; this can't be done halfheartedly either…"

Ei gave an amused huff before looking through her list. "Well, anyhow, with this there are only a few more cases out the fifty we started with; this is where we move into the more gruesome cases…"

I sighed deeply. "It can't be help; we're bound to handle them eventually. So which are we dealing with first?"

"…It is a sexual assault case," Ei managed, "A blind girl was assaulted and the perpetrator is caught…"

I gave a questionable look. "If that's the case, then what's there left to judge?"

"The perpetrator stubbornly claims he did not do it and the perpetrator's widow mother stubbornly claims so as well; she has been apparently petitioning in some way to have the case looked over thoroughly…"

"…? A widow mother?"

Ei nodded and I went into deep thought.

"…What is the matter?"

"…Call forth the session; I want to take a look into this as well…"

"…? O-Okay…"


Not long later, five people enter the court. One was a girl in her mid-teen; her unfocused eyes testify her inability to see. One was an old man who was leading the blind girl in; it was no doubt the girl's father. Then came a young scholar about his mid-teen; Ei inform me that he was the girl's fiancé. The next to enter was dressed in a criminal gown; he's no doubt the accused perpetrator. The last to enter was an old woman who hovers worryingly over the perpetrator; the widow mother she must be.

"This court is now in session," I declared before addressing to the blind girl, "Young lady, are you the victim of this case?"

"…Yes," the Blind Girl wept a bit.

"Your Grace," the Father suddenly voiced, "Why are you holding this court session? The matter is settled! Why must you bring my daughter to further-!?"

I bang the gravel for silence. "Do not speak until you are called upon! I am talking to your daughter!"

"Y-Yes, sire!"

I nodded before readdressing the blind girl. "Can you tell the court the event that led to tragedy of yours?"

"…As you wish," The Blind Girl nodded, "For years I have been in love with my beloved…" The Scholar stepped forward and gave a small hug to the Blind Girl. "But my Father would not accept him…"

"My daughter, that is all in the past now," the Father suddenly proclaimed to his daughter, "It was because of his poor-!"

I bang the gravel for silence. "Sir, must I remind again you that you can only speak when the court address you!?"

"M-My apologies!"

"Young Lady, please continue!"

"Yes," the Blind Girl nodded, "A day before the incident, I secretly met with my Beloved, where he told me he would try to gain fame to eventually ask my hand in marriage, but he need money to begin it. Thus I told him that at night I will venture out to meet him at the abandon shelter to deliver him some money and a few pearls form my jewelry to support him…"

"So venture out at night despite your handicap? That is quite brave and foolish in this era…"

"I realized that, but my feelings for my Beloved are stronger than my fear. That night, managed to work my way to the meeting area and soon someone tapped my shoulder. I thought it was my Beloved so despite him not saying anything I handed over the money and pearls. But no sooner did I do that he suddenly pushed me down and…"

"…I see. You did resist, right?"

"Yes! I was desperately trying to break free so I took my hairpin and began stabbing him, but after getting some clear shots I was suddenly slapped into unconscious. By the time I came to…"

I nodded in understanding when she came to a sudden halt. "So afterwards?"

"I managed my way back and informed my father who alerted the city guards. They soon capture the one who did it…"

"You scumbag!" the Scholar suddenly pointed an accusing finger at the perpetrator, "You ravish yourself on her! Death is the only-!"

I bang the gravel for silence. "Do not speak unless addressed so by the court!"

"…!? I-I am sorry…"

I nodded before turning back to the Blind Girl. "How did you know that the one that assault you was caught?"

"The one that was caught had a bruise mark on his forehead; it must have been from when I attacked him. When he was assaulting me, I notice that his pants were wet; the one that was caught also had wet pants. And he was also carrying my purse bag with the money I was planning to offer to my Beloved; it had a unique design, there is no other like it…"

I nodded before addressing to the perpetrator. "What do you have to say about this?"

"…I did not do it," the perpetrator proclaimed, "I did not assault any girl!"

"You-!?" the father glared but was stopped when I bang my gravel for silence.

"Then let me hear your side of the story. Explain yourself before the court!"

"Your Grace-!" The Scholar began but I stopped him by with a bang of my gravel.

"…I was fire patroller," The Perpetrator began, "though my mother and I live a poor life, we make a living by my mother's wood craving and my work alerting the populace to wary of fire outbreak at night. The night of the incident, I was doing my task as per usual when I happen upon the Scholar here, who seems to be in a panic hurry somewhere…"

"That is a lie!" The Scholar proclaimed, "I was elsewhere at the time-!"

I bang my gravel for silence. "Continue your story!"

"Well, despite running into him momentarily, I had paid no mind to it at the time and continue my work. Not long later, happen to notice a purse bag on the ground. Fill with momentary greed, I did not report in after seeing how much money was in it. Later, I decided to take a nap but I was suddenly awoken when a bunch of city guards apprehend me when they found the purse bag on me and I was accuse of sexually assaulting this girl…"

"But you did defy my daughter-!" The Father roared before I bang my gravel for silence.

"Then what is explanation for the bruise mark on your forehead?" I inquired.

"…After I retrieve the purse bag," the Perpetrator began, "fill with the thought of a better life thanks to his fortune, I tripped over and banged my head on a pile of firewood near the lumber shop…"

"And your wet pants?"

"When I tripped, it was over some buckets of water and my pant was wet then…"

"Excuses-!" The Father roared before I bang my gravel for silence.

"That is quite a series of coincidence," I noted, "If you were charge with a crime you did not commit due to a series of coincidence that would be sad reality…"

"…Huh?" Ei, who was recording everything that was happening in the session, managed in confusion.

"…Alright, Scholar!"

"Y-Yes!?" The Scholar managed when I suddenly addressed him.

"At the time of the incident, you were supposed to meet Your Beloved, no? Where were you at the time you were supposed to meet?"

"I…" The Scholar managed in shame, "At on the day of the incident, I was suddenly called out by my friends to join them on a drinking party out at a Traven near the outskirts of the city. During the drinking, I completely forgot the meeting and end up drunk. By the time I came to, it was already morning and My Beloved was…"

"…You happen to forget your meeting with Your Beloved the day you promise to meet her?"

"It was a mistake I regret to this day! If I had been there instead of forgetting and drinking…"

"…Then what is the explanation for the perpetrator claiming to meet you on the night of the incident, despite you supposedly being somewhere at the time?"

"I-I was not there! I truly was at the Traven getting drunk; you may ask my friends because they are my witnesses! Besides, from the Traven to the abandon shelter, it would take an hour by foot and an hour as well to return!"

"Oh~? You seem really knowledgeable about that~?"

"Uh…"

"…I will ask your friends about this," I informed before addressing the Blind Girl again, "Young Lady, a question off the topic if you do not mind…"

"…? Yes?" The blind girl managed questionably.

"How good is your memory?"

"Oh, very good, Your Grace! As a blind person with limited capability, of the many senses I have heighten, my memories are superb…"

"I see," I nodded before turning to everyone, "This session is hold for now. We shall continue this in two hours! During that time, I want the Perpetrator and the Scholar to be locked up in holding until then!"

"What-!?" The Scholar suddenly gasped, "Your Grace, why am I being apprehended!?"

"It is only a matter of procedure. Everyone shall attend the session once it resumes in in two hours. Court dismissed!"


"Oi, My Lord," Ei called to me once we are alone in the courtroom, "What is this all about? Is this case not obvious enough?"

"How is it obvious?" I inquired.

"The Perpetrator was merely making all that stuff up in the hopes of getting away with his crime!"

"Regardless, he had a story and we have to check it out. Ei-san…"

"Y-Yes?"

"Have some guards search both the perpetrator's house and the Scholar's house thoroughly…"

"…? What for?"

"For the other items that has been stolen but is currently missing…"

"… …! You mean…?"

"In the meantime, you shall go find the Scholar's friends and get their testimony. Pry in and record everything! I shall go talk to the Traven's owner in the meantime. Be back here in the next two hours…"

"G-Got it…" With a final nod, Ei went off to do as she was told and I soon start off with a few guards following.


Two hours later, the session resumes with everyone present once again.

"Scholar!" I addressed loudly, "Why did you lie in the court! Explain yourself!"

"Y-Y-Your grace!?" The Scholar went to his knees in fright by my loud angry voice, "I-I-I do not understand! What have I lied about!?"

"Are you still playing dumb!? You hid the full truth of your wrongdoing before court!"

"I-I did not! I spoke the whole truth!"

"I gave a chance to speak the truth here and now, yet you still feint ignorance, huh!? Fine then, I shall begin. You claim to have to have been at the Traven the entire time drunk on the night of incident, correct!?"

"Y-Yes, I was there the entire time-!"

"Rubbish! While you were present at the Traven, you weren't always there, were you!?""

"…!?"

"I've spoken to the Traven Owner and have gather testimonies from your friends! During the drinking party, you left for hour, didn't you!?"

"… …Uh, yes! N-Now I remember. I was pretty drunk when I suddenly had the urge to relieve myself, so I left the Traven…"

"For an hour!?"

"Y-Yes, but I do not see the significance of this…"

"Oh, you don't, huh~? We'll leave that for now then," I suddenly held up a small white bag, "Scholar, do you know what this I have in my hand is?"

"…? N-No?"

"This was found in a particular house," I noted before addressing the Father, "Sir, please confirm the content of the bag…"

I handed one the soldiers the bag who brought it over to the Father. When the father peered inside, he gasped in shock.

"T-These are the pearls from my Daughter's jewelry set!"

"I thought so," I huffed knowingly, "Do you want to guess where it was found?"

"In the house of this scoundrel!?" The Father glared at the perpetrator.

"…Dear Sir, you could not be any more wrong!"

"…? Then, where was it!?"

"…It was found," I glared back at the Scholar, "At your house!"

"…!?"

"What do have to say for yourself, Scholar!?"

The Scholar fidgets a bit before hanging his head in shame. "The morning after the incident, as I was on my way home, I happen across the pearls and out of momentary greed, I did not report them in…"

"You happen to find it on your way home after your drinking party huh~? What a coincidence~! So what about your pants at the time!?"

"P-Pardon!?"

"I have testimony from the Traven Owner and your friends that when you when you return from your hour-long business, your pants was wet! Care to explain that?"

The Scholar hung his head in shame. "Uh…it is embarrassing to say, but during my business, I must have been careless and wet them…"

"So it was also by coincidence that your pants end up wet huh~?"

"Y-Your Grace. What are you trying to imply?"

"…I'm implying that the one who is the true perpetrator of this incident…is none other than you!"

Everyone in the courtroom gave me a startle look.

"T-There must be some mistake!" The Scholar managed in fear, "I admit that I was wrong in keeping the pearls to myself, I should have reported them in. But when I heard of what had become of My Beloved, I was scared of what reporting them in will do so…"

"So you hid the fact you had them, huh? Is that really so, was it that you hid it so that no one could suspect you for what you really done!?"

"Your Grace! I cannot tolerate this injustice! You seem so bent on labeling me on just this series of coincidences! But least you forget it would have taken me one hour to get to the abandon shelter from the Traven and another hour to get back. As you heard from the testimonies, I was only gone for an hour! How can possibly be responsible!?"

"True, it would have taken you two hours to get to the abandon shelter and back to Traven…by foot! But what about by water!?"

"…!?"

"Near both the Traven and a bit away from the abandon shelter, there was a stream," I suddenly turn to the Perpetrator, "You! When you met the panicking Scholar, was he heading towards the stream!?"

"Y-Yes!" The Perpetrator nodded.

"Y-Your Grace! A moment please!" The Scholar managed, "I-I heard even by stream it would have taken about 45 minutes from the Traven to the area close to the abandon shelter…"

"I've looked into that as well," I nodded, "Yes, normally with that nearly shallow stream it would have taken 45 minutes to get from the Traven to the area close to the abandon shelter…"

"See!?"

"But that only applies during the day!"

"…!?"

"…!? What do you mean!?" Ei suddenly voiced what seems to be on everyone's mind.

"Don't you all know? During the night when the moon is present, water level rises considerably!"

"Yes, that happens around shorelines and lake banks…"

"It also happens in streams too! During that time, with the stream considerably higher it is possible to travel from Traven to the area near the abandon shelter in about 25 minutes and back in about 15 minutes…"

"…!? 25 minutes to the area near the shelter from the Traven, but 15 minutes on the way back!? Is that not a bit mismatching!?"

"You forget, Ka-Ku-san. The stream heads towards the Traven from area near the shelter!"

"… …Ah-!"

"That's right! While going against the current at the time, it would take longer; the trip back with the current is not only easier but faster. In other words, one can travel to and from the two areas in under 40 minutes!"

Everyone awed at my explanation before I continued.

"Here is what I believe happen on that night of the incident! In truth, the Scholar didn't forget his meeting with his Beloved at all. He purposely went with his friends to the drinking party at the Traven to establish an alibi, knowing full well that it is the common belief that there was no way to get to the meeting fast by foot. He used the excuse of relieving himself to get to the river and use a boat, which he prepared ahead of time, to get to the meeting in under 30 minutes. During that time getting there though, he must have rushed to get into the boat or onto the shore near the area close to the shelter and got his pants wet during that time. After he had his way with the Young Lady, he quickly rushed back to boat, but at the time dropped purse bag and met perpetrator then! Afterwards, he managed to get back just in time to establish the alibi that he was only gone for an hour and could not possibly done the task which, by means of traveling by foot, over Two Hours! That is how you really got your pant wet; that is how you end up with the pearls; that is how the suspect ended up with the purse bag; that is how you assaulted your 'Beloved'! Isn't that right, Scholar!?"

Everyone turn to the Scholar, wondering what he was going to say.

"…Where is the proof, Your Grace?" The Scholar suddenly questioned.

"Proof!?" Ei exclaimed, "The pearls are proof! As well as the testimony of your wet pant! It makes total sense!"

"They are all conjunctures! Just like with the perpetrator, this could all have been coincidence! Besides, there is always the chance that His Grace is just saying so to spare the perpetrator!"

"…!? You claim that the words of Heavenly Messenger to false!?"

"I am just saying that unless you can use more than just simple conjecture to pin the crime on me, there is no way anyone can truly accept all this!"

"You're right!" I suddenly declared, "Everything I said up to now was conjecture…"

"…!? What-!?" Ei gave me a startled look.

"You see?" The Scholar voiced, "His Grace is simply saying all of that! That will never hold up once he makes this report to Imperial Court!"

"You're right again," I nodded, "But that's only unless I can't produce evidence…"

"You cannot use the pearls on this, Your Grace! As I said, I just happen to-!"

"I'm not talking about using just that~!"

"…!?"

"Oh, foolish Scholar~! You brought to the court the evidence to condemn you right on your body!"

Everyone gave questionable glances at each other at my words as I addressed the Blind Girl. "You claim to have excellent memory, Young Lady?"

"Yes," the Blind Girl nodded, "I answered so two hours ago…"

"Then let's test that then, here and now. In the last court session, how many times did I bang my gravel?"

"…? O-Oi, My Lord," Ei managed in confusion, "What does this has to do with-?"

"…I heard Your Grace bang your gravel eight times," The Blind Girls answered my question.

"Ka-Ku-san," I suddenly called, "Can you confirm this?"

"…Uh," Ei, taken aback by the suddenly request, scan through her records, "… …! It is true!"

"That was two hours ago, and no one else remembers that, correct?"

Everyone, aside from the Blind Girl, nodded in hesitation.

"Well then, let me ask you then, Young Lady. You said that when the unknown man tried to assault you, you try to defend yourself by using your hairpin, correct?"

"Yes," The Blind Girl nodded firmly.

"Were they all direct hits?"

"Correct!"

"How many did you make on his body?"

"I made a total of seven stabs before being slapped to unconscious…"

"I see," I turn to some of the guards, "Remove the suspect's shirt and show me his back!"

The guards nodded before doing so. The suspect's back was bare, with no wounds.

"If he really was the one to assault the Young Lady, his body would bear the scars of her attempt to defend herself!"

I then turn to the nervous Scholar.

"Scholar, show me your back!"

The Scholar nervously fidgets. "… …I…"

"Guards!" I called, "Restrain him and show me his back!"

The guards instantly moved as the Scholar try to make a dash. It wasn't long before the guards remove his shirt to show that his back is riddled with seven distinctive stab marks. Everyone in the courtroom gasped upon seeing them (the Blind Girl gasped when she realized what everyone else has saw).

"You try to hide the truth with schemes! You try to blind the world of your wrongdoing! But you could not hide the one truth! In the end, one truth prevails! What do you have to say for yourself now, Scholar!?"

The guards release the Scholar as he collapse to the ground.

"…I was so close," The Scholar final spoke, "Just a bit more and I would have gotten away with it!"

The Scholar turns to the blind girl.

"I sorry, My Beloved! I did such a cruel thing to you~!"

The Blind Girl began shedding tears as the Father glared at the Scholar. "You Fiend! You dare still talk to my Daughter after you did this to her!?"

"Whose fault you think this is!?" The Scholar roared back in defiance, "You, who only think about backgrounds of a person!? Even if I succeeded in life, you would have never given your daughter to me! But if she was already soiled, no one would want her; that was the only way you would have handed her over to me! If I am at fault, you are ten times at fault; you caused this~~~!"

"So what!?" I suddenly roared, shocking everyone in the courtroom, "You took out your frustration on your Beloved in response!? And place the blame on an innocent man!? True, even if your plan had succeeded, in your effort you would have still ruined five lives! I would've brought death an innocent man; you would've cause the despair of loving mother; you've humiliated your Beloved with a shame of being dirty by another person; you've dishonor Your Beloved's father and his clan; most importantly, you've now humiliate yourself and your clan with the crime of assault and framing! You claimed to have done this to be with your Beloved; you know what I think? I think you just wanted to possess her, to make her yours; you didn't really love her and vile actions upon her prove it!"

The Scholar, by then, has collapse to the ground in a screaming wreck as he heard my words.

"Guards!" I ordered, "Lock the Scholar into the dungeon until his judgment is decided!"

The guards lead the Broken Scholar out towards the dungeon as I turn to the Falsely Accused Perpetrator.

"As for you! While it is true that you are innocent and your crime for assaulting the Young Lady is clear, I can't let you go unpunished for not reporting in that money which brought you this calamity!"

"I understand!" The suspect bowed, "I shall accept any punishment for my foolishness!"

"Then I sentence you to 20 beatings before you are release!"

"I will comply!"

"Court Dismissed!"


"…Impressive," Ei managed nervously once we are alone in the courtroom, "most impressive! I never thought you would use what we reported like this…"

I collapsed tiredly into my chair. "It's not easy getting angry like that…"

"…Y-Yeah…"

"…? What's wrong? You look like you've seen a ghost…"

"For a moment I thought I did!" Ei managed, breaking out in cold sweat, "The way deliver your conjectures and the way you got suddenly angry!? I thought the shivers I got during our first meeting when you lectured Kan-U were a fluke on your part. I did not realize you can actually get this mad sometimes; it was like you were a different person…"

I gave a nervous chuckle. "The angry part was my doing. As for all the fumes during me delivering my conjectures, I was mimicking a famous judge from my world's past; I've always wanted to try that out at some point…"

"I-Is that so…?"

"Well, anyway, after a short break, let's move on to the next case…"

"G-Got it…"


Meanwhile back with the Bandit Hunting Army…

It has been about a week since the army station there; the region is currently in the midst of a nearly week long monsoon.

By now, the plan to eliminate a large quantity of the residential bandits is underway. To that end, a manmade riverbed, equal to that of the original river, has been constructed to add to the river and now surrounds the village. Towers has been constructed as well: one near the village, one close to the mountain range a bit away from the village, and one overseeing a large lake that was quickly filling with water due to a constructed dam.

"…We are receiving reports of suspicious local bandit activity," Nenene informed at the meeting with everyone but Shuri present, "It looks like the bandits will be making their move soon…"

"There are even reports that nearby bandits setting up bases closer to here," Hinari added, "So far as we can tell, they are close enough to hear about any activity that will happen here…"

"It is now or never, huh?" Aisha muttered in worry, "The question is, whether we are truly ready to move against them as well…"

"If we mess up, it will not be easy to recover," Rinrin meowed in worry.

"No need to worry~!" Denden-chan chimed, "with this much rain happening for the pass days, we shall be ready in no time~!"

"…We are actually ready now," A happy voice claimed. Everyone turn to see Shuri walk in with a drenched umbrella.

"The lake is ready, Shuri-chan?" Hinari asked hopefully.

"Yes! We can start the plan immediately!"

"Then let us not anymore waste time!" Aisha declared and turns to Denden, "Bi-Hou! Gather the pre-establish force we arranged!"

"Okay~!" Denden-chan saluted before skipping off to do as she was told.

"Rinrin! Go tell the villagers to lock their doors, just in case!"

"I got it!" Rinrin nodded before running off.

"We shall go ahead!" Nenene announced as she and Hinari got up.

"Take care, you two," Shuri gave her parting words.

"Good luck back here!" Hinari answered back and head out with Nenene.

"Ren! Wake up!" Aisha shook awake Ren who was sleeping nearby, "Let us move!"

As soon as she was awake enough, Ren gave a nod and follow Aisha.


Soon there was a set of four platoons, one for each General. Shuri stood in front of them, ready to give her speech.

"Everyone listen carefully!" Shuri began, "You all shall be following General Kan-U, General Chou-Hi, General Bi-Hou, and General Ryo-Fu into battle against the local bandits in the area. There are about Ten Thousand of them, so there is no chance that with just all of you, you can wipe them out. No one expects you to be able to do that! Instead, you follow your General's instruction and slay as many as you can to draw their attention. After a short fight, your Generals shall direct you to retreat back here! Do not be late, for once as many of you return over the riverbed, we cut down the bridge; any that remains will be on their own! This will not deter the bandits as they will rush into the riverbed to climb over; the ruckus will no doubt draw the other bandit who position themselves closer to this area and cause them to join as well! As we hold off the bandits that will number roughly Sixty Thousand, listen well for the gong; once you hear that you all must get as far away from the riverbed as possible or risk being pulled into the trap we prepare! If everything works out, we would successfully conquer the bandit problems here! Everyone, return safely~!"

With a cheer of acknowledgement, the four Generals lead the way northeast…towards the bandits' hideout.


"…HAH~~~~!" Aisha gave a roar as she swung her Crescent Blade at the bandits around her, taking several bandits' lives.

"A-TA~~~~!" Rinrin bellowed as she swung her Viper Spear around her, reaping several tens of lives.

"… …Humph," Ren almost silently struck out with her halberd, the Heaven Piercer, taking tens of lives.

"Yah~~~!" Denden-chan's cheerful cries contradict her fierce attacks as she swatted away her opponents with swing of her Warhammer.

Bandits fell, one after another, but more soon took their place. Even with their platoon's aid, they couldn't seem to discourage the bandits from attack them. Fortunately, that's exactly what they want.

"…It looks like this is as much as we can afford," Aisha judge the situation and called out to everyone, "Everyone, withdraw! Do not fall behind!"

"… …Retreat!" Ren simply called and soon everyone began to head back to the village.

…Well, almost everyone…

"Rinrin! You as well!" Aisha lectured as she held the struggling Rinrin by the back of her collar and began to drag her back to the village.

"Nyah~! Aisha~!" Rinrin meowed in complaints, completely swept up in the moment and forgetting her mission, "Let Rinrin go~~! Let Rinrin clobber more bandits~~~!"


The bandits, not suspecting a thing, hurryingly chase after them with their entire force; they were dead set to take the riches and the village today!

Being smaller in numbers, Aisha and everyone else reached the village before the bandits. As soon as everyone was over, they cut down the bridge, cutting off the bandits' easy access to the village.

Undeterred, the bandits began to stream into the dry riverbed and start climbing up towards the village.

In responds, the soldiers began to fend off from getting up on solid ground. They knocked down every bandits that got too close to clearing the riverbed, while resisting the urge to us arrows for fear that they'll invoke the bandits' sense of caution.

Not ten minutes into the siege, more bandits appeared and started to try overcoming the dry riverbed. Anticipating this, the generals split off at the first sign. Aisha command the northern troops to keep the local bandits down in the riverbed; Rinrin took command the southern troops and held the front there from some of the new group of bandits; Ren took care of the eastern troops, helping them keep the bandits at bay; Denden was in charge of the western troops and fend off the bandits from that direction.

This carried on for about half an hour. By now almost all of the bandits were in the riverbed.

"…The time has come!" Shuri noted from up in the recently constructed tower. She peered over towards the mountain, where she could vaguely see the second tower they have constructed. Seeing that, she took a torch and began to move it in a circular motion.

At the second tower, where Nenene was station, she spotted the fiery signal and peered towards the third tower. As soon as she spots it, she too took up a torch and made a circular motion.

At the third tower, Hinari spotted the fiery signal and called down to the troops stationed at near the dam.

"Everyone~," Hinari called, "The time is now~! Break the damn~~!"

Complying without hesitation, the troops grabbed hold of a series of sturdy strings a pulled with all their might. The ropes were connected to a series of pillars that held the dam in place and as soon at the pillars were pulled free, the raging water that had built up behind the damn exploded out. The raging water soon flows swiftly down the dry riverbed, creating a raging river.

"Our first task is complete~!" Hinari, who had rushed down the tower, called and immediately board a ready horse, "Now we must be off to do our second task, everyone~! Follow my lead~~!"

With a cheer, the troops numbering in about a Thousand rush after Hinari as she gallop towards the village.


"…Reporting in!" A soldier called towards Nenene, who was mounting a steed of her own once she got down from the tower, "The scouts has confirm the release of the river!"

"Good!" Nenene nodded and turn to her own set of One Thousand Soldiers, "Everyone, we charge back the village and take out any bandits that did not fall victim to the trap~~!"

With a roar of acknowledgement, the troops follow Nenene back to the village.


From her vantage point, Shuri spotted the approaching raging river and immediately bang the gong loudly to alert everyone.


GONG! GONG! GONG!


"…!? That is the signal!" Aisha called and turn to her troop, "Everyone, fall back-!"

But as she issues the order, one of the climbing bandits managed to grab her legs but also end up slipping. As he fell back down, he ended up dragging Aisha down with him.

"General!" A soldier cried in alert, "General Kan-U has fell down into the riverbed~!"

Due to the shock of suddenly being dragged down, Aisha was left in a slight daze as she steadily upright herself to find that she was surrounded by leering bandits…and her Crescent Blade left up above the riverbed.

"Oh~! We got ourselves a woman~!" A bandit drooled.

"I call first dibs~!" Another bandit jeered.

Aisha clicked her tongue in frustration at her predicament and her own incompetence that led to this. As she pondered on how she was going to get out of this though…

"HAH~~~!" A childish roar erupted among the ranks of the bandits as bunch of them were sent flying. It wasn't long before enough bandits were sent flying out of the way that Aisha managed to identify who was causing the ruckus.

"…!? Bi-Hou!?" Aisha managed as the said child general swatted away a few more before making her way to Aisha.

"Denden heard you fell in, General Kan-U, so Denden came to help~!" Denden-chan chimed as she kept the bandits at bay with her swinging Warhammer, "Now get up, General~! We got to get out here~!"

"Yeah!" Aisha nodded and stood up.

With Denden-chan clearing the way, the two soon made it to the steep slope of the riverside and began to hurryingly climb up.

Perhaps it was due to the distraction caused by Denden-chan and Aisha, but it was only now that the bandits notice the approaching wall of water that was soon upon them. On the other hand, Aisha and Denden-chan had managed to get high enough for the soldiers to offer them a hand, which they grabbed onto just in time as the raging water swallowed the riverbed, including the manmade extension they had previous built.

With a final pull, the soldiers managed to pull Denden-chan out of the raging water. But Aisha has a problem: a bandit has managed to grabbed hold of Aisha's leg and refused to let go.

"Curse it!" Aisha managed as she feels her grip loosening due to the extra weight of the bandit, "He is going to drag me with him~!"


KONK!


Aisha suddenly heard a noise and turn just in time to see the bandit losing his grip on her after being hit in the face by a flying Warhammer. With the bandit gone, the soldier managed to pull up Aisha who soon identified one who threw the Warhammer: Denden-chan.

"Tee-Hee~!" Denden gave her victory pose while playfully sticking out her tongue.

Aisha sweat dropped at her carefree attitude but nevertheless smile in return.


The bandits that were not in the riverbed at the time gawked at what had happen to their comrades. But they barely had time register exactly what had happen because Nenene and Hinari soon arrived with their troops and began to strike at them. Now only numbering a few hundreds, the bandits were no match for sudden attack and were promptly wiped out.

By morning of the next day, the river was low and calm again, having spent its build up potential energy. The generals and strategists now survey the scene before them.

"A complete success!" Hinari managed.

"It worked out better than I thought," Nenene admitted as she survey the outcome of the battlefield.

Nyah~!" Rinrin laughed, "This part of Jo-Shou will not see any more bandits now~!"

Shuri nodded. "Now we can move to the next village and wipe out the bandit force there…"

"I second that~!" Denden-chan chimed before noticing Aisha glaring at her, "W-What? Did Denden do something wrong again?"

"…N-No, not at all," Aisha managed nervously, "It is just that…with all the confusion… … …I…never got the chance to thank you for earlier… …Denden…"

"…!? General called Denden by her true name~!"

"…Y-Yeah…"

Denden smiled brightly. "Then, can Denden use the General's true name now~?"

"…D-Do as you wish…"

"In that case, turn around for a moment please~!"

"…?" Though confused by the sudden request, Aisha turned around as Denden want, "…May I inquiry why-?"

"KAN-CHO~~~!" Denden-chan shouted out playfully as she clasped her hands together in the shape of an imaginary gun and playfully thrust it up Aisha's anus.
POKE!


"KYAAAAAAH~~~~!" Aisha exclaimed in surprise and shock before turning in comical rage at the playful General, "DENDEN~~~!"

"Tee-Hee~!" Denden-chan giggled as she ran off with Aisha comically chasing her wildly, "Catch Denden if you can, Aisha~!"

"GET BACK HERE, YOU LITTLE IMP~~~!"

"…Are they getting along better?" Nenene managed with a sweat drop as she watches this scene unfold.

"Hard to say," Rinrin nervously managed with a sweat drop.

"… …Getting…along," Ren finalized with a smile.

"…If you say so, Ren," Shuri sweat dropped.


Without delay, the army consists of Fifteen Thousand soldiers moved on to the next village to deal with the next set of bandits. There were times where they had soldiers sneak among the bandits' ranking and caused them to war against each other or other groups; sometime they laid out traps for bandits to foolishly fall for with tempting baits; sometime they even strategically forfeit a village for the bandits to take only to be surrounded and weaken from food poisoning when they greedily feast on the "free food" that was left behind.

Taking my trust to the fullest, the three strategists worked hard to ensure very few of the troops were lost in the process while they still managed to score nearly complete victory. Even by the time they reached the final village, they still maintain roughly a little under Fifteen Thousand in total.

"We are now almost done~!" Denden-chan cheered enthusiastically once they reached and settle in the last village.

"Denden!" Aisha lectured, "Just because we are almost done, that does excuse us in letting down our guard!"

"Tee-Hee~! So you may say Aisha, but in truth you are excited as well because once we are done we can return proudly and praise by Our Lord~!"

"… …What are you imply?"

"No need to go Tsundere~ (Introvert-Love)! We all know you shall anything to receive Our Lord's praise~!"

"Denden~! Enough with the implication~!"

Everyone else watch the exchange with a nervous chuckle. Since the incident during the first village, Aisha and Denden-chan would constantly bickered with each other as usual…only, there was no longer as much antagonizing between the two. Sure, Denden-chan continue to prank Aisha, more often than usual now, but Aisha's bloodlust to teach the playful General has been reduce to something closer to that of a strict mother's anger. Likewise, Denden-chan has begun to listen to Aisha's orders a bit more than usual while retorting playfully a lot less.

"Anyhow!" Aisha coughed, signaling that everyone should return to a more serious topic of discussion, "Although Denden put in a rather unprofessional manner, she is correct in the aspect that our task is about complete…"

"That is correct," Nenene nodded in anticipation, "Once we are done here, our month worth expedition will be over…"

Everyone nodded in agreement. Taking out numerous bandits groups still took a long time and because of the planning involve, at most a week was require for each decisive battle. Before anyone knew it, a month has passed by in a flash.

"…It has been a month since Rinrin has seen either Touka-nee-chan or Onii-chan," Rinrin noted, "Rinrin cannot wait to see them again; Rinrin wonders how they are doing…"

"Both of them must still be in the midst of handling the various civil affairs," Hinari suggested, "Even with the remain people left with them, it must still be tiring which is all the more reason to finish our task as soon as possible so they can worry less about our wellbeing…"

"… …Ease…Our Lord…Our Lady," Ren added, "… …Return…victorious…"

Aisha nodded to Ren's word. "Indeed…"

"…Well, in that regard," Shuri suddenly noted with an uneasy tone, "Our last task here in this village may be our most difficult to deal with…"

"…? What do you mean, Shuri?"

"There are more numerous numbers of bandits close to village compare to the previous villages. What is more," Shuri glared unsurely outside the building they were in. "…this village is different from others we have visited up until now…"

Everyone followed Shuri's line of sight out of the room they were gather, at the village they were currently occupying. As Shuri stated earlier, was a vast contrast between the other four villages they have visit and the one they are currently in. To begin with, the houses are in good conditions compare to the other villages which seems torn down or ready to fall by the next hard storm; there doesn't seem to any strong natural defenses, the village shows no sign of damages from attacks; the villagers also seem much happier, almost as if they are ignorant of the turbulent time they are currently in. In other words, this village was the image of safe haven in the middle of a troubling province; a village cut off from worries.

"…Certainly, I was not expecting such a well-off village upon arrival," Aisha admitted with a sweat drop.

"This place stinks of richness more than a city," Denden-chan added, humorously pinching her nose.

"With such a prosperous village," Nenene hummed in thought, "one would think that it would suffer an attack or two from wealth-hungry bandits…"

"But the people here are too relax for that to be happening," Rinrin scratched her head in confusion.

"It stuck onto me, so I did some investigation," Shuri admitted, "The Local Bandits do frequent this village, but instead of demanding riches they barter with the village for food and medicine in return for not attack the village…"

"…I beg your pardon?" Aisha gave skeptical frown, "Bandits bartering? Food and medicine?"

"That does not sound very ruthless for bandits," Denden-chan gave a confused head tilt, "Would they not be more like 'Hand over your goods while we reap your lives' attitude instead of 'We shall trade goods with you and not attack' attitude?"

"I was under that impression myself. Shuri, are you sure you did not mixes these bandits up for someone else?"

Shuri shook her head in a way that told everyone that even she was stump by what she herself had informed. "I have asked the villagers themselves; they mostly gave good complements about their local bandits…"

"Mostly?"

"There were a few complaints, mostly from the more upper-class members of the villages. But the complaints are mostly about rowdiness or uncivil manners. There are even children singing songs of praise about the local bandits and about growing up to be like them one day, or so their playful singing goes…"

"… …That is…disturbing," Nenene sweat dropped, "The local bandits' reputation here is so great kids are looking forward to being bandits when they grow up!?"

"That is something we cannot allow!" Aisha declared, "Regardless of the reason, one should seek a better life than that of banditry! If it suddenly become that appealing, what uses is there for us or the government!?"

"I understand your frustration, Aisha," Shuri cowered a bit from Aisha's sudden outburst, "But this case is different from the others. Here, the villagers favor the local bandits; attacking and wiping them out without considering the villagers' feelings would have the opposite effect in their view towards us…"

Aisha grumbled after considering Shuri's point. "Then what do you propose we do about this then!?"

"…About that…"

But before Shuri can continue, there was a series of panic knocking from the entrance of room. Ren, being the closest to the door, open it to find the village chief on the other side out of breath and in shock.

"V-Village Chief!" Shuri managed, "Why are you in so much panic!?"

"H-Heaven helps us," the Village Chief managed before holding up a letter, "The Local Bandits had suddenly declared war on us!"

"…!? What did you say!?" Nenene exclaimed in shock.

"See for yourselves!" The Village Chief once again brought forth the letter in his hand.

Hinari hesitantly took and read it out loud. "To the village that we have been bartering with…Fool you~! We have steadily been fattening you up so that you all shall be worthy prey for us. As you read this, I have already begun gathering twenty other large bandit groups, whom I have promise in advance to share the spoils with. Leave your valuables and surrender your lives to us; you are now surrounded. You have no hope! We shall attack by morning! Suu-Sou Tsukai, the King of Bandits…"

"Suu-Sou?" Aisha questioned the name.

"That is the name of the Chief of the Local Bandits!" Shuri gasped.

"…Now I see," Nenene suddenly voiced in disgust, "How despicable! They gain the villagers' trust so that they can manipulate them to get more riches for them. Once the village had enough, they shall swoop in to reap the goods…"

"And the villagers played right into their hands!" Rinrin roared in anger, also understand what was going, "How mean! They took advantage of the villagers' knowing no better!"

"Indeed, the lowest kind!" Aisha added with growl.

"Time enough for that later," Shuri noted, "We must hurry and set up some sort of defense around the village. If what the letter said is true, we could be talking about an army of over a Two Hundred Thousand bandits striking tomorrow!"

"…!? A Two Hundred Thousand!?"

"From what I could gather, the Local Bandits already number in about Thirty Thousand, the largest yet among bandit gathering. The letter claims that twenty other large bandit groups have gather; even assuming that each only is capable of having Ten Thousand each, we still get over Two Hundred Thousand bandits!"

"That is way too much!" Rinrin claimed, "We only number Fifteen Thousand!"

"They have obviously been planning this for a long time," Nenene grimaced before sweat dropping, "And it may be our fault they are making a move now…"

"…!? What do you mean?" Denden-chan gave a puzzled look.

"The valuables that we brought. Seeing how thought out they put into this village, they must have easily gotten wind the arrival of a small army with tons of valuables to spare. They must have judge that a chance like this is not going to appear a second time in their life…"

"So we unintentionally spark this turn of event, huh?" Aisha cursed her lack of foreshadowing.

"Well, it does not matter anymore. In the end, they are still bandits, indiscipline and ill-resolved! We may still find a way to overcome this!"

Everyone nodded before Shuri began issuing her orders. "Denden-chan, Rinrin-san! Have the soldiers erect the best possible barricade around the village as they can!"

"Got it!" Rinrin and Denden-chan saluted before rushing off to do as she was told.

"Nenene-chan, Aisha-san, Ren-san! Alert the villagers to barricade themselves in their houses and ready the remaining troops for battle tomorrow! Hinari and I shall formulate battle plans for tomorrow!"

The three nodded before rushing off to do their duty.

"…Formulating battle plans, I say," Shuri muttered in shame once everyone but Hinari and herself were alone, "but in the current situation, no number of strategy will work against an enemy we know nothing of…"

Hinari, who had been silent since reading the letter, continue to glare at the letter in her hand.

"…? What is the matter, Hinari-chan?"

"…Shuri-chan," Hinari began, "There is something strange about this letter…"

"What do you mean?"

"On the outside, it would appear to be a letter to have the village fall into despair. But the more I look at this letter, the more I cannot help but think there is something else we are overlooking…"

Startled by Hinari's words, Shuri took the letter into her own hands and read through it, over and over again. After several repeats, Shuri also began to display a doubtful face.

"You are right," Shuri nodded, "There really does seem to be something more about this letter, but cannot my finger on it…"

Shuri began experimenting on the letter: turning it upside-down, flipping it around, folding it, and even shaking it. At last, she tries smelling it, and her nose finally caught something.

"…!? There seems to be the smell of lemons on the letter!"

Hearing that, Hinari went into deep thought before producing a small candle which she promptly lit and held the flam close to the paper. In a matter of moments, the backside of the paper began darken in several areas. Seeing this, Hinari move the flame along near the surface of the letters back and soon more darken areas appeared forming more words.

"…!?" Hinari gasped once both Shuri and herself read the newly revealed message on the letter, "This is…!"


Meanwhile, about three li northwest of the village were a series of mountains. Among the mountains was bandit camp with a military look to it. Packed inside the most important looking structure in the camp were about twenty rough looking men; they were bandit chiefs, each with their own unique feature that sets them apart from each other.

Among these men was a single girl who sat unmannerly on a throne-like seat, drinking from a huge jug like the other bandit leaders. She is dark-skinned with small but slim frame, brown smug eyes and unruly shoulder-length auburn hair under her military cap. Wears a revealing bikini top made out of animal skin that greatly show off her small cleavage, a loose yellow sarong that exposed her legs, save for her feet which are hunting boots made of deer skin, and a yellow silk scarf around her neck.

After drinking down all the wine in the jug, gave a satisfying sigh and threw aside the empty jug.

"…Wine drank before an assure victory is so sweet~~!" The girl laughed in briskly voice before smirking, "Still…wine drank after an assure victory is sweeter~~!"

"Damn straight!" One of the bandit chiefs cheered, "I thought for a moment when you propose that we should hold off attacking that village that you joking. But I am totally glad I followed your little scheme now!"

"That place must pack rich to the rim with valuables~!" Another bandit chief chuckled in anticipation, "Totally worth the wait!"

"That is right," the girl grinned, "And as my minion informed me, in that village right now is even more valuables brought there by an army of Fifteen Thousand Soldiers~!"

"Seriously!? Fifteen Thousand!?"

"Yep~! And with that many, one can only imagine just how much those valuables are~!"

Another bandit chief laughed as he approach the girl. "Hell yeah~! But they could never have imagined they have to face more than Two Hundred Thousand of us!"

"And because of that letter I have sent, the villagers must be in despair by now~! Ah~, just imagining the looks on their faces when are killed by the hands they trust~; I am getting wet just thinking about it~!"

"You really are such a bit*h, are you not~?" The bandit chief drooled as she began caressing the girl's body, "Getting excited over the idea of killing people~! As expect from someone was part of the Yellow Scarves~…"

"Hmm~, no~! Do not bring up such an embarrassing past, you tease~!"

"A bit*h like you? Embarrassed? You know, you want it~!"

"…I will not deny that~!"

"Then how about-?"

"However!" the girl suddenly gripped the area between the bandit chief's legs, "Save this load for tomorrow. It will be a waste if you cannot muster any after tomorrow if you do me today~!"

"W-What do you mean?"

"Oh so no one heard about it yet?"

"Heard about what!?" Another bandit chief inquired out curiosity.

"Hee-Hee, then listen closely boys~!" the girl released the bandit chief and gave a long dramatic pause to ensure everyone was listening, "the ones leading that army transporting all those goods… …are girls…"

"SERIOUSLY~~~!?" Every bandit leader exclaimed.

"Yep~! Want to hear more~?"

Every bandit leaders gave eager nods.

"Then get this! In total, there are seven girls in all. One has lavishly long black hair and amp breast with a strong will; there is one with short red hair and puppy eyes with an innocent and quiet demeanor; an tomboy adolescent also with red hair and naivety despite her strong will; a shy witch girl with long periwinkle-color hair in two pigtails; another adolescent with blonde hair and well-manner speaking voice; a wild and bratty girl cyan-colored hair; a cheerful girl with long orange hair. And judging by their characters, they are still VI. RI. GIN~!"

"OH~~~!" the bandit chiefs drooled.

"Though most of them have petite features, they do still seem to have room to grow~! Until them, would it not be interesting to train them as potential s*x slave~? As for the two who are already grown but has yet to experience the pleasure of a woman…well, do I need to say~?"

"OH~~~!"

"Yeah, now I am getting pumped!" One of the bandit chiefs roared.

"Those girls are mine~!" Another bandit chief declared.

"Screw you! I call first dibs on the black-hair one!" Another bandit chief challenged.

"No, I call dibs on the black-hair one!"

"I call the little witch girl!" One of the bandit chief drooled in anticipation.

"You and your little-girl complex again!"

"Screw you! Little girls are the best!"

"Then I get the blonde!"

"She is mine too!"

"Screw you! I want of the action!"

"I though you are more interested in the valuables!"

"So what!? It is hard to find beauties like these!"

"Hee-Hee," the girl smirked, "Then how about this~? Whoever managed to capture the girl first during tomorrow's attack can have first dibs then?"

"Fine by me!"

"Same here!" Another bandit chief agreed as the others began to voice their agreement.

"Excellent~!" the girl grinned, "Then tomorrow, we shall go with that plan and have them taste despair to the highest degree! Ah~~~! I am getting wet juts thinking about it~~~!"

"You are real bit*h, Bandit King-chan-!"

Suddenly, the girl lashes out at the one that spoke, gripping the bandit leader by his neck and hoisting him into the air despite him being twice her sizes.

"…Why the distance~?" the girl smirked playfully before letting go of the bandit leader allowing him to drop, "You know better than that~! Call me Eiko-chan…or at worse the Suu-Sou-chan…"

"Yeah," the bandit chief chuckled as he got up, "Sorry, babe!"

Everyone laughed as the party continued well into the night.


The next morning, though hastily constructed, a wooden wall stands erect all around the village, with the majority of the Fifteen Thousand soldier station outside the walls.

Meanwhile a wall of bandits surrounds the village as well in a giant circle, well out of archery range.

"This is quite a sight to behold," Aisha glared out at the assembly of bandits.

"Nenene cannot detect a gap in their encirclement," Nenene commented in vexation.

"They really have no intention of letting anyone escape," Hinari managed.

"…Do not worry," Shuri managed, "We can overcome this…"

"…Hey, Shuri," Rinrin managed, "Are you sure about this strategy you and Hinari came up with? It is not like Rinrin doubts you two, but…"

"I am worry too," Denden-chan managed a nervous smile.

"Do not be," Shuri and Hinari both gave a determined smile, "Everything should be going according to plan…"

"Should?"

Before anyone could inquire the two strategists further on the meaning of their words, war drums began to sound off from among the bandits' encirclement.

"…It has begun," Aisha glared as the bandits north of the village part a bit to allow a large pedestal to enter the encirclement. Seated comfortably and laxity on the throne of the pedestal was a dark-skinned girl with a smug face. "…!? Could that be…?"

"There is little doubt," Nenene grumbled, "That must be Suu-Sou Tsukai, the self-proclaim Bandit King…"

"Nyah?" Rinrin tilted her head in confusion, "When someone says king, would it not usually be a guy taking that title?"

"I know right~?" Denden-chan nodded eagerly in agreement, "Rather than Bandit King it should be Bandit Queen!"

"…That is hardly the issue to be worry about at the moment, you two," Aisha sweat dropped.

Surveying the hastily fortified village, Suu-Sou gave an amused scoff before laughing out loud.

"Look at them," Suu-Sou jeered, "Hiding behind walls that can barely stop an arrow, still clinging desperately to a sliver hope that they can withstand us! Is this all the province's self-esteem army can do in the face of overwhelming hopelessness~!?"

The bandits in the encirclement laughed as well and began shout jeers at the army.

"…!? They dare belittle Rinrin!?" Rinrin roared as she began to stomp towards the direction of Suu-Sou.

"… …Rinrin…stay," Ren immediately caught Rinrin by the collar, preventing her continuing forward, "… …Follow…plan…"

"Ah-! Ren~! Let Rinrin go! Let Rinrin teach that Bandit King some manners~~!"

"…I know you are in there hearing my words, oh self-esteem female leaders of the Jo-Shou Army~!" Suu-Sou called, "Is hiding behind your meat shields all you can do~? I came all the way here to the front to meet you yet you hide like little girls~! Oh, I am sorry, you are little girls; there is no point to insult swine by calling them swine, I suppose~!"

"… …What did she say~~!?" Nenene took out her Chain Sickle and began to march angrily towards Suu-Sou.

"… …Nenene…stay," Ren immediately caught Nenene by the collar, preventing her continuing forward, "… …Follow…plan…"

"Ah-! Ren-dono~! Let Nenene go! Let Nenene teach that Bandit King some manners~~!"

"Observe, my pride-fill comrades~!" Suu-Sou continued her taunts, "Observe how these girls, priding themselves to be leaders of an army, hides behind their subordinates and asking them to die in their place~! What kind of benevolent leaders are they who use their own soldiers as meat shields~?"

"…!? How dare she-!" Aisha growled but held her position.

"You do not like what you hear do you~!? If you really are more than talk, then come on out; come on out in front of your troops and show us otherwise~!"

"… …Shuri!" Aisha tighten her grip on her Crescent Blade, "… …I am reaching my limits!"

"I am sure you are," Shuri nodded in understanding, before holding up her Ostrich-Feather Fan for attention, "All troops, maintain your position! The seven of us shall move to the front to challenge the Bandit King's taunt!"

"…!? Shuri, are you sure about this!? We Generals can go alone!"

"Do not worry," Hinari reassured as she and Shuri began to move forward, "It is all part of the plan…"

"…?"

"… …Go…now?" Ren asked, still preventing Rinrin and Nenene from marching forward.

"…Now is good, Ren-san…"

With a single nod, Ren release the two.

"About time!" Rinrin exclaimed as cracked her knuckles, "Rinrin is going to give that girl a beating!"

"You will have to wait your turn!" Nenene announced as she twirled her Chain Sickle, "Nenene will have her pay for damaging the pride of Chin-Kyuu Koudai!"

Denden-chan giggled as she rest her Warhammer on her shoulders and follow everyone outside the safety of the fortify village.

As soon as they were in plain view of bandits, many began to make noises of jeers and teases, either commenting on their beautiful features or usual age unbefitting for the battlefield.

"…Endure it, everyone," Shuri noted when she notice some of the more willful of them glaring about at the jeers and teases, "Do not let your emotion get the better of you…yet!"

"Rinrin knows," Rinrin pouted angrily, "Shuri spent an entire night yesterday telling Rinrin that…"

"I am enduring," Nenene repeated with a grumble, "I am MOST certainly enduring…"

"…K-Keep it up a bit more, Nenene-san," Hinari sweat dropped as they finally came to a halt in about a twenty meters in front of where Suu-Sou sat.

"…So you actually came forth~!" Suu-Sou smirked as she suddenly gave several side nods. In a matter of moments, several important looking Bandits stepped forward chuckling wildly as they leer at the seven. "…I believe it was customary for you proud warriors to state your names to all hear~!"

Why must we name ourselves to the likes of thee!?—is what Aisha was about to declare but Shuri and Hinari suddenly step forward.

"I am Shokatsu-Ryou Koumei," Shuri announced dramatically, "A strategist of the Descendant of Imperial Royalty and the Messenger from Heaven!"

"I-I am Hou-Tou Shigen," Hinari began nervously before switching to being proud and dramatic, "A strategist of the Descendant of Imperial Royalty and the Messenger from Heaven!"

Confused at first by them speaking first, Nenene shook out of her astonishment and straighten herself out before declaring dramatically, "I am Chin-Kyuu Koudai, a strategist of the Famous Flying General!"

"…Bi-Hou Shiho," Denden-chan dramatically announced playfully, "A general of the Descendant of Imperial Royalty and the Messenger from Heaven!"

"… …Ryo-Fu…Housen," Ren announced plainly as she took a battle stance, "… …Flying…General… …Vassal of…My Lord…My Lady…"

"Chou-Hi Yokutoku!" Rinrin declared loudly, "General equal to a Thousand Warrior; fear this name!"

"I am Kan-U Unchou!" Aisha majestically and proudly announced, "I am the Blade of Justice of the Messenger of Heaven and the Descendant of Imperial Royalty! Know that when I struck it is the decree of the Heaven!"

Due to the force of the announcements, the bandits immediate silence their jeers and teases; even the Bandit Chiefs were left stupefy at the pressure behind just naming themselves.

Suu-Sou though, as if the announcement merely pass over her or had no effect on her, smirked at the seven. "Three female strategist and four female generals, all with wonderful charisma~! It will be a great pleasure to…
enslave
such fools. Am I right, you men with limbos to spare~!?"

Something about the speech made by Suu-Sou ignited the flames of the Bandit Chiefs, causing them to cheer like wild beast. Their cheers affected the encircled bandits, causing them to cheer wildly as well.

"…!? W-What pressure!" Nenene commented quietly as she cautiously glances about.

"With just a few words, she motivates the bandits in instant," Shuri noted, "…It appears there is a reason behind her claiming to be the Bandit King…"

As soon as the cheers begin to die down, Suu-Sou once again peers down at the seven. "Wiping out your pitiful army and enslaving you all with our numbers is such an easy task…but, that would be no fun~!"

"…!? Fun!?" Aisha angrily interjected.

"That is correct~! You see, more than feeling the warm of a strong man, I rather enjoy breaking a person down from inside out~!"

"…What art thou implying!?"

Suu-Sou grinned slyly as she glare over at the waiting Jo-Shou Army. "I can tell from your soldiers' eyes, even from here, just how much they adore and believe in you seven~! You all are certainly their pillar of hope…and it my favorite hobby to dash that hope right in front of them~!"

"…!?"

"Imagine the horror look in their eyes as their prize and honorable leaders are repeatedly violated and humiliated in front of them! Think how they will feel as they watch you all have will break and asking to be humiliated even more so by your new master! Imagine the despair your soldiers will feel as these rough and s*x-crave bandits dirty both your body, mind and soul! Ah~! Just thinking about it~…makes one all wet with excitement~~!"

Hearing the vulgar fantasy of Suu-Sou, the bandits around them began to cheer in hysteria and eagerness.

"…Thou art insane!" Aisha spat out in disgust.

"Nenene shall not let that happen to Ren-dono!" Nenene wildly declared, "It fact, it will never happen to any one of us!"

A glint appeared in the Bandit King's eyes. "Yes! Keep thinking like; that is exactly what I want! So you believe that it is impossible for that to happen to you, huh~~!?"

"Of course!" Aisha roared, "Against the likes of all thee, thou shalt never be able to have us submit to thee!"

"…Well, if you feel so strongly about it, let us play a game then~…"

"…!? A game!?"

"That is right!" Suu-Sou waved her to indicate the Bandit Chiefs, "The ultimate gamble that will decide the fate of all those who is present here! The other night, I have promise my fellow unmatched Bandit Chiefs that whomever can personally take in any of you girls, they shall be grant special privileges to begin breaking you first! So the game will be like this: the seven of you against the strong chiefs of the bandits; whoever can slay or subdue the other in this battle royal decides today's decisive result! Should you win the surviving bandits will give themselves up. But of course, if we win…Hee-Hee…"

Though she didn't finish her thoughts, the bandits began to chuckled lustfully since they knew exactly what was going to happen…as did the Shuri and the other six.

"This is what you want, is it not~? Believing that if you can take down the leaders of the bandit forces, the rest will crumble~? You may be right…if you can do that! These twenty alone are strongest bandit chiefs in all of Jo-Shou; no other bandits aside from myself can match them all at once! But if you still have so much faith in your little plan and your abilities to be able to do so, then we shall play along…and show just how wrong you are~!"

The encircling bandits roar with jeers and taunts at the girls while shout words of praise for their own chiefs; they clearly believe in their leader's strength to overcome the girls.

"…Certainty, it is just as she says," Nenene glared at the enthusiastic bandits, "…Which is also part of the plan Shuri and Hinari suggested…"

"…You two are amazing," Denden-chan quietly cheered at Shuri and Hinari, "It was only yesterday that we were suddenly informed that they will fight us; you two manage to predict their course of action!"

"…They really did call us out to this type of challenge," Rinrin noted in amazement with a sweat drop.

Shuri giggled shyly as Hinari smile before speaking. "Let us just say we stumble upon some reliable information…"

Before any of them can question them on the meaning behind the statement, Suu-Sou clapped her hands loudly; since they are now chad with Iron Battle Gloves, the loud sound echo through the area brings about silence in almost an instant.

"Now then," Suu-Sou smirked, "Are the seven of ready to be offer up for the despair of the soldiers~?"

"Do not think thee have won yet!" Aisha readies her Green Dragon Crescent Blade.

"…Aisha," Shuri suddenly noted quietly, "Remember the strategy!"

"… …Understood," Aisha nodded back before spotting everyone else giving nods themselves.

"It appears that you seven are ready," Suu-Sou sneered as she pointed a finger at them and instructed the Bandit Chiefs, "Well, you strong and overwhelming chieftains, your prey is before and subordinates eagerly awaits to see you in all your glory; what are you all waiting for~?"

With a cheer, the twenty Bandit Chiefs charged forward, banishing their weapons with a craze and wicked look on their face.

In the face of this onslaught, the four generals position themselves around the three strategists and endure the bandit leaders' attacks. In response, the bandit leaders adopted a continuous attack method: they split themselves into four groups with five members in each and took turns attacking their designated generals, giving none of the girls any time to counterattack.

"That is right~!" Suu-Sou in the meantime encourages the bandit chiefs as they attack, "The fact that they cannot strike back prove they did not anticipate the strength you esteem leaders have. They must be realizing that by now; continue the attack and wear them down slowly. Show these girls your strength as well as show those girl's army how foolish they were to place full trust in them~!"

The Bandit Chiefs, encourage by Suu-Sou and her praises, became wilder in their attacks as they continue to try striking through their defenses. This scene carries on for another half hour and the Bandit Chiefs continues to press on wildly as their subordinates cheer wildly as well.

"…Well," Suu-Sou smirked, "I suppose this is good enough~! Time to get serious boys~! Turn them to beautiful deities~!"

Recognizing her words as to no longer play around, the Bandit Chiefs ignore their tiredness and charged in all at once, aiming to break the female Generals' weapon and end the game. But just as they were about to close in…

"Now!" Shuri and Hinari signal at once.

"…Playing weak is more tiring than I thought," Denden-chan chimed as she pulled back her Warhammer before sending it forward in a powerful swing.
WHOOSH! BAM-SMASH! BAM-SMASH! BAM-SMASH! BAM-SMASH! BAM-SMASH!


With just one mighty swing, five Bandit Leaders were sent flying away. They soon land dead.

"… …Die," Ren noted before launching one mighty swing of her Halberd.
WHOOSH! SLASH! SLASH! SLASH! SLASH! SLASH!


In an instant, five Bandit Leaders were horizontally sliced in half and collapse around Ren.

"Rinrin has been waiting for this~~~!" Rinrin roared as she swung Viper Spear down, one bandit at a time.
WHOOSH-SLASH! WHOOSH-SLASH! WHOOSH-SLASH! WHOOSH-SLASH! WHOOSH-SLASH!


In a matter of seconds, five Bandit Leaders sliced in vertical halves and fell to the ground.

"Know that my Blade is the decree from the Heavens~~~!" Aisha roared majestically and swung her Green Dragon Crescent Blade.
WHOOSH! SLASH! SLASH! SLASH! SLASH! SLASH!


Five Bandit Leaders' head was sent flying and by the time they landed back on the ground, their bodies had long since collapse.

A gentle breeze whistle through the area, only possibly heard because in the split second the girls finish off the Bandit Leader in perfect synch the cheers and jeers of the encircled bandits died down. Everything had happen in under five seconds and the majority of the bandits' mind has yet to register what had just happen.

Finally, as if to break the tension, Suu-Sou gave a disappointing sigh. "To let their guard down and fall for their cheating methods~!"

"C-Cheating!?" Rinrin pouted in anger.

"No one panic!" Suu-Sou announced loudly as she sat straight up in her throne, "Even if your own chiefs are gone, it just mean one of you can take their place! Or have you all forgotten that I am still here~!?"

The bandits, in response to hearing the speech, gave a cheer of reignited passion.

"…She has a grip on their heart," Nenene managed, "Even with their leaders dead, her few words got their spirits back up…"

"Nyah, it is all hot air!" Rinrin huffed unimpressed, "We beat twenty of them at once; she is not going to make a difference!"

Hearing Rinrin's words, Suu-Sou gave a knowingly smirk and stood up dramatically from her seat. Before anyone could react, she disappeared only to appear right in Rinrin's face, staring maniacally into Rinrin's eyes.

"Please do not place this Suu-Sou Tsukai on the same level as those dead fools~!" Suu-Sou hissed, "You are speaking to the Bandit King; I am one whom has seen true horror you can only see in nightmares~…"

"…!?" Before Rinrin can even react, Suu-Sou disappeared again reappeared several meters away, already in a fighting stance which oddly enough looks like an attacking karate stance.

"Come at me, girls~!" Suu-Sou tempted, using hand-gesture to beckon them forward, "One or all four at once, it matter not~!"

"…!? You are getting too cocky!" Rinrin roared as she charge forward and swung her Viper Spear, "A-TA~~~!"
WHOOSH!


But instead of dodging, with a smirk Suu-Sou rush forward pass Rinrin before taking a swing at her unprotected back.
WHOOSH-BAM!


"Nya-!?" Rinrin was forced forward, but brace herself from falling and swung at the Bandit King again.
WHOOSH!


As if anticipating it, Suu-Sou head straight for the attack before at the very last second duck to narrowly dodge the spear.

"Nya-!?" Rinrin managed when she notice that she fail to hit the Bandit King. The said person was position just low enough to get Rinrin a good uppercut in the chin.

"Got you!" Suu-Sou smirked as she sent forward her attack.

"Not yet-!" Rinrin immediately brought her spear forward to guard against the uppercut.
WHOOSH-BAM!


No sooner did she did, Suu-Sou attack made contact with the spear, the force of which sent Rinrin flying back several meters.

"Rinrin!" Aisha called, "Are you alright!?"

"Yeah!" Rinrin announced as she took a cautious stance, "But this one is really different form the average bandit!"

"Of course~!" Suu-Sou smirked as she turn her back to Rinrin with huff, "I am the Bandit King, Suu-Sou Tsukai~!"

"…Boo~!" Nenene pouted unimpressed, before turning to Ren, "Ren-dono! Go teach her a lesson! Ren-dono can end this in an instant-!"

"No, Aisha shall be the one to do it," Shuri suddenly declared.

"What-!? Oh, come on! Ren-dono can do it!"

"But Ren-san will likely kill her in the process," Hinari argued, "We need her alive!"

"Alive? Why?"

"There is something we need to ask her, and only she herself can answer it…"

"Aisha," Shuri turn to the said person, "Only you or Ren can be a match for the likes of her, but please do your best to capture her alive!"

"…Understood," Aisha gave a determine nod as she step forward towards the Bandit King.

"Oh~?" Suu-Sou gave an intrigue eyebrow raise, "You are going to challenge me alone, General Kan-U~?"

"That is correct!" Aisha declared without hesitation as she ready her Crescent Blade, "I will say this only once, surrender and forfeit this pointless match!"

"Tut-tut~!" Suu-Sou wave her index finger back and forth, "Trickery will not work on me, Female General~! Unless you are stronger than me, you cannot kill me in the same manner as you did with the Bandit Leaders~! And to defeat me, who single-handedly overpower every bandit here with her bare hands, is impossible~! Am I right, boys~~~!?"

In response to the question, the bandits roared in acknowledgement.

"Humph!" Aisha scoffed, unimpressed, "They most certainly have a lot of faith in thee! Taking thee down would indeed cause their moral to collapse completely! In other words, to defeat them with ease, I must defeat thee!"

"…Correct~!" Suu-Sou dramatically affirmed.

"So be it!" Aisha roared as she charged forward, "HAH~~~!"
WHOOSH!


"Whoops~!" Suu-Sou dramatically dodges the attack by a margin.

"It is not over yet~~~!" Aisha roared as she took several more swings.
WHOOSH! WHOOSH! WHOOSH!


"Whew~! Wow~! Whoops~!" Again Suu-Sou dodges the attacks by the margin.

"Tsk," Aisha clicked her tongue, "Thou art really insane! My blade came mere centimeters from thee every time!"

"Not as insane as you think~!" Suu-Sou pulled back her arms before launching them forward in rapid succession. "I told you~! I have seen horror you can only begin to imagine!"
BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM!


"…!?" Fortunately for Aisha, she had already taken a defensive stance and endures the onslaught.

"It is not over yet~!" Suu-Sou smirked as she continues to send combos of punches at Aisha.
BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM!


"Tsk! What power!" Aisha commented once the combo was over; the barrage of punches has still managed to slowly push Aisha back from where she stood.

"Is that all you got~?" Suu-Sou inquired in a mock tone as the bandits around cheer.

"Not even close!" Aisha roared as she raised her Crescent Blade high above her head and swung down with incredible speed, "HAH~~~!"
WHOOSH!


"Heh!" To this Suu-Sou simply sidestep the attack, once again by the margin. With the blade missing her completely, before Aisha could pull the blade back Suu-Sou expertly grabbed onto the pole part closest to the blade.

"…!?" Aisha tries to free her Crescent Blade from the grip, but Suu-Sou refuse to let it budge.

"…It is no use~!" Suu-Sou smirked, "My strength is on a different level compare to yours; it is a strength that I forge from countless horrors I have overcome in the past! You, who have been bathed in light for your entire, can never hope to compete against it! You may have been able to deceive others, but you cannot deceive me!"

The bandits in the encirclement cheered wildly in response; some cheered about expecting nothing less from their Bandit King while others start jeering at Aisha for overestimating herself.

"…Bathe in light, huh," Aisha managed as she continue to struggle to free her Crescent Blade, "So thou think I have been having an easy life up to now!?"

"Of course~!" Suu-Sou smirked as she continues to hold the Crescent Blade in place.

"…Dost thou know what it is like to see thy own family slaughter before thy eyes!?"

"Huh?"

"Dost thou knows what is like to try feeding starving child only to find that there are hundreds if not thousands of them also begging to be save but thou know in thy hearts thou could save them all!?"

"What-?"

"Have thou every befriend someone only to find out later that they were slain the very next after thee left!?"

As Aisha lectured, the Crescent Blade slowly began to move, despite the strong grip Suu-Sou was putting on it.

"Having an easy life!? Me!? Thou could never be any more wrong!"

"Eh-!?" Suu-Sou managed as she slowly loses strength against Aisha.

"I took up my blade not because I was bored with my current life, but because I see suffering all around me and I want to change that!"

"I-I am being overpowered!?"

"I took my blade to bring peace to the realm so that no one will have to suffer as I have! To lose a family, to lose a friend, or to even lose one's humanity!"

"I-Impossible! This cannot be-!"

"People like thee who takes joy in bring people into despair," Aisha finally force her Crescent Blade free and swung at Suu-Sou with full force, "I will never let thee succeed~~~!"
WHOOSH!


"Ah-!" Suu-Sou hurryingly put up her guard only to be blast back from the force of the strike, "KYAH~~~~!"
BOOM!


Suu-Sou was sent into the ground, leaving her in a crater. The moment she hit the ground, the encircling bandits immediately ended their jeers and taunts and gasped with a shock expression.

"Ugh~!" Suu-Sou hazily managed from where she landed, before finding the Crescent Blade point mere centimeters from her neck.

"General Kan Unchou has defeated and captured the Bandit King!" Aisha announced majestically, "Those of thee who still value thy lives drop thy weapons and surrender at once~~~!"

Seconds ticked by before a series of things happen. First there was the sound people dropping weapons; those sounds came from every single bandit in the encirclement. What came afterwards was several screams of horror as the majority of them began to dash off in fright, screaming on how they will all be killed now that their leaders are dead and their pride, the Bandit King, is capture. There were some though that instead of screaming in horror and dashing off went in prostrate pose, as if surrendering.

"…The bandits are fleeing defenselessly!" Shuri called, "Jo-Shou Army, advance after them!"

"Ignore the one that groveling and chase down all that flees!" Hinari ordered, "Leave none alive or we risk them growing in strength to challenge Jo-Shou again!"


Obeying the order with a high sense of moral, the Jo-Shou Army surge forward after the fleeing bandits, slaying every one of them. The once confident bandit army of over Two Hundred Thousand was soon reduced to only roughly Thirty-Five Thousand within the hour; there were no casualty to the Jo-Shou Army due to the fact that the fleeing bandits put up little to resistance, as if never in their wildest dream did they expect to lose.

The results were soon reported to the Seven Female Generals and Strategists. They stood before the surviving bandits who had surrendered immediately as well as Suu-Sou who was tied up tightly and sat there quietly. Behind the seven were the villages, who gave the bandits, especially Suu-Sou, hateful eyes.

"…Two Hundred Thousand dead within the hour," Aisha repeated the report, "Really! They were Two Hundred Thousand, but that was all they amount to!"

"Nya~! They all died so easily," Rinrin pouted, "They were nowhere even worth the time!"

"They came so confidently," Nenene sighed in disappointment, "but as soon as all their leaders were dealt with, they broke down…"

"… …Strange," Ren noted.

"They really relied on the strength of their leaders too much," Denden-chan giggled.

Aisha gave a nod of agreement before glaring down at Suu-Sou. "Thou thought thee could defeat us like this!? Do not make me laugh! Thou not only lost your comrades but thou have also lost the sympathy of the village thee tricked! What do have to say for thyself now!?"

After a moment of silence, Suu-Sou turns up look at everyone with a smile. "The Winner takes all; the Loser loses all! Go ahead and get it over with already, vent your frustration! As a bandit, I have always been ready for this day~!"

"…!? You arrogant-!" Nenene grabbed Suu-Sou by the collar, "Do you not have any remorse for what you have done!?"

"What~?" Suu-Sou stick out her tongue out in a craze fashion, "You want an apology~? In your dreams~! You will get any of that out of me~!"

"…!? You-!"

"It appears that at the very least thou art truly a lost cause," Aisha finalized as she prepare her Crescent Blade, "If thou want to end thy life that badly, that is fine by me!"

"…Wait a moment, Aisha," Shuri suddenly called, stopping the General even before she could raise her blade, "We are not done with her…"

"…!? Shuri!?"

"Suu-Sou-san," Hinari came forward and held out the piece of paper; it was the letter that they receive the other day, "What is the meaning behind this letter you sent us?"

"… …What do you mean," Suu-Sou gave an uninterested huff.

"Do not play dumb. After inspecting this letter, we discover a hidden message, detailing everything about the bandits that were gathering here today as well as what you intend to do today to the point! This is no doubt your handwriting! Why did you do this!? If you had not done this, Shuri-chan and I would never have the information necessary for confronting you all today!"

"Nyah!? Really!?" Rinrin managed in shock as she snatch the letter out of Hinari and read the new information…or at least try, "… … … … …A-Aisha, can you read this for Rinrin~?"

"Honestly," Aisha rolled her eyes as she accepted the letter from Rinrin and read the new information on it out loud, "I shall amass roughly Two Hundred Thousand bandits from twenty of the most dangerous bandit groups to encircle the village and taunt you female leaders out to do battle against the their bandit chiefs. Though they have numbers they lack courage to persevere in whole. Once they see their chiefs fall, they are no different from running frighten pigs. Their chiefs have long since been fed with guile praise and will underestimate your strength, so there is little to worry. Once you hear the word 'beautiful deities' feel free to strike them dead. In return for giving this information, I ask for two things: to have your army spare any bandits that grovel on the ground and to allow me to test myself against the General Kan Unchou. Suu-Sou Tsukai, the Bandit King… … …!? Wait, what!?"

As if suddenly realizing what she just read, Aisha scans through the new message on the letter again.

"T-This cannot be!"

"This is why you had us did what we did out there!?" Nenene exclaimed in shock at Shuri and Hinari.

"That is correct," Shuri nodded, "In other words, Suu-Sou-san here not only became a willing informant, but also betray her fellow bandits…and aid in the plot to take them all down in a single blow…"

"No way~!" Denden-chan gasped, "The Bandit King help us take all the bandits down in this part of the Province!?"

"Nyah!?" Rinrin managed just as shock, glancing between her two brainy comrades and the bandit king, "Why would she do that!?"

"That is exactly what we are asking," Hinari informed before turning back to Suu-Sou, "Why did you tell us all of this!?"

"… … …Tsk," Suu-Sou pouted, still acting uninterested, "Does any of that really matter~? Why do you need to bring this up now~!"

"Of course we would be asking!" Shuri affirmed, "If you all are defeated, the lesser bandits may be able to live but their leader would end up executed to be an example to deter others, especially someone who claims the title of Bandit King! This is common knowledge and yet not only did you give us vital information to overcome you, you are also actively seeking death!"

"During your taunting, you make it sound as if you wanted to pull this village down in total despair as well as stating how much you want to torture us before our demise!" Hinari took over, "But if that was the case, why during that one time did you nearly threw away your life to save one of the village children?"

"…Huh?" Suu-Sou gave a nervous frown in confusion.

"When we saw your hidden message, Shuri-chan and I went about collecting information about you, Suu-Sou-san! Since your arrival here, you have done numerous good deeds in this village: provide medicine without charge, hunt down dangerous animals that threaten hunters, and even disciplining any of your subordinates that acted out of line! In the case I spoken of earlier, you went and rescue a child from this village from being sold off by another Bandit group; you came back nearly dead! Even if you say this was all an elaborate plan to gain the villagers trust so that you burn it down later, would any really put themselves on death doors for that!?"

"T-That was nothing significant! I-It just so happen I hate that bandit group! Moreover, I knew the villagers would foolishly heal me up for saving one of their own!"

"That still does not explain your actions completely!" Shuri announced with conviction as she came over and untie Suu-Sou, "You are hiding something, not telling us everything! If I am wrong than strike me dead right here and now!"

"S-Shuri!?" Rinrin managed in confused panic.

"I will not permit anyone from interfering! If you strike me dead now, you are free to go!"

"Eh-!?"

"…Seriously~!?" Suu-Sou mocked as she cracked her knuckle, "Be warn~! I can smash your skull with a single punch!"

"If you dare-!" Aisha began, but was halted by Shuri's next loud words.

"AISHA, EVERYONE!" Shuri roared, "STAY OUT OF THIS!"

"…!?"

"Well!? What are you waiting for!?" Shuri called, "This is your chance! Kill me now!"

Suu-Sou hesitate for a moment before pulling her right fist back send it right to Shuri.

"Shuri!" Aisha exclaimed as the Bandit King's fist came in on Shuri's face. But mere centimeters from hitting, the fist stopped. "… …Eh?"

"… …You were seriously going to let me kill you!?" Suu-Sou narrowed her eyes.

"…I have faith," Shuri announced, eyes fill with confidence, "Faith in the fact that you are pretending to be a bad person, when in reality you are not! Hinari and I want to know why are acting like this!"

The two glared at each other, unmoved for some time as everyone else aside from Hinari trade nervous glance at each other. Finally, Suu-Sou gave a long sigh, dropped her fist, and drop on her rear tiredly.

"…You could have just simply went with the idea that I am a bad girl and be done with it," Suu-Sou shook her head, "But no~! You want things to complicate things and know the entire truth~!"

"…Are you going to tell us now?" Hinari wondered.

"…Fine~! I suppose there is no point to deny it anymore~!" Suu-Sou rolled her eyes and began, "…I have been a bandit since the moment I ended up in this business after being sold off to various places. Eventually I end up being a high commander in the Yellow Scarves Rebellion during its earlier stage. When it began to go sour, I end up breaking away and leading my forces here…"

"Yes," Shuri nodded, "We heard that you told the villagers the same thing…"

"…Yellow Scarves aside, the number of bandits were growing in the province, which could mean trouble for this and several other villages I got along with. So I went out and got to know some of the bandit leaders of the most brutal type and start feeding them garbage mentally in various ways and having them do certain things like keeping away from the villages I was close too, in the name of fattening them up, and eliminate other troublesome groups until there were only twenty remaining in this part of the province. All the meanwhile, I waited…"

"Wait for what?" Aisha questioned eager to understand this perplexing girl.

"…For someone that can better protect those villages, if not the entire province, from their likes…"

"So you were waiting for people like us?" Denden-chan noted, pointing at herself and her comrades.

"…Yeah. But there was another problem in that. Even if someone else did show up and can provide better protection, the villages that I got along with has come to trust us; trust bandits more so than government. If that continue, some other bandits could advantage of that naivety and they will die with a blank look on their face…"

"…!? So to turn the villagers' trust away from bandits, in other words to make them wary of bandits again, you intentionally made yourself a terrible crafty villain!?"

"That is correct," Suu-Sou shrugged as the villagers began to trade startled glance at each other.

"…You know," Aisha began still suspicious, "thou may say all of this, but in the end it is still thy words. They could all be portrayed as excuses now…"

"I know~," Suu-Sou chuckled as she rolled her eyes, "I am pretty sure my acting from before was extremely convincing, so there is no way you can trust my words now as truth. But you all wanted to hear my side of the story; that is going to give you a lot of problems now. You could have just label me as evil and dealt with me, but now that you let me say my piece even if you deal with me it will not be on a clear conscious and the people, at least the villagers, will still see me more as a tragic heroine rather than a heartless villain that should be forgotten in some way…"

"… …It is indeed as thou say…"

"Well," Suu-Sou shrugged her shoulders, "is there anything else you want to ask to make your decision on me even harder to handle?"

"Yes…"

"Ugh…You all do not learn, do you!?"

"It may be the easy way, but it is the right way. Those are the words of Our Lord…"

"…Your Lord is unbearably naïve…"

"Say as you will, I have taken those words to heart," Aisha steeled herself before speaking again, "The last thing I want to know is why in your second request in the letter did you ask for a chance to challenge me directly in a one-on-one duel?"

"That concerns you, General Kan-U?"

"Of course. Judging by the letter, you know me enough to want a challenge me. Why did you want that?"

"… …When I was in still in the ranks of the Yellow Scarves Rebellion," Suu-Sou sighed in nostalgia, "I happen to caught sight of you when we indirectly confront each other during one of your expedition. You can say that I end up admiring your character that you display on the battlefield. When I heard that you were part of the Jo-Shou Army to transport valuables, I thought—this is my final chance; I want to witness General Kan-U's strength with my own hands. If I can do that, I can go without regrets—is what I thought…"

Aisha listened to Suu-Sou as she explains herself, making a rather complicated expression as she did.

"… …Troubled huh?" Suu-Sou sighed as notice Aisha's distress, "…Well, if it is any consolation to your conscious, I have end up killing a lot of innocent people in the past; I am too knee-deep in this business. Doing one thing right is going to make for all the wrongs I have done; use that as an excuse to justify your means in executing me… …Well, if you have no more questions, let us get this over with…"

Suu-Sou bowed her head to expose her neck.

"I long knew this would be my fate, to die as a bandit, so get it over with…"

"… …You do not have to do this," Shuri noted, "There is still a chance-…"

"For all you know, everything I said could really have just been a way avoid death. But I have my pride as a Bandit King too, do not mock it…"

"… …Art thou sure about this?" Aisha asked firmly.

"…Someone like me does not have privilege to get a second chance," Suu-Sou informed sadly, "But I will ask one more thing of you all…"

"…What is it?"

Suu-Sou pointed to the other tied up bandits. "These fellows have always wanted to leave the life of banditry, but never got a chance even if they were in my group…"

Aisha glares over the surviving bandits; all of the bandits under direct leadership of Suu-Sou had surrender with the remaining coming from among the other twenty bandit groups.

"…They are all idiots who will give their lives should you all ask for it now; they may be valuable human resources for your army. So I ask that you all at least give them a chance…"

"… …Is that all thou really wish for?"

"Yep~!" Suu-Sou nodded before presenting her neck again, "That is all…"

"… … … … …Alright," Aisha nodded as she raised her Crescent Blade.

"…!? A-A-Aisha!" Rinrin managed in concern, "Is there no other way?"

"Well," Nenene hummed with discomforting frown, "We cannot deny the idea that she could be acting like a tragic heroine. In order to avoid future potential betrayal, she has to be dealt with…"

"But after hearing all of that," Denden-chan frowned, "We cannot just simply-…"

"Yeah~! It may have been just as she said…it would have been better if we did not hear her side of the story…"

Shuri and Hinari nodded in sad contemplation.

"…May your rule over Jo-Shou be long and peaceful," Suu-Sou finalized as Aisha brought down her Crescent Blade…
WHOOSH!
… …Suu-Sou, who had her eyes closed in content, suddenly blinked her eyes open in confusion. Her neck is still attached to her body, and her yellow silk scarf has been expertly cut. She stared up in confusion at Aisha, who seems to be smiling content.

"…With this, the Bandit King Suu-Sou Tsukai is dead," Aisha announced, "There is only Suu-Sou Tsukai, a mere exceptional bandit I have picked up as my new subordinate…"

"…Huh!?"

"Raise your head, Suu-Sou. You belong to me now!"

"Aisha!" Rinrin and Denden-chan cheered in happy surprise.

"W-Why!?" Suu-Sou managed in confusion, "This is-!"

"…Retaliation leads to retaliation, and that builds up hatred! Once that hatred reaches critical mass, it explodes and those results in brutality," Aisha voiced, "Those words came directly from My Lord when he lectured me; each one of his words struck like daggers into my foolish pride and those words remain the most memorable of that speech. Our dream to create a benevolent…it is much stronger than that! I want to protect people, and I cannot do that if I am constrained by blind moral justice…"

"…Just for that!?"

"Exactly," Aisha brought her Crescent Blade towards the Bandit King's neck, "You have lost to us, Suu-Sou Tsukai, and that is a fact! Therefore, you cannot choose your own demise! You have stated that you have done many wrongs in your past, well work under me to make up for your mistakes; taking your life alone will not be enough!"

Suu-Sou blinked at Aisha's proposal before giving Aisha a suspicious glare of her own. "Can you really trust me enough to keep me alive~?"

"Trust, huh?" Aisha huff a smile, "That too is something I find My Lord and Lady to have abundant of to a fault. I have inquired on that matter, and while My Lady gave her own opinion on the subject, it is once again My Lord's word that stuck to me. He claims that he would rather trust and regret it rather than to not trust and regret it. I believe in those words too now…so if you are asking whether I trust you then here is my answer…Yes, I trust you!"

"…!?" Suu-Sou opened her mouth but immediately closed it and gave a long sigh, bowing her head in defeat, "I thought I could only have the chance to admire you only once, but here I am admiring you again. It is my total lost…"

Aisha smiled. "So you will accept my offer?"

"…Yes," Suu-Sou suddenly got on her knee, one hand on her chest and giving a deep respectful salute bow.

"…!? W-What are you-!?"

"I, Suu-Sou Tsukai, a former bandit pledge my loyalty to the Great General Kan-U Unchou, the Blade of Justice of the Messenger of Heaven and the Descendant of Imperial Royalty! For granting this unworthy one a chance to redeem myself under you, I offer my flesh and bone to you to use as you see fit! In this life, I swear to work to honor your trust in me!"

"…Uh, yes! Very well. You can stand now…"

"What are you being so shy for Aisha~!" Denden-chan snickered as Suu-Sou obeyed, "You put her up to this~!"

"W-Well, it did not occur to me that she would suddenly kowtow to me like that!"

"Hee-Hee~! Aisha acts all tough but when she is put on the spot in a situation she is not used to, she gets all shy~!"

"I-I am not being shy!"

"Aisha is fidgeting~!"

"…!? Denden! Stay where you are! I shall teach you what it means to toy with your better!"

"Ah~! Aisha is bullying Denden~!"

Aisha panted in exhaustion as Denden hid behind Ren, before turning back to the smiling Suu-Sou.

"…W-What are smiling for, Suu-Sou!?" Aisha managed.

"Oh, nothing~," Suu-Sou continued to smile, "I was just thinking how I did not expect to see this side of General Kan-U…"

"Should take that as a compliment? Anyway, since you shall be working with us from now, you free to call me Aisha…"

"…!? Is that alright!?"

"Of course~!" Denden-chan chimed, presenting a victory sign, "My true name is Denden. Nice to meet you!"

"You can call me Hinari," Hinari introduced herself before pointing to Shuri, "And this is Shuri…"

"Rinrin is Rinrin," Rinrin grinned, "Rinrin is of the same ranking as Aisha, so treat Rinrin with the same respect~!"

"You have to display something for her to respect you for first," Nenene rolled her eyes.

"Nyah!?"

"I am Chin-Kyuu Koudai. It makes it easier for you, you may call me Nenene; do not get the name wrong!"

"… …Ren," Ren simply stated.

"Heh~! You all must be close to call each other by their true name without reserve," Suu-Sou hummed in admiration, "Very well, I shall take part in it as well. My name is Suu-Sou Tsukai, true name Eiko. Best regards to you all then~!"

"… …Best regards…"

"… … … …U-Uh, yeah. Again, best regards…"

Aisha smiled at Eiko for her readily acceptance of the situation. As the villagers gather around Eiko to speak with her, Aisha turns to the surrendered bandits.

"As for all of you," Aisha began, "if it is true that you wish to leave your dark past behind you, you are welcome to do that! If that means returning to the simple life of a civilian, do so with the promise that you will never take up a sword for selfish gains again; if that means you wish to help create a brighter future for Our Lord, the Messenger of Heaven, and Our Lady, the Descendant of Imperial Royalty, then you are welcome to join our rankings. Of course, to turn you all into proper soldiers, you will have to go through some rigorous training but I can assure you that those that choose to travel on this path you will all have your chance to participate in bring about our ideals!"

Once the speech was done, the bandit cheered, voicing all their willingness to join their causes.

"I told you," Eiko giggled, "They are all idiots~!"

"…Oh, and what of you, Eiko?" Aisha smirked, "Are you not ready to follow the General you admire into the jaws of death?"

"Hell no!"

"…!?"

"The brave warrior who has since grown a hundred times more admirable since I first witness her…I am following her…"

"…I-I see…"

"You better not make a fool of yourself from now on, Aisha~!" Denden-chan chimed.

"Are you not the one always trying to make a fool out of me though!?"

"Yeah!"

"N-No hesitation!?"

"It is the truth~!"

"E-Even so, could you have put it in a better way!?"

"Maybe…"

"… …Argh! I have had it!" Aisha readies her Crescent Blade.

"Wow~! Aisha is finally snap! Denden is out of here~!"

Everyone laughed as they watch a fuming Aisha chasing a happy-go-lucky Denden-chan.


Back at the province capital of Jo-Shou, Touka-chan gave a sigh of relief after filling out the last document she had on the table.

"…I-I have not seen the outside of this room for a week this time~!" Touka-chan moaned comically; though she says that, she has left the room to eat, take a bath, and sleep so she wasn't really locked up in her room all the time. "I-I cannot take much more of this~…"

"…It would appear that My Lady is working every so hard as per usual," Son-Kin entered the room.

"Ah~! Mika-!" Touka-chan began only to pale when she saw the stacks of documents in her arms, "EEK~~~!"

"…!? W-What is the matter, My Lady!?"

"A-Are those more documents I must look through!?"

"…Ah~! These~! Fear not, My Lady! These are just the various reports streaming in from our companions regarding their own task…"

"O-Oh! I-I see…forgive me for screaming so pathetically earlier, Mika-san…"

"Not at all, My Lady," Son-Kin Kouyuu, or Mika, smiled as she places the reports on the desk, "This time around, you have managed to work diligently for an entire week…though you seem far from enjoying it…"

"I would not be able to last this long without your help, Mika-san," Touka-chan comically wept before pouting in anger, "Kazuto-kun, you liar~! You said that you would help me with these paperwork but you have spent all your time doing everything but!"

"Please, My Lady, do not blame Our Lord so lightly. He too has been diligently working to pacify the populace's issues and troubles. The documents concerning his exploits are listed here…"

"…!? You came pretty prepare to defend Kazuto-kun!"

"I coincidentally receive these reports today…"

"…Coincidentally~?" Touka-chan giggled at Mika's choice of words, "You must have calculated that I would needlessly vent my anger on Kazuto-kun eventually and time your delivery…"

"…As expected," Mika giggled back, "You are starting to see through my schemes, Mistress-sama~!"

The two giggled on. For the pass month, while I was out busy with dealing with court issues and cases, Touka-chan was left in charge of handling the province's administrative affairs, ranging from approving certain government spending to participating in negotiation concerning the recently active merchant movement.

This was a lot of stressful work that Touka-chan was not all that familiar with and there was no way that she could have handle all it on her own for an entire month. That is where Mika came in. Despite being position as the Head Maid of the Castle Maid Brigade, she is well-versed in many other fields as well aside from cleaning. Should Touka-chan has trouble deciding whether to approve a proposal or not, Mika would give her the pros and cons of her action objectively; should Touka-chan has trouble establishing a proper compromise in a negotiation, Mika would take over to led the negotiation back in Touka-chan's favor; should Touka-chan feel too stress out, Mika would either provide a proper excuse to let Touka-chan rest a bit or provide her a much needed massage; should Touka-chan falls into danger, Mika would immediately spring into action with her Throwing Daggers.

In other words, Mika is complete obsess with being the ideal maid who is ready to perform any task her master or mistress demands of her, no matter how absurd the command may be.

In that respect, Touka-chan and Mika has become quite close in the past month almost to the point where they no longer spoke professionally to each other; they speak to each as equals, like best friends or close siblings.

"…Anyhow," Touka-chan coughed to signal to Mika that they need to talk to each other professionally again, "Mika, can you give me a briefing on everyone's situation as they reported?"

"Understood," Mika nodded as began to expertly recall that were written in the reports, "As of since the reports are filed, Kan-U-dono and her group has subjugated nearly all of the bandits groups scattered throughout the province and are currently on their way to the final destination to deal the last remaining bandit gatherings. Chin-Tou-dono has successfully integrated the irrigation system that was proposal to her and reorganized the farmlands in an orderly fashion; she claims that with this improvement we could expect a yielding three times the crops compare to the old system…"

"Three times!?"

"In addition, it would appear that Chin-Kei-dono's efforts are beginning to take effect, as the various Magistrates are beginning to hold exchanges with the farmers for their crops are on the rise. I believe we can levy a tax increase of Five percent in short time…"

"Five percent!? That is huge! Normally with these circumstances, people would be bargaining for lower taxes; it usually decrease Ten to Eleven percent or else risk the dissatisfaction of the populace. But it to increase!?"

"Yes, it is surprising. But according to what has been reported, farmers' confidences in the worth of their ever increasing crop yield may have been the deciding factor in this readily accepted tax increase. It is as Our Lord has stated before, the populace are beginning to shift their views from 'What can one do with a one coin?' to 'How much can one buy with one coin?'; with the magistrates no longer able to use money to pay for tax and must instead contribute crop currency, the farmers who the magistrates are buy crops from are beginning to see more value in their products…"

"And because the most successful farmers with abundant supplies are under the direct supervision of Chin-Tou, the magistrates cannot act rashly in many ways; thus the one who know controls the values of the money currency are those successful farmers…"

"That is correct. In addition, with merchants spreading the much needed supply to the rest of the populace, as well as other products favor to the suddenly pocket-fill farmers, we are receiving the money we could never obtain through taxing the magistrates alone. With those new funding, we enough to spend on strengthening both our military and economical fields…"

"So with our province getting richer and abundant with resources, increasing taxes settle well with the populace, huh?"

"That is what I believe is happen. In addition, due to the rise in funding we have plenty to spare in offering annual taxes to the Imperial Court and to establish new settlements within the province, with the idea of eventually turning those settlements into villages and villages into flourishing cities. Regardless, I believe we could be expecting a continuous rise in the economy…"

"Hee~!"

"If Kan-U-dono and her group return successfully after ridding the bandit threats and Our Lord is finish solving the remaining civil issues, the Province would be stable with boundless possibilities…"

"So we can begin the next step in this era of warring lords," Touka-chan nodded, before blinking in thought, "Ah, that reminds me, how are the spy network I entrusted to you?"

"As per order, I have sent several members of the Castle Maid Brigade throughout the realm of Kan. There were some difficulties, especially in Kyo-Shou and Kou-Tou, but a steady network has been established and we shall soon receive reports of any suspicious activity that will threaten us…"

Touka-chan sighed in relief. "That is good. Oh, what about identifying spies among us? Although I do not wish to doubt our own people, there is still a chance…"

"I have personally done investigation in that field and has so far noted at six suspicious individual. Unfortunately, I have yet to identify where they originate from concretely…"

Touka-chan sighed at the revelation. "I suppose if they were that easy to identify they would not be spies…nevertheless, please keep an eye on them while making sure that they do not become aware that they are being suspected…"

"Understood," Mika bowed in acknowledgement.

Touka-chan sank tiredly in her chair before suddenly sitting up straight. "Oh! I had almost forgotten! What of Kazuto-kun's report?"

"Ah~! Our Lord?" Mika giggled knowingly, recognizing Touka-chan's eagerness to hear about this particular report, "He is doing spectacularly in his duty to solve the many issues and cases that has been left aside. Almost all of them by are solved…"

"Even the cold cases?"

"Especially those. His methods are peculiar, but I suppose he is resorting to heavenly method to gain a lead there. Because of that, the citizens are revering him as a more of a Heavenly Judge than a Heaven Messenger…"

Touka-chan giggled. "Either way, Kazuto-kun is stuck with a Heavenly title…"

"…Our Lord should be in the middle of his last court session," Mika suddenly smiled knowingly, "Would Mistress-sama wish to see it?"

"…!? Can I!?"

"Normally, no. But now that Mistress-sama has completed all the documents for the moment, it is possible to view it first-hand…"

"Well then let us get going!"

But just as Mika begin to bow in affirmation, there was a sudden knock on the door.

"Ugh-! Y-Yes!?"

"My Lady!" a voice belonging to a soldier called, "the castle wall guards have filed a report! General Kan-U and the rest of the Jo-Shou Army have been sighted and returning!"

"Eh!? Really!?"

"They should be arriving at the gates of the city any moment!"

"Understood! You are dismissed!"

Once the soldier acknowledges the order and left, Mika smiled at Touka-chan. "I shall help Mistress-sama prepare yourself to greet them at the gates…"

Touka-chan smiled. "You are always taking such good care of me…"

"Well, Mistress-sama is my ideal master…"

"Oh!? Really!?"

"You may act differently, but I am aware of who Mistress-sama truly is on the inside. I had never seen such a
lazy
and
irresponsible
person in my life; the
raw material
is good but the
talent
is wasted! You really are the ideal master~!

Every single one of Mika's point went to stab Touka-chan comically through her heart, leaving her groveling on the ground in a depress posture.

"M-Mika~!" Touka-chan comically wept, "You are so mean~!"

Mika gave an innocent chuckled. "Well now, Mistress-sama~! Let us get you prepare to greet your returning comrades…"

Touka-chan pouted at Mika's abrupt change in topic but nevertheless smile in agreement to her recent proposal.


Touka-chan and Mika now waited patiently outside the gates of Ka-Hi with the Castle Maid Brigade, waiting to greet the returning and obviously victorious Jo-Shou Army. And that victorious army soon came into view.

Touka-chan nearly ran over to them had Mika not held her back and straighten her out, so by the time the army came to a stop in front of Touka-chan was the picture of a perfect and dignifying leader.

"…!? M-My Lady!" Aisha called as soon she stopped in front of the said person. She and every other Generals and Strategists got off their horse and bowed respectively to Touka-chan. "Why are you out here?"

Touka-chan chuckled. "Why else would I be here, Aisha? I am here to greet the victorious Army of Jo-Shou who has return after subduing the province's banditry crisis…"

"…To think the Descendant of Imperial Royalty as well as Aisha's Lady and elder sister would come out to greet us in person!" Eiko managed in awe.

"…? This person is…?"

"Ah~!" Aisha ushered Eiko forward, "My Lady, this is Suu-Sou Tsukai, a former bandit leader who along with her nearly Thirty-Five Thousand bandits troops wish to leave their banditry life behind and help in our endeavor…"

"Is that so," Touka-chan smiled at the former Bandit King, "Splendid! If that is truly what you desire, then I am counting on you to fight bravely for our ideals from now on!"

Eiko blinked at Touka-chan readily acceptance before bowing deeply. "It shall be my honor, My Lady!"

Touka-chan nodded before calling to everyone with her arms spread out dramatically. "Everyone! I thank you all for your hard work in clearing the province of its troubles or for joining our cause! Let us venture into the city, so that the civilians can gaze on their heroic champions~!"


CHEER!
The army roared in acknowledgement of the idea.

"…Ah~! Before we go," Aisha interrupted and nodded to Eiko, "Suu-Sou, or Eiko, wish to present My Lady with a gift…"

"Oh?" Touka-chan titled her head in confusion as Eiko brought forth a horse. It is a strong looking steed that has a gray coat except for the area near the hooves, mane, and a spot on its forehead which are white. "Oh~! What a fine horse! Where did you all obtain such a horse?"

"It once belonged to a rivaling Bandit Leader name Chou-Kai," Eiko informed, "during the conflict, Chou-Kai lost his life and I ended up obtaining this fine horse. Since I find myself unworthy of riding it, I brought it along to present it to either my new Lord or Lady…"

"I see," Touka-chan nodded in understanding as stroke the horse's mane, "In the end, the great and proud steed of Tou-Taku, Red Hare, was offered to Kazuto. Now I am presented with this fine horse. Alright, I shall accept it!"

"I am honor that My Lady is pleased with this gift…"

"Well then, let us make our way back into the city and quick…"

"…? Is there something urgent happening that requires haste?" Shuri noted.

"No, not at all. To be truthful, I had plans to visit Kazuto-kun today when I heard of all of your arrivals…"

"Ah~! Onii-chan!" Rinrin grinned in anticipation, "How is Onii-chan doing? He must be stress out from solving everyone's problem…"

Mika suddenly giggled. "Rather, I am afraid even if Our Lord is stress out, he is able to vent it regardless properly…"

Everyone gave Mika a confused stare in response.


The scene switch to the interior of the courthouse, where yet another court session is taking place. I was busy reading through a bunch of reports that has conducted concerning the case. On the desk where I sat, there was a bundle fill with treasures and washbasin. In front of me, kneeing nervous was a couple both dressed in high-quality robes and dresses. Off to the right side is a woman and two children; they were obvious a family, a wife and her children. Off to the left was an old man.

After about another minute checking through the reports, I loudly bang my gravel.

"You couple!" I directed my words to the kneeing couple, "What do you have to say for yourself!? Do you admit to crime!?"

"Y-Your Grace!" the husband answered, "There must be some mistake! We have done nothing to admit to-!"

"Silence!" I bellowed, "In this court you dare sprout nonsense of no guilt!? In my present!?"

"Your Grace~!" the wife cried dramatically, "We are innocent~! We have done nothing wrong~! We have no idea what is going on~!"

"Oh you don't, do you!?" I scoffed as I turn to the mother with her children, "Madam, inform the court why you and your children are here today!"

"U-Understood," the Mother acknowledged and began to retell her story, "Nearly over two months ago, my husband, a well-manner Merchant, decided to venture to the capital of the Province, Ka-Hi, to sell off some of his some merchandises he was lucky enough to get his hands on in order to obtain an expensive medicine for our sickly mother. It should have taken only at most two days to reach the Ka-Hi, three days to sell what he can, and two days to journey back; he has promise that he would return within the week. But after two weeks, there was still no sign of him. Worried about him, I left my eldest children to care of our mother and venture to Ka-Hi in search for him. Our relative who lives in Ka-Hi claim to had not seen him at all in the week he should have been there…"

"So file a report to the Courthouse?"

"Yes. I came here because Your Grace says you needed me to solve this case…"

I nodded before directing my attention to the old man. "Sir Street Cleaner, tell the court why you are here today!"

"A-As you wish," the Old Street Cleaner nodded, "about a month ago, I went marketing and bought that washbasin that is currently on your desk…" The Old Street Cleaner pointed to the washbasin. "It was only after I brought it home that notice something peculiar about it. Having heard about the Mother's cases and having bought the washbasin from the family here…" He indicated the kneeing couple. "…as well as something else, I thought it would be useful to the case and brought it here…"

"Is good that you did!" I nodded before glaring down at the couple, banging the gravel as I did, "Do you two understand now why you are called here for?"

"W-We still do not understand, Your Grace," the husband claimed.

"I am saying that you two are here today to be trail for the crime of murdering this Madam's Merchant Husband!"

"… …W-What!?" the suspected couple gasped, "Y-Your Grace, we are innocent!"

"Stop talking nonsense! Did you think I would have brought you here if I wasn't sure of your crime!?"

The suspected pair grovels in panic at my voice.

"I did my investigation into this matter. Indeed, from where the Merchant Husband lives it would take only two days to get here to Ka-Hi. I have spoken to the guards that were station the night of his arrival. Apparently, because of regulation, he had arrived at night and was deny entrance into the city; he had no choice but to lodge in somewhere close by in order to enter in the morning when the gates are open! Judging by the shortest route he could have taken and area closest to where the Merchant Husband was turn away, your house where you work as pottery makers is the most likely place he would have found and lodge at! Yet by the morning that he should have return to the city to enter, he was nowhere to be found! Judging by his wife's description of her husband, this will only happen to a well-manner man if he was involve with foul play! That is how I concluded that you two must be involved with his disappearance!"

"Your Grace!" The Suspected Wife cried dramatically, "This is unreasonable! Just on that, you pin us with a crime we have nothing to do with!?"

"Unreasonable!? Nothing to do with!? Then how do you explain all these valuables found in your house!?"

"Y-Your Grace, if you are questioning that as a mean to place a crime on head, then you truly are being unreasonable!" The Suspected Husband frowned, "That is the savings the two of us amassed together from our profession-!"

"Enough of this nonsense!" I banged the gravel in anger, "You claim that base on your profession of making household potteries amasses you this much valuables!"

"It is the truth, Your Grace~!" The Suspected Wife cried, "It is the truth~! Since we began, I have restrain the urge to buy expensive food and clothing so we can both amasses this quantity of valuables~!"

"You dare lie in this court!?" I held up the bundle fill with treasures, "In this bundle are about Five Thousand Coins already. Counting the other valuables found it this bundle alone would be worth Five-Hundred Thousand Coins, enough to buy three highly prize city houses! Your business in selling household potteries for a year could not even amass two percent of what this bundle amount to; in other words, there is no feasible for you to amass this bundle in your entire life!"

The suspected couple trade uneasy glances at each other before the husband spoke up.

"Your Grace," The Suspected Husband began knowingly, "It may be true that you can pin us for obtaining valuables that is not ours, but you cannot pin murder on us just on that! If are pinning us for that, there must be a body found. May I ask if Your Grace had any bodies that connect us to this murder-!?"

Upon hearing that, I angrily bang the gravel for silence.

"You dare bring this up!?" I asked slowly, "You dare speak so smugly about connecting you to a body you destroy to place a crime on you!? In your haste to cover your crime, you cremated the Merchant Husband's body in your pottery kiln to destroy the evidences and turn his remain into washbasins, didn't you!?"

At my words, the suspected pair flinched.

"This Old Street Cleaner here first brought me this washbasin, claiming it to be inhabited by a spirit seeking justice to bring down on his murderers! Although in the end I never seen or heard the so-call spirit, after investigating the washbasin I discover that it is incredibly harder than any other washbasin made by others. After many debates, I determine that only by mixing together clay and human body ashes can a washbasin be made so strong! You knew this, that is why you hurryingly sold your newly made washbasin at such low price, isn't that right!?"

The suspected pair fidgeted on the spoke, unwilling to speak.

"As if that isn't enough to incriminate you, you foolishly kept this bundle which was clearly handmade and customize. Madam, do you not recognize this fabric of the bundle!?"

"Yes," the Mother nodded, tears forming in her eyes, "It is the very same bundle that I saw my husband off with!"

I nodded before glaring at the kneeing suspected couple. "You try to get rid of the evidences yet you kept the most excruciating evidence right in your own house! You thought destroying your victim's body would make you safe, but you never would have imagine that a simple Old Street Cleaner would coincidentally bring forth one of your washbasin in the pretense of a ghost seeking justice. Everything is now clear within the court; admit to your crime right now! Or are you two not afraid that the spirit of the Merchant Husband will not come after you to seek out his own vengeance!?"

At my words, the suspected wife glances over to her husband for consolation. But as soon as she did, she suddenly screamed in fright and started to scurry away in fear. Likewise, the suspected husband turns up to look at his screaming wife only to scream in fright too as he back away from where he had kneed.

Ei, the Old Street Cleaner, the Widow Wife, the Children, and the soldiers of the courthouse looked on in nervous confusion at the suspected pair's strange reaction; it was as if they were frighten by something no one else can see.

"No, please~!" The Suspected Husband begged into nothingness, "Stay away from me~!"

"Please stay away~!" The Suspected Wife cried in fear, "Do not come closer~!"

"No! No~!"

"I-It was him~!" The Suspected Wife suddenly pointed to her husband, "He was the one that killed you! It was his idea~! He was the one that attack and kill you by smashing your head with that log~! I did not have anything to do with it~~!"

Upon hearing that, I bang the gravel for silence and gave out my order. "Guards! Lock these two up in the dungeon for the crime of murder! Ka-Ku-san! Have them place their signature on the records later to show that they admitted to their crimes!"

"Y-Yes sir!" Ei managed.

"Court dismissed!" I finalized as the couple continued to cry out in fear as they were dragged out.

Once they were gone, the Widow Wife and her children kneed before me in gratitude.

"Bless Your Grace!" The widow wife cried, "Justice has finally returned to my dead husband!"

"Rise, Madam!" I ordered and nodded to Ei who took the bundle, went over to the wife and gave it to her along with a small bottle.

"…? These are…?"

"The bundle was originally your husband; we are simply returning it to you. As for the bottle, that is the medicine that your late husband had tried to obtain for your sickly mother. So instead of using the valuables in the bundle for that medicine, feel free to use or save it for something else…"

"…! B-Bless Your Grace for your generosity!"

I nodded as Ei came to the desk, took the washbasin and handed it to the Old Street Cleaner along with a small bag fill with coins.

"Old Street Cleaner," I began, "Your intervention had played a part in narrowing down the suspect in this case! I not only return the washbasin to you but also grant you One Thousand coins for your indirect help…"

"Thank you, Your Grace," The Old Street Cleaner accepted the washbasin and the coins before looking over to the widow and her children, "…But would it be better to hand this washbasin over to that family? It is made from her husband's death body and I am pretty his spirit would prefer it that way…"

Ei rolled her eyes. "There is no such thing as ghost for the last time!"

"But a moment ago, the couple was screaming in fright at something. They must have seen the spirit of the Merchant Husband!"

"W-Well, that is…"

"Old Street Cleaner," I called, "Do not dwell on it. The couple was simply done in by their own conscious. They knew the game was up in their hearts, and because they had a guilty conscious it manifest into a vision of their victim coming to haunt them. There was no ghost involved or I, as the Messenger from Heaven, would have seen it…"

"Y-Yeah! Exactly!"

"I-I see," The Old Street Cleaner glanced at the washbasin unsurely, "But still, it still contains the remains of their dear family member…"

At that, I turn to the Widow Wife. "What do you have to say about this? Do you wish to take the washbasin?"

"…? May I really?" the Widow Wife wondered.

"The Old Street Cleaner seems fine with it…"

"… …Then," the Widow Wife bow gratefully to the Old Street Cleaner, "I thank you for your generosity…"

"Do not be," the Old Street Cleaner gently handed the washbasin over, "It would seem like a waste if I used it to clean my dirty feet as I intended…"

Everyone laughed at the Old Street Cleaner's statement before everyone start leaving the courtroom.


"… …You are good," Ei managed in a stun manner once we were alone, "You are
really
good at this…"

I chuckled tiredly as I fell back in the chair I was sitting in. "You have been saying that the entire month we been doing this…"

"What else I can say!? You took advantage of the suspects' superstitious fear and turn it into a confession! You turn a simple washbasin into evidence! After seeing you do something like this time and time again, it makes the first time met you seems like a really calculated bad first impression!"

"…N-No kidding," a voice suddenly managed from the entrance of the courtroom.

Ei and I turn to find not only Nenene but most of my comrades as well there. Even Yue, who should have been learning diligently from the Castle Maid Brigade on how to be a proper maid, was there as she stared at me in wonder.

"Oh, everyone!" I called in greeting.

"We have return, My Lord~!" Denden-chan cheered as she happily rushes up to where I was and leap into me with a hug.

"…!? Denden!" Aisha exclaimed, "Show proper decorum when greeting Our Lord!"

"My Lord~!" Denden-chan continued, ignoring Aisha's lecture, "You were amazing during the court session! Even Aisha froze with awe when she saw how you act up the very end~!"

"…!? D-D-Denden! Do not speak unnecessary words to Our Lord!"

As the two bickered, I gave a small smile. A month ago when they left, Denden and Aisha were not close enough to even start calling each other by their True Name. But now? I'm glad in the one month they've been together, they somehow got along.

"…M-My Lord. Why are you smiling like that?"

"Well," I laughed, "I'm glad that you two are getting along now…"

"Y-You are mistaken, My Lord. 'Getting along' is still too much of a stretch for Denden and I…"

"…I see. 'Denden' not 'Bi-Hou', huh?"

"… … … … … …! Y-You are mistaken, My Lord!"

"Hee-Hee~!" Denden-chan chimed, "Aisha dug her own grave~!"

"Denden! Shut your impish mouth!"

I laughed at the exchanged as I notice Ei making her way over to Yue.

"Are you okay, Yue!?" Ei asked, patting Yue down as to find something, "No one bullied you as you work, did they!?"

Yue shook her head. "Not at all! Everyone in the Castle Maid Brigade was kind and thoughtful of me. I learn so much from them!"

Mika nodded. "Yue-chan is fast learner. If I had known better, it would appear that Yue-chan her is a natural maid…"

"You praise too much, Mika-sensei. Everyone, include Mika-sensei, has been patience with…"

"There was no such thing. One does not require much patience with someone as eager as you, Yue-chan…"

"…M-Mika-sensei~?" Ei gawked at the way Yue addressed Mika.

"Please do not put too much thought into it, Ei-san. Yue-chan was intending to call me Head Maid-sama had I not talked her into just calling by my name…"

"H-Head Maid-sama!?"

"But Mika-sensei has taught me so much," Yue explained happily, "I have so much respect for her and how diligent she is to her work, so…"

"Yue~! Please remember that at one point, servants like her once had to pay respect to you~~!"

"But that is all in the past now, Ei-chan…"

"That may be, but…"

"Ah~! I had almost forgotten! Ei-chan, Mika-sensei has also agreed to teach Ei-chan how to be a proper maid as well for Our Lord…"

"…WHAT!? I shall be taught as well!?"

"That is technically your job, Ei," I chuckled.

"…Ugh, why did you have to remind me~!"

Mika giggled. "It would appear that I shall have quite some fun turning you into a proper maid…"

"Do not sound amuse by this!"

"So, Ei-sensei," Nenene voiced, "How was it, working under Our Lord for the past month?"

As if something snapped in her, Ei suddenly groveled on the ground.

"…!? E-Ei-sensei!?"

"Ei-chan!?" Yue crouched over her childhood friend, "What is wrong?"

"…I-It was hellish," Ei comically cried, "When not investigating the case outside the session, I had to sit through the entire session as he was thundering at those criminals~! It took all the willpower I had to keep my hand moving to record the events of the trails~!"

"…Nyah~!" Rinrin meowed nervously, "Was it that scary?"

"As if that was not bad enough, if the criminal tries to do something stupid, Chou-Sen would immediately come to settled it…"

"…Ah~!" Rairai-chan sweat dropped, "The big Wo-Man everyone brought back from the Anti-Tou-Taku Coalition?"

"Yeah," I sighed, "Aside from ensuring the criminal doesn't resist too greatly, not only did I had him patrol—ahem,
tour
the region, but also had keep the criminals in line—I mean,
visit
the dungeons ever now and then…"

"…My condolence for the criminals…"

"Forget him, he was not the one that I had to tiredly get spook from!" Ei exclaimed before turning to me, "And you! Do not divert attention away from you! I understand now, when you get angry it makes Chou-Sen's look like a small pout!"

"You must jesting, Ei-sensei," Nenene sweat dropped.

"I am not! You all witness today's session as well, right; do not deny it!"

"That just shows how dedicated he is to solving the cases and how concern he is for the populace," Touka-chan giggled.

I nervously chuckled in response. "When I think about how these criminals are taking advantage of the fragile situation to perform their wicked crimes and think they can get away with it by smooth talking in the court… …I don't know, I just snap…"

"Snap, huh~!?" Ei grumbled tiredly, "That was like
every
serious court cases we had!"

"Yeah~…Sorry, again, for letting you through all of those," I coughed uncomfortably before spotting an unfamiliar person among the group, "…? Who's this person?"

"…Ah~! My Lord," Aisha beckoned the new person forward, "This is Suu-Sou Tsukai, a former bandit who wishes to help our goal in creating a peaceful world…"

"…!? Suu-Sou?" That is a name that I recognize as well. Historically, he didn't exist except in the realm of fiction; in fiction, Suu-Sou is one of Kan-U's most devoted followers. As a former Yellow Scarves General, Suu-Sou witness Kan-U's bravery on the battlefield and once they meet again he swore loyalty to the Great General. Suu-Sou serves Kan-U to his demise, committing suicide follow the news of his General's death and has been immortalize since as one of the two figures found alongside honorary statues of Kan-U as his weapon bearer, despite never historically existing.

"Suu-Sou Tsukai, at your service My Lord," Suu-Sou kowtow to me, "You may call me Eiko if my name is otherwise too much of a mouthful…"

"Are you sure? 'Eiko' is your True Name, isn't it?"

At that, Eiko for a moment gave a sad smile before switching to a more joyous smile. "Think nothing of it, My Lord! Anyone that Aisha-dono approves as her Lord And Lady is acceptable to me as well…"

Although I question that tiny moment of uncertainty, I nevertheless smile and nodded at her in understanding.

"Well, as much as I like to stay here and simply chat to make up for the one month we were mostly apart," I announced as I stood up and stretch my back, "I like to officially hear the reports of our current situation. Let us head back to the castle and get a briefing there…"

"Agreed," Chin-Kei nodded as everyone began to make their way out of the courtroom.

I was on my way out to when I suddenly sense something behind me and turn. There, kowtowing to me on the floor in front of the desk was a nearly transparent man in dress in traveling clothes.

"…Thank you~, Your Grace~, for relieving this one of his earth-bound regret~…" the man spoke in an echo-like fashion.

…Truth to be told, I had lied in the court. The "person" in front of me really was the spirit of the Merchant Husband that was the victim in the last case I solve. The Old Street Cleaner didn't hallucinate, and I have seen him. Ever since I was young, I was able to see people who most others cannot see so I was more or less to it. But I kept it a secret to almost everyone because one: it wouldn't change a thing and two: after telling Taiki and Shiba-san about it, Shiba-san suggested that I hid it in order not to needlessly scare people and to have a hidden card that can be use in critical situation.

"…The crime that has been done upon you has been put to a proper rest," I spoke to the spirit, "…You can go rest in peace now…"

"…Thank you~…" And with that, the spirit disappears.

"…? Kazuto-kun~!" Touka-chan called back, "Is there something wrong~?"

"…Nope," I answered back, "Nothing's wrong~!"

"Then hurry up~! You have yet to receive any report since you were preoccupy with the court cases~!"

"Got it, got it," And with that I rush to catch up with my comrades.


After everything has been reported and talked over, Touka-chan and I was finally given a breather to wander out and explore the city of Ka-Hi, now blooming with activity.

"It is hard to believe not a month ago, Ka-Hi was on the verge of breaking down not long after the Late Lord of Jo-Shou passed away," Touka-chan awed as she stared about.

"I'll say," I sighed, "aside from the interior of the courthouse, I rarely got the chance to simply explore outside…"

"Both of us end up cooped up inside," Touka-chan giggled.

"Well, we have the chance now, right?"

Touka-chan nodded before glancing at my steed. "How is he since then?"

"Red Hare?" I looked down at the envy of all horses, a gift from Yue when she join us, the Red Horse Red Hare, "He was incredibly hard to deal with in the beginning, but it looks like he's starting to accept me a bit…at the very least he's not throwing me off like before…"

Touka-chan giggled. "Red Hare is a proud horse, according to Yue, who will not simply allow just anyone to ride it. Your persistence and kindness must have worked their magic to entice Red Hare to you now…"

"You think so?" Just as I have told Touka-chan, when I first receive Red Hare it didn't exactly like the idea that I was its new rider; I can understand since any horse would prefer the beautiful and gentle Yue over me any day. The first time I try mounting it, he threw me off after thrashing about like crazy, though it settled down once I got off. But I wasn't one to give up on riding such a famous horse, so I change my method.

During the month I was preforming my duty as a Court Official, whenever I had a break, I would simply visit, feed and groom it; I figure if I can get it to trust me enough it would eventually accept me. About three weeks doing this, I finally took a gamble and slowly nudge towards mounting it. Amazingly, it'd worked…though it's still a long shot from freely galloping around proudly with it. Having Red Hare leisurely carrying me about the city was as much as I could muster at the moment.

"…Not many can tame the famous Red Hare so easily as to simply ride it," a voice suddenly noted, "I must say it is a mystery how you managed it…"

Touka-chan and I turn to find a girl dressed in a blue robe under a green frilly apron, a green hood hid most of her facial features with only a small strands of unorganized lavender hair poke out of underneath her hood, and wielded a Jian Sword which was currently sheathed and hanging from her right hip.

"Though, one can also say it is to be expected of the Messenger from Heaven…"

"I-Is that so?" I managed as the mysterious girl suddenly glance (I think) at Touka-chan's steed that she receive from Eiko earlier in the day.

"…Is this your chosen steed, Descendant of Imperial Royalty?"

"…? Yes?"

"…Although this is a fine steed, it bares the stigma of bad luck…"

"…? What do you mean?"

"…This horse is none other than the Hex Mark, the Horse of Misfortune. One can say it is the opposite to the divine Red Hare this honorable sir is riding; Red Hare allows the rider to escape peril whereas Hex Mark draws peril to it. Honorable lady, you must not use it as a mount anymore, lest it brings evil to you…"

"No way!" Touka-chan glance nervously at Hex Mark, but her eyes shows more concern for the horse rather worry for herself, "…May I ask what kind of evil it would bring me?"

"Mortal danger, I am afraid," the mysterious girl announced, "perhaps in a few days, or even months, one cannot say…"

"…Is there a way to avert this evil?"

At this, the mysterious girl smirked. "It is not difficult. Honorable lady, you just simply gift this horse to any of your enemies…"

"…!?"

"After the Hex Mark brings harm to that enemy, you can retrieve it and continue to ride it. This will bring two conveniences to you at once-…"

"I am sorry, I cannot do that!" Touka-chan suddenly declared.

"…?"

"What kind of talk is this? To injure someone for one's own benefit is against Heaven's justice! I would rather die than do such a thing!"

The girl glared (I think) at Touka-chan before breaking out some amused giggles. "They say that Ryuu Gentoku is compassionate and righteous. True enough it said! Koumei and Shigen have chosen a good Lord and Lady…"

"…? Y-You know Shuri and Hinari?"

"…If Heaven wills it, we shall meet again, Ryuu-Bi Gentoku, Hongou Kazuto…"

"Ah-!" I called but the mysterious girl had already disappeared into the crowds; as suddenly as she'd appear, she disappeared. "She's gone…"

"What was that all about?" Touka-chan wondered.

"…I'm not sure…"


Meanwhile, in Kyo-Shou…

"…All the provinces has send their annual taxes to the Imperial Court," Tei-Iku informed to Sou-Sou, "as well as sending their province reports…"

"Is that so?" Sou-Sou began reading through the reports before pausing with a confused glare, "…? I was not expecting much, but Jo-Shou has managed to turn in their taxes in full!"

"…That is a bit strange," Jun-Iku hummed in thought as she too read through the report from Jo-Shou, "in the current situation where most of the lower magistrates and governor has been switching around, one would not think that Jo-Shou, though rich but riddled with problems, would be able to calmly fulfill the Imperial Court's demand for taxes…"

"Reports are also coming in how the Province is currently growing both militarily and economically as well…"

"…Looks like that Ryuu-Bi is not as daft as we presume if she can stir her Province, which she has just recently occupied, to prosperity…"

"…I am afraid," Shiba-san suddenly noted as she read the report once she managed to obtain it, "our presumption is correct, Sou-Sou-sama…"

"…? What do you mean?"

"The economy of Jo-Shou is rising rapidly; given time, it will overtake us in Kyo-Shou and when that happens, even their military will be a match for us…"

"Is it that dire?"

"Yes. Manipulating the merchants in order to indirectly obtain the higher classes' riches while also keeping the economical market flowing; new farming methods; even the quick annihilation of the banditry problem while nearly persevering their army with little casualty. One could think of these reports as a warning to others…that this province is getting ready faster than all others…"

"I can understand that," Sou-Sou nodded, "…still, if that is the case, why are saying that my expectation of Ryuu-Bi is correct? Do these reports not signify that we were wrong?"

"Of course not. Because the one who is driving this Province into prosperity isn't Ryuu-Bi-dono…"

"…!? If not her, is it Shokatsu-Ryuu? Or even that other one…Hou-Tou, was it?"

"Not them either," Shiba-san shook her head, "I do not believe those two are capable of using these methods…"

"Well then who!?" Jun-Iku snapped, "You have been denying just about everyone that Karin-sama can thing of! Who then, do you believe Shiba Izumi, is responsible for this!?"

"…Shokatsu-Ryuu and Hou-Tou may be knowledgeable, but only in the realm of the current situation. Ryuu-Bi-dono is reckless and an idealist, but not this forceful… …It could only be him…"

"…? Him?" Kaku-Ka readjusted her glasses, "Who is him?"

"…The one man who descended from the same charming society that I hail from, who is both needlessly knowledgeable in certain areas and ironically forceful when needed to be…"

"…Him, huh?" Sou-Sou grimaced, understanding who Shiba-san was referring to, "Certainly, he was the last the person I expected to be able to pull this off despite his childish behavior…"

"With him, Sou-Sou-sama," Shiba-san sighed tiredly, "I would reckoned that his child-like behavior is merely a front…though it is frustrating that cannot prove against the idea that it's otherwise…"

"…Is he smart or foolish!?"

"I don't know; I've known him for more than ten years and I still don't know for sure…"


Meanwhile, in Kou-Tou…

"…We are currently in the midst of carrying out public order throughout Tan-Yo and Yuu-Chan in order to gain public support for conquering Go-Gun and Hue-I-Ji," Shuu-Yu reported, "by my calculation, we should be able to strike Go-Gun within the next month…"

"Good!" Son-Saku nodded before giving an exhausting sigh, "I was thinking we could let someone else handle this while we are attacking Yuu-Chan, but I did not expect them to join us without resistance~! So now all we can do is improving public order in both regions until we fight Go-Gun~…"

"This is a mix blessing, Sheren. I was more concern whether we would have the sufficient force to take on Tei-Fu-dono after taking on both Tan-Yo and Yuu-Chan; originally we planned to strike Go-Gun in two month but now we can do so the next month…"

"I know~!" Son-Saku pouted, "Raika-chan is a big help in that manner I guess…"

"Yes, Raika-san is doing a good job stabilizing our political aspect…"

"And because she is around now, we can move most of our people off the deskwork," Son-Saku chuckled before looking at the reports that was sent in by one of their spies from other provinces, "Hopefully, we can wrap up and secure the last two region of Kou-Tou soon. The other warlords are progressing rather fast for the upcoming turmoil…"

"En-Shou to the high north is showing signs that spreading her influences soon," Shuu-Yu listed, "En-Jutsu is also showing signs of preparing for war; Sou-Sou is using the Emperor to gain a distinct advantage in this rest for preparation…"

"…The most worrying is Jo-Shou, though," Son-Saku suddenly noted, "Where Gentoku has been stationed for about a month. Despite it riddled with problems, they not only solved most of them but have also boosted their military, political and economic aspect…"

"…That is certainly worrying," Shuu-Yu hummed in suspicion, "In this time, when everyone is rushing to boost mostly either their military or political aspect, for Jo-Shou to secure those and their economic aspect…in other worlds, with or without war they will not have much problem in the future…"

Son-Saku nodded gravely. "With hardly anything wrong with their policy, they have the entire strength of a healthy province under them. Given the choice, rather than Go-Gun, I want to take out this Province first before it has the chance to eye us…"

Shuu-Yu nodded. "I would expect nothing less from Shokatsu-Ryuu and Hou-Tou…"

"…Do you really believe they are the ones behind this?"

"…? What do you mean?"

"…I consulted Taiki about this," Son-Saku admitted before giggling at Shuu-Yu's bitter reaction upon hearing the name, "He thinks this is the work of his friend, Hongou Kazuto…"

"Hongou Kazuto? The one who shares power with Ryuu-Bi Gentoku?"

"Yeah. If it was simply military and political aspect, it is understandable that Shokatsu Koumei and Hou Shigen are responsible. But the economic aspect is on a steady rise too and both of them have been away helping clearing the banditry problem, according to our spies…"

"…I see," Shuu-Yu hummed in thought, "…So is that why Taiki Sonoma believe his friend was the one behind all of this?"

"There was no doubt in his guess, claiming it to be his gut feelings telling him it is so…"

"…Hard to argue against a beast instinct I suppose…"

Son-Saku giggled as Shuu-Yu's grumbling.

On the other hand, Taiki was just outside the room Son-Saku and Shuu-Yu was talking in and glance proudly up into the sky.

"…Seriously~!" Taiki smirked, "Pulling a fast one like this, not long after we promise to war against each other too~! Talk about being unexpected as usual…"


Back in Kyo-Shou…

Shiba-san was also now glaring upward towards the sky, her eyes full of anxiety but also anticipation.

"…Is this just a coincidence, Hongou-san? Is it a declaration on how serious you are about standing against me? Or is it that you planned all of this when the three of us declare that we will not hold back once we confront each other on even grounds?"

Shiba-san went silent in thought for a moment before cracking a small smirked.

"…I don't know which is it, but I will take it as simply your resolve to stand against me! When the day comes, we shall see who truly held the initiative…"


"Rise to the top! I'll be waiting Kazuto/Hongou-san," Taiki and Shiba-san spoke those words exactly despite being provinces apart.

And as if sensing their words, in Jo-Shou Kazuto looked up into the sky as well with a smile.

"…I'm on my way you two," Kazuto noted.

"…? Who are you talking to, Kazuto-kun?" Touka-chan titled her head in confusion.

"No one particular," I laughed her question off as I continue to gallop alongside her.


That night in Jo-Shou, over the skies of a random village, a shooting star appears and descended down onto the earth; it was far enough from the village to appear soundless but close enough to create a small tremor.

At the site of the crash, rather than a crater, there was just a lot of steam. These steams obscure the immediate crash point initially, but in time the steam began to clear.

But as it was clearing, a single figure began to rise unsteady to its feet, clutching its head and coughing in a daze.

"Ugh~!" the figure voiced in a bewilderment, "What's going on~? … … … …And where am I?"


Longest and most frustrating chapter yet completed~!

The characters that are introduce this time that are new to the Koihime Musou Universe are: Chin-Kei Kanyu, Chin-Tou Genryuu and Son-Kin Kouyuu.

Chin-Kei Kanyu is Chen Gui Hanyu, a spy of Cao Cao who help misled Lu Bu and allow the Hero of Chaos to take most of Xu Province, though in fiction he was in support of Liu Bei being the Governor of Xu Province. Chin-Tou Genryuu is Chen Deng Yuanlong, the son of Chen Gui who also help sow the defeat of Lu Bu in the long-run and was a military general praised by both Cao Cao and Liu Bei, the latter in fiction Chen Deng support as the true governor of Xu Province.

Son-Kin Kouyuu is Sun Qian Gongyou, an adviser of Liu Bei who help forge the alliance between his Lord, Yuan Shao and Liu Biao against Cao Cao. Originally, his Japanese name is "Son-Ken" but I didn't want people to confuse her with with Son-Ken (Sun Quan), the future Emperor of Wu, so I decided to change the spelling a bit (It's not much, but it will do).

Now, in this chapter, I introduce an OC that didn't make it into the Koihime Musou Universe…this person is a fictional character even in the tales of the Three Kingdom. This person is Suu-Sou Tsukai, or Zhou Cang in Chinese. In fiction, he is one of Guan Yu's most loyal subordinate second to one of Guan Yu's sons, Guan Ping, with Zhou Cang having the honor to be Guan Yu's Weapon Bearer. Though he is fictional, Zhou Cang has been idolize alongside the General he serve; some depiction of him having him stand by a statue of Guan Yu, carrying the God of War's weapon and being the darker aid in comparison to Guan Ping as Guan Yu's lighter aid.

With Suu-Sou's introduction came a new Common Name, Tsukai. "

Tsukai

" roughly means "

Bearer

" in homage to the concept that Zhou Cang is honor as Guan Yu's Weapon Bearer.

Two other characters are also breifly mention in the chapter; the first appeared before Ryuu-Bi and Kazuto to comment about the Hex Mark while the last one appears at the end of the chapter. Both are OC new to the Koihime Musou Universe, though only one of them is based on an actually historical person. Again, in order not to spoil future chapters, I will not reveal who they are until much later.

In the chapter, I apologizes to my readers; the chapter will be refocusing back to Kyo-Shou, where a…how should I put it…revolution is about to unfold. Sorry for those who are expecting a conflict between Ryuu-Bi's force and En-Shou's force or a conflict between Ryuu-Bi's force and En-Jutsu's force…those come later. But at the very least two characters new to the KM Universe shall make an appearance. Stay tune and find out who they are~!

>