


Okay the battle of Naruto vs. Deidara and Sasori begins now! Read, enjoy and of course review!


"Normal Talking/Techniques"

"
Bijuu and Summoning Talking"


'
Thoughts'


"YELL
ING"



(With Naruto)


Naruto was pissed off at the two members of Akatsuki for two reasons. The first one was obvious; they were planning on taking Gaara and extracting Shukaku from him thus killing Naruto's best friend. That alone would've been reason enough to be angry and kill these bastards. But the real reason that angered Naruto was that these people were going to take Gaara away from his family, his siblings, his wife…his children. Children who would never grow up with a father to love them and protect them…just like what Naruto had to go through too. It would be hell on earth when Naruto was going to even allow something like that to happen.

"Funryu Tejun (Jet Step)!" Naruto murmured and with wind chakra flowing underneath his feet Naruto shot forward right in front of Deidara. The Iwa-bomber barely had any time to react when Naruto slammed a wind chakra enhanced fist into his stomach. "Kugan (Air Force)!" And a pressure of wind from the fist struck Deidara and sent him flying backwards several feet while at the same time crashing through trees along the way.

'
Fast'
Sasori thought just as Naruto spun around towards his direction. Raising his left leg Naruto unleashed another Kugan with his feet. But Sasori surprisingly jumped away easily despite his body's build. All that Naruto hit was the ground, creating a decent size crater. The former Suna-nin launched his metal scorpion tail at Naruto, trying to impale him. But Sasori was in for a shock when Naruto did a brief jump and with one hand, stood on top of the silver tail in mid-air and swiftly followed it up with a backwards jump towards the clay owl.

Sasori's eyes widened as he realized that the owl was Naruto's target. The cloth covering his mouth ripped apart, revealing Sasori's odd mouth as it fired a barrage of senbons from it at Naruto. However if Naruto was surprised it didn't show as he used his red bladed sword to deflect the barrage of senbons before slicing the owl's head off. Without the head the Owl lost its balance and began to fall, releasing its precious cargo at the same time.

Without wasting a breath Naruto nicked his finger, drawing some blood. He quickly spread the blood across the summoning seal on his bracer. "Kuchiyose no Jutsu!" And a poof of smoke appeared before revealing the dark red fox with yellow stripes Doro appeared. "Doro-san! Grab Gaara and take him back to the village!" Naruto ordered.

"
Understood Naruto-sama!"
The fox replied as he used he wrapped the unconscious Gaara's form with his large tail. Once he had secured his package safely around his tail the large kitsune dashed quickly towards Sunagakure.

"Damn it! You're not getting away!" Sasori yelled as he lifted his left arm and revealed his left arm, which was some kind of gauntlet with several wooden cylinders attached to it. Before Naruto could figure out what he was doing, the gauntlet attached to Sasori's left arm suddenly fired at a fast pace towards Doro.
'I'll use my poison senbons to kill and stop the fox. Its protecting the jinchuuriki enough that he won't be harmed.'
Sasori thought as he watched his projectile fly towards Doro.

But just as it was about to release its contents, a thousand or more senbons, Naruto suddenly jumped in between it and Doro taking the full brunt of the flying senbons. 'What!?' Sasori exclaimed as he watched the Kyuubi jinchuuriki being turned into a pincushion. But "Naruto" quickly dispelled into smoke a few seconds later.
'Shadow Clone!'
Sasori exclaimed.
'Then where is the real…?'


His thoughts were cut off when he saw a shadow above him. Looking up the puppet user saw Naruto diving towards him…with a Rasengan in his right hand. "Rasengan!" Naruto shouted as he slammed the spiraling sphere of chakra right into Sasori's body…and exploded into multiple flying pieces of wood and metal. Naruto was momentarily surprise since he was expecting the body to be crushed and Sasori to spit large amounts of blood from his mouth. But he quickly put two and two together when he saw a cloaked being jump away from the mangle mess before Naruto's attack hit it.

"I see it now." Naruto said as he stood on opposite ends of the cloak being, the broken body of "Sasori" in the middle. "You made an armor-type puppet to get rid of a puppeteer's usual weakness of close range combat. As expected of the infamous Akusuna no Sasori (Sasori of the Red Sand)." Naruto commented.

"I'm honored to receive such praise from the Kodama (Fox Spirit)" Sasori said as he removed his cloak, revealing his young tan face, short and unruly red hair and Akatsuki cloak. "You're skills and Onmyoton bloodline will make you a suitable puppet once we've extracted the Kyuubi." Sasori commented.

'
He looks a lot younger then what I expect from a thirty-year old man. Hell he doesn't look like he's age at all.'
"Well as a privilege as it would be I must deny it since I rather enjoy living and still have a long life ahead of me." Naruto commented as he readied Sekirei. Then he added, "But I think you're friend is a little pissed."

Floating atop a white clay bird behind Naruto was a bruised and angry Deidara. The long blonde hair man was glaring hatefully at Naruto, as if trying to bore holes into the Uzumaki's head. His right hand was clenched in a fist though Naruto couldn't tell if it was because of rage or he was making another clay bomb.

"Deidara stay out of this. In your current condition you're no match for him." Sasori said as he dug through his cloak at the same time.

"Screw that this bastard got in a lucky shot and took away the jinchuuriki I worked hard on capturing. Also I haven't shown him the beauty of my art and I intend to make it the last thing he sees, uhn" The Iwa-bomber exclaimed as he opened his remaining palm, revealing two small clay birds.

"Tch find but don't get in the way of
my
art" Sasori said as he pulled out a scroll and when unraveling it and showed the kanji for three. Smoke soon appeared a few seconds later and when it dispersed it revealed another puppet. This puppet had a male appearance and was a few inches taller then Sasori. It had short black spiky hair and yellow eyes and wore a brown cloak with a fur collar.

'
Why does that puppet's face look so familiar?'
Naruto asked himself as he studied the puppet. He recalled seeing a statue of an important person in Sunagakure that looked similar to Sasori's puppet. It was when he recalled what Chiyo said in regards to the special kinds of puppets that Sasori made did Naruto figure it out. "The Sandaime Kazekage…" Naruto murmured in shock as he stared at what was once the strongest shinobi in Suna's history, reduced to a mere puppet.

"I see that you figured it out. Grandma must've told you." Sasori said calmly though he was slightly amused at seeing the hidden shock on Naruto's face. He always did enjoy seeing that look on his opponents when they learned his puppets were made from people's corpses.

Naruto managed to collect himself just as a clay bird appeared next to him. The redhead jumped away from the clay bird as it exploded and jumped towards Deidara while sending two shadow clones to deal with Sasori and his puppet. Naruto jumped on to a branch just as Deidara threw his second clay bird that grew in size as it flew towards Naruto. But instead of trying to dodge it Naruto leapt towards the bird, doing a spin in midair, Sekirei out. With a clean swipe, Naruto cut the clay bird straight down the middle, avoiding being hit by the explosion.

That seemed to have angered Deidara but the Iwa-bomber remained calmed.
'I might be low on clay but as long as I stay in the sky then I'm safe yeah. Heh it's not like he can fly or anything, uhn.'
Deidara thought.

But Naruto soon murmured to himself, "Sukai (Skywalk)!" And channeling wind chakra into his feet Naruto began 'walking' in the air towards Deidara.

The Iwa-bomber was completely shocked. To him the technique Naruto was using was similar to the Sandaime Tsuchikage's technique. In fact Deidara was in so much shock that he didn't have any time to react to Naruto's next move. After sealing Sekirei back in his bracer Naruto focused fire chakra in his right index finger. Raising his hand towards Deidara, Naruto muttered, "Nensho Dangan (Combustion Bullet)!" And with a snap of the finger, literally, Naruto fired a fireball the size of a hand towards Deidara. His sixth sense kicking in Deidara did a backward jump from his clay bird just as the fireball made contact with it. When it did the fireball exploded, going about a block wide as it consumed the bird and Deidara.

Naruto watched as a figure fell from the large ball of smoke towards the ground. He couldn't tell if the Akatsuki Iwa-bomber was dead or not but for now he wouldn't be bothering Naruto. Now he could focus on Sasori and his Sandaime Kazekage. Already the two had taken out his two shadow clones with relative ease.
'If what Chiyo-bachan said is true then that puppet can use the Sandaime's Jiton Iron Sand.'
Naruto thought as he looked down from his spot in the sky.
'I should probably take him on at close quarters so he can't use Iron Sand techniques. It's risky since that puppet will probably have melee weapons coated with poison but my immune system will take care of that…and I got your back too right Kurama?'


The Kyuubi inside of him snorted.
"Please brat like I let my partner die from something as poison."
Kurama said with a smirk.

"Okay then let's go!" Naruto said as he added more wind chakra into his feet. "Funryu Tejun (Jet Step)!" And Naruto fired himself towards Sasori had an incredible speed. But Sasori saw it and reacted immediately. "I'm amazed that you managed to defeat Deidara so quickly but I'll show you the power of my art. Senju Sobu (Thousand Hands Manipulation Force)!" Sasori said as the Sandaime Kazekage puppet lifted its left arm and several compartments open from the arm, revealing summoning seals in them. Suddenly thousands of arms launched out from the seals straight towards Naruto.

Naruto saw the attack coming towards him. "Don't think you can take me down that easily!" Naruto said as he managed to stop himself in mid air and performed several hand signs at lightning speed. "Onmyoton: Tenkyu Hoshiakari (Yin-Yang Release: Celestial Starlight)!" And then Naruto clasped both hands together into a fist, with the fist glowing blue and then shooting out fifty bluish green energy beams towards the oncoming mass of hands. When the beams connected with the hands and upon doing so, exploded, destroying the hands much to Sasori's aggrivation.

"Satetsu Shigure (Iron Sand Drizzle)!" Sasori said as hundreds of small bullets of iron sand shot towards Naruto from the Sandaime Kazekage puppet.

"Shit!" Naruto cried.
'He must've released it sometime during the fight with my clones.'
Naruto thought as he saw the bullets flying towards him. Acting quickly he shot a chakra chain out from his back. The chain impaled into the ground and Naruto used it to pull himself out of the iron sand's path.

Sasori's eyes widened when he saw the chains.
'That's the standard form of the Uzumaki clan's solid chakra shape manipulation. I guess that confirms his connection with them. He'll definitely be a good puppet when this is over.'
The puppeteer thought as he recalled the iron sand. At the same time he disconnected the now damaged thousand hands from the puppet's left arm, revealing a buzz saw underneath it. At the right arm several blades in the form of a claw appeared and Naruto noticed that it was covered in poison.

"You did well in dodging the first attack but let's see how well you do with this?" Sasori asked as he did some quick finger movements. "Satetsu Kesshu (Iron Sand Gathering Assault)!" The particles of iron sand began to merge with each other and soon formed large steel like weapons floating in the air.

'
He must be planning on using those things to attack me from a distance, probably to obscure my vision and take me out with the puppet using a surprise attack.'
Naruto thought as unsealed Sekirei and held the red bladed sword in his right hand.

Sasori saw this action but nevertheless launched the large blocks of iron sand towards Naruto. But the Uzumaki wasn't the least bit concerned as he readied Sekirei. Then in just a few seconds after doing so Naruto thrust the blade forward and to Sasori's shock, the blade extended greatly as it charged towards the blocks of iron sand. The former Suna-nin was even for more of a shock when the blade
pierced
the heavy masses of iron sand and slice them apart with ease. It should also be noted that the blade kept changing directions while doing so.

"W-what…?" Sasori asked in shock, showing it physically for the first time.

Naruto smirked as Sekirei's blade retracted before returning in its original form. "Chakra metal weapons are made so that the wielder can surround the metal with their chakra. Sekirei's blade is made out of a special kind of metal that let's me focus my chakra
within
the blade. Not only does this allow me to increase its weight and sharpness considerably, but I can also manipulate its size and length too." Naruto explained mockingly to Sasori.

Sasori grinded his teeth together in anger at how insulted he felt. "Damn you!" Sasori yelled as he launched the Sandaime Kazekage puppet towards Naruto at blinding speed. In just a few seconds the puppet was upon Naruto and swung both its arms in a scissor like fashion in order to pin down Naruto. But once again Sasori underestimated Naruto as the Uzumaki managed to easily dodge the attack by crouching. Planting Sekirei firmly in the ground Naruto clapped both hands together like a prayer almost. But soon chakra began to gather around the arms and hands, black Yin chakra around the right arm and white Yang chakra around the left arm and the two merged together at the hands to look like the tip of a spear.

"Hasaki: Juso (Blade Edge: Dual Spear)!" Naruto said as he thrust his still clasped hands forward. When it made contact with the puppet's chest, a powerful force of energy was unleashed in the shape of a spear that completely obliterated most of the puppet's body, sending pieces flying backwards. Sasori watched in shock and disbelief as one of his favorite puppets was destroyed so easily. But he had little time to mourn as Naruto reappeared right beside him, his left hand covered with wind chakra. "Kugan (Air Force)!" Naruto shouted as he slammed the palm of his hand into Sasori's right side and sent the puppeteer flying.

"Time to finish this." Naruto mumbled to himself as he retrieved Sekirei and charged forward towards Sasori, fully intending on ending this battle right now. But when he neared the down Akatsuki member, Sasori suddenly lifted his right arm, revealing a pipe sticking out of the palm. Before Naruto could stop, a stream of fire shot out of the pipe right towards Naruto. Fortunately Naruto managed to lift up his left bracer and activate a chakra shield, protecting him from the flames though the bottom of his coat got singed a bit.

"Well that was unexpected…" Naruto muttered to himself as he looked at his coat, making a note to have it fixed when this was over.

"I admit that you're a lot tougher then I originally estimated." Sasori's voice said as he got up, removing his cloak at the same time. "I haven't fought someone so strong since the Sandaime Kazekage. Proof to that is that you managed to destroy the puppet too." The missing-nin finished as he fully stood up, revealing himself to Naruto. A thick cable around a pole stuck out of Sasori's stomach cavity, completely coated with poison. Sticking out of Sasori's hips was a pair of poles with five large blades attached to each of them. Naruto could also make out what appeared to be a scroll holder attached to Sasori's back. Finally sticking out of the left side of Sasori's chest was some kind of object that had the kanj for Scorpion on it. "I can't even remember the last time I had to use
myself
." Sasori said as he stood on top of the cable and was above the ground a few feet.

Naruto just blinked at the guy for a few seconds. Finally he spoke. "I don't know why but I feel like I should've seen this coming…" He said.

Sasori cocked his head to the side. "You know normally when people see this they tend to show a bit more shock." Sasori commented.

"Heh, you'd be surprise by the things I've seen these past six years." Naruto replied with a shrug.

"Fair enough." Sasori said before raising both arms upwards revealing pipes in both palms. "Now then let's continue." And he fired two powerful streams of intense fire at Naruto.

Naruto quickly used Funryu Tejun (Jet Step) and took to the air before switching to Sukai (Skywalk) and was now walking in the air. He managed to avoid the flames but couldn't really get near Sasori as the puppeteer directed his flames upwards.
'Damn doesn't look like he'll let me get close enough…going to have to try another tactic.'
Naruto thought to himself as he landed back on the ground. Sasori immediately fired his flamethrowers again towards him.

"Suiton: Suijinheki (Water Release: Water Formation Wall)!" Naruto said as he finished the hand seals and released a large amount of water from his mouth. The stream of water formed into a wall between Naruto and the flames, taking said flames head on. While he was doing that Naruto formed another set of hand seals. "And Kage Bushin no Jutsu (Shadow Clone Technique)!" And formed a clone on his right. The shadow clone ran around the wall of water and then made a dash towards Sasori while the puppeteer was focused on the original.

"As if I would fall for such an obvious ploy!" Sasori shouted as he directed his left arm towards the clone and released his flames towards it. The clone didn't even have time to dodge as the flames engulfed it, dispelling the clone immediately.

"Onmyoton: Hitsu no Shuriken (Yin-Yang Release: Sun Star Shuriken)!" Another voice from Sasori's right cried. Leaping towards him was a
second
Naruto clone; this time holding in its hand was a large yellow glowing object in the shape of a shuriken.
'The first clone was a decoy!'
Sasori thought as the second clone through the disk at the puppeteer. The disk was spinning so fast that it did actually look like a sun almost but Sasori didn't have any time to enjoy it was he desperately tried to dodge the oncoming attack. He managed to jump backwards out of the disk's range but not fast enough for the disk managed to cut off half of Sasori's left arm, including his Akatsuki ring that was on the left thumb. The disk continued flying, cutting through the ground and trees as it flew upwards and soon dissipated. But Sasori was more focused on the second clone as he glared at it before shooting flames from his remaining right arm, dispelling the second clone soon after.

The sound of feet hitting grass caught the puppeteer's attention and Sasori saw the original Naruto charging towards him.
'Shit I was so focused on the clones that I forgot about the original! And I'm out of flames too!'
Sasori thought before quickly improvising. He fired his 'stinger' from his stomach right at Naruto, intending on impaling the jinchuuriki and subduing him with the poison mixed with the cable. But Naruto didn't fall to such a ploy as he did a jump into the air, dodging the cable before landing just a few inches from Sasori. Without wasting a second Naruto swung Sekirei in a sideway slash right towards Sasori's head…only to have the red blade blocked by on of the blades attached to the pole from Sasori's left hip. Suddenly the five blades began to spin at once, like a propeller, and the sudden force knocked Sekirei out of Naruto's hand, sending the sword flying to the side.

Taking Naruto's momentarily distraction, Sasori did a spin, sending the propeller on his right side towards Naruto. But instead of hitting Naruto, said person vanished from the spot and reappeared several feet away from Sasori. Sticking out of the ground beside Naruto's left leg was one of his double-edge ninjato.

Neither of them seemed tired in the least; this was due to Sasori being a puppet and Naruto having god-level amounts of stamina. However with one arm missing Sasori knew that he was at a disadvantage against the Uzumaki. Also it was clear that Naruto could outmaneuver Sasori in several different ways with the use of his clones and his Space-Time Ninjutsu.
'I guess I'll have to fight him with numbers if I want to end this…'
Sasori thought to himself as he used his right hand to emit chakra string and grab one of the scrolls on his back.

"Akahigi: Hyakki no Soen (Red Secret Technique: Performance of a Hundred Puppets)" Sasori said to himself as he unraveled the scroll and released hundreds of puppets from it, all of them armed with weapons and wearing red cloaks. Then Sasori opened a hidden compartment from his right chest, firing thousands of chakra strings from it, all of them attaching to the puppets and holding them in mid air. "The last time I used this technique was when I conquered a small nation…" The puppeteer finished while covering his face with his right hand. He lifted his head up slightly and glared at Naruto. "I must admit that having to use this technique on one person, despite who it is, is quite…insufferable." Sasori claimed.

Then at least half of the puppets launched forward, heading straight for Naruto. While he was surprised of how many puppets Sasori was able to control, Naruto regained his focus and began to counter the oncoming threat. "Onmyoton: Haiiro Kabekyu no Jutsu (Yin-Yang Release: Grey Wall Sphere Technique)!" And then a grey colored sphere appeared around Naruto. The sphere didn't look very strong but when the first wave of puppets struck it they were momentarily stunned before being sent back, crashing into several other puppets behind them. With an opening now available Naruto deactivated the barrier and charged forward towards Sasori, dodging and smashing several puppets along the way his focus only on the puppeteer.

Sasori however would have none of that as he focused his puppets on performing a pincer move, completely surrounding Naruto as they dove in for the kill. But once again Naruto surprised Sasori when dozens of golden chains popped out of Naruto's back, impaling multiple puppets at once. When the puppets were taken care of Naruto retracted the chains back into his body before activating his right-armed bracer, releasing a blade of chakra from it. He aimed directly for the Sasori's right chest, where the puppeteer's weakness was. Sasori tried to get out of the way but realized he couldn't. Looking down Sasori discovered that another of Naruto's clones had dug underground and its arms were currently hold Sasori's legs, keeping him in place.

"Eat this!" Naruto yelled as he drove the chakra blade hard into Sasori's compartment of flesh. Within seconds the light in Sasori's eyes faded and his body went limp, dead as a doornail. Sasori of the Red Sand was finally dead at the hands of Naruto the Fox Spirit.

With the sound of puppets falling to the ground behind him, Naruto calmly deactivated his chakra blade, causing blood to pour out of the damage core of flesh freely. The clone below Sasori dispelled allowing the body to fall freely to the ground. "Well that was interesting…" Naruto said to himself as he cracked his neck before collecting the Sekirei and his ninjatos.

Inside Naruto's seal Kurama snorted.
"Tch, that didn't even take long. You didn't even use my chakra."
Kurama grumbled.

"
I didn't see any need too. If there were a reason then I would've used it. Besides this way I can surprise Akatsuki the next time I run into them."
Naruto said as he sealed Sekirei.

"
Fair point…"
Kurama replied but still sounded annoyed.
"So what now? Head back to Spring Country?"


"
Not yet…"
Naruto replied as he looked at Sasori's body.
"I want to head back to Suna to make sure Doro got Gaara back there in one piece…though he'll probably get an earful from Temari and Matsuri for getting himself captured. And I can probably collect the bounty on Sasori's head and tell them about the Sandaime Kazekage's actual fate. Chiyo-bachan deserves closure knowing her grandson is dead too… Kankuro might be able to use this puppet too."
Naruto replied as he picked up Sasori's body and once secured, used Mikado to teleport himself to Suna.

With the coast now clear Zetsu slowly rose up from the ground, surveying the damage as he did so. "Wow that was some fight huh?" White Zetsu asked his black half.

"
Yeah but the jinchuuriki didn't even look remotely tired from the battle. Sasori was clearly way over his head in this one and it cost him big time."
Black Zetsu responded as the two merged beings walked towards Sasori's severed left arm.

"At least we're able to retrieve Sasori's ring." White Zetsu said as they picked up the arm. Once they removed the ring they tossed the arm to the side without a care in the world. "What should we do now?" White Zetsu asked his black counterpart.

"
We'll look for Deidara to see if he's still alive or collect his ring if he's dead. Either way I don't think we'll be able to go after the Ichibi for some time."
Black Zetsu replied before the merged being began walking off, searching for the former Iwa-nin Bomber.


(Konoha, Back of Hokage Monument, ANBU Training Ground)


The ANBU training ground was a ground specifically for Konoha's ANBU. It was forbidden from all other shinobi-ranks, even jonins, and especially too civilians though it was kept classified from the civilians as well as genin and chunin-level shinobi. The only other personnel that were allowed into the training ground besides ANBU were former ANBU (They would need permission from the Hokage though) the Hokage and other higher ranked shinobi such as the Sannin.

However the group present there did not consist of ANBU but rather an assortment of different shinobi level people. It was made up of several teams, being team 7, 8, 9 and 10 along with their jonin instructors. With them also were the ANBU Yugao Uzuki, Tenzo now called Yamato and Jiraiya. The only person who was missing was Kurenai, leader of Team 8, not being involved in the mission so she could take care of her and Asuma's child.

"Okay, I assume that you all know why you're here." Jiraiya said to the gathered people. "Our objective is to retrieve Naruto Uzumaki, former Genin of Konoha and the current Kyuubi Jinchuuriki. Until we receive solid info of his current location we'll be working on teamwork and countering whatever we can expect from Naruto. Because of that I brought this with me." The Toad Sage said as he took out a copy of the recent Bingo Book with a bookmark in it.

"A Bingo Book?" Sakura asked when she saw said object.

"Wait, don't tell me that the dead last is in it!" Kiba exclaimed, finding the idea of Naruto being in the book that labeled wanted shinobi being stupid, despite from what he heard from Sasuke and Sakura. A part of him also felt jealous, as it was a wound to his pride too.

"I'm serious. Naruto has done some incredible things over the past six years that earned him a place in this book. However he's known as the Kodama since he's been keeping his real identity a secret. The page of his profile is the one that is bookmarked." Jiraiya said as he tossed the book towards Shikamaru, the closes person. The jonins had already read the page about Naruto and when the younger members read it they had the same expression the adults did: complete and utter shock.


Name: Kodama (Fox Spirit) (Real Name Unknown)



Age: Unknown. Estimate Between 19 to 21



Gender: Male



Origin: Unknown



Shinobi Rank: Wandering-Nin



Caliber Rank: S



Known Alias: Kodama (Fox Spirit) and Akairo Senko (Red Flash)



Clan Affiliation: Possibly Uzumaki Clan



Known Elements: Futon, Katon, Suiton, Raiton, and a Fifth Unknown Element



Skill List:



Taijutsu: 5



Ninjutsu: 5



Genjutsu: 1



Intelligence: 4.5



Strength: 4.5



Speed: 5



Stamina: 5



Hand Seals: 4.5



Weapons: Multiple double-edge ninjato with no guard, and wields a unique sword. A katana made of red metal with a round black guard and black handle with red shaped diamonds.



Physical Description: Stands at about 5'5 and weighs 205 pounds. Face not visible but has short red spiky hair and tanned skin. Usually wears a long hooded black cloak with red stripes over it and a large red whirlpool on the back. Also wears a red kitsune mask with blue lines going over it.



Special Abilities: Is highly skilled in Ninjutsu, Fuinjutsu and Kenjutsu and can use Space-Time Ninjutsu similar to Konoha Kiiroi Senko's Technique. Also can create multiple Shadow Clones, Solid Chakra Shape Manipulation and has at Kage Level Chakra.



Known Family: Unknown



Additional Information: Helped the Kiri Rebels win the civil war. Killed Yagura the Yondaime Mizukage and the Sanbi Jinchuuriki. Also killed Gari of Iwagakure's Explosion Corps, former members of the Seven Swordsmen of the Mist Kushimaru Kuriarare and Jinpachi Munashi, wiped out Kumogakure Kinkaku Force and defeated the Nibi Jinchuriki Yugito Nii of Kumogakure and the Gobi Jinchuuriki Han of Iwagakure.



ADVISE: Genin and Chunin-level shinobi should flee on sight and Jonin-level shinobi should approach with caution.



Bounty:



75 Million Ryo: Dead or Alive: Iwagakure



75 Million Ryo: Alive: Otogakure



80 Million Ryo: Dead or Alive: Kumogakure


"Holy shit…" Sasuke murmured the shared thought the other Rookie 12 had.

"We've also have additional information that Naruto has assisted several other villages and nations over the years, the most prominent being Hoshigakure along with Bird Country, Vegetable Country, Demon Country and Moon Country. These actions while gaining him fame within those countries, have also earned him the ire of several underworld forces. And now the kid has a large bounty on his head in the black market, hell it's higher then Chiriku, a fellow former Guardian Twelve, and mine combined." Asuma told the group after they got out of their shock.

"I know that you're all shock and they're probably a lot of you not believing what you just saw." Jiraiya said the last part giving a sharp look at Kiba, who was about to speak, to stay quiet. "But it's the truth Naruto is now a powerful shinobi and can probably take on a Kage without much trouble if defeating Yagura is anything to go by. This also shows that we need to be at our best and fully prepared when we go after him."

"If I may Jiraiya-sama." Shino said with his usual monotone voice. "But after hearing about Naruto's life here, combined with what we just learned regarding his current level of power as well as his relationships with various countries, is it really wise for us to try and bring him back to the village? To me this would not just be illogical but suicidal for both the village and us. If Naruto is really at the level you say he is, then it will be near impossible for us to bring him back. And even if we somehow did we would not escape unscathed and it's most likely that these various villages and nations will take the forced capture of their hero…most unwell." The Aburame finished.

Kiba scoffed. "Come on Shino you make it sound like the dobe doesn't want to come back?"

"I believe that is what I was saying." Shino replied calmly. "After all that has happened to him in this village when he was growing up, with the banishment being the final nail on the coffin, do you believe Naruto would want to return? I do not and I don't think it's just his skill level that has changed over the years and he won't take our attempts of bringing him back to his personal hell kindly."

"Shino brings up several good points." Jiraiya commented. Once everyone's attention was on him again did the Toad Sage continued. "And Tsunade-hime and I have taken them all into consideration but there are also other variables we have too look into. One of them is a mercenary organization called Akatsuki. All of the members are S-rank missing-nins in their own rights, two of the members being Kisame Hoshigaki, a former member of the Seven Swordsmen of Kirigakure and his partner, Itachi Uchiha" Sasuke winced at his brother's name. "And my former teammate Orochimaru used to be a member. That shows how powerful this group is…and they're targeting jinchuuriki, people like Naruto with a bijuu in them. Why we don't know but whatever it is it's not good."

"If they're targeting Naruto then they're probably going after jinchuuriki from other villages." Neji commented.

"Which brings us to another reason why we need bring Naruto back." Jiraiya said. "In popular cases, even in Konoha, jinchuuriki are seen as nothing more then weapons to be used in times of war. If a village loses their weapon then they'll try other ways to still appear strong. One such case is capturing another jinchuuriki and one that isn't affiliated to a village is a primary target. So far Kiri still has the Rokubi with the Sanbi still out in the wild, though my network tells me that Akatsuki got it. Taki and Suna have the Nanabi and Ichibi respectively while Iwa has the Gobi in their village with the Yonbi wandering around. And Kumo has the Hachibi and Nibi, though recent rumors suggest that the Nibi Jinchuuriki has gone missing. If these villages begin to feel vulnerable then they'll definitely target Naruto. Bringing Naruto back to the village is for his own good."

"Yeah but this sounds more then just about protecting Naruto from Akatsuki but also to keep the balance of power between villages in check." Tenten summarized, feeling a little disgusted with that piece of info.

"Pretty much" Jiraiya said solemnly. He also noticed the upset looks on the younger shinobi's faces. "Hey! I don't like it anymore then you do but in the long run it's for the best. Tsunade-hime already has a way of keeping Naruto safe from the hands of bounty hunters, Akatsuki and anyone that would use him as a weapon. This will also be classified between everyone here, the other members of the retrieval team, Tsunade-hime and the Shinobi Council. Any leakage of the mission will be dealt with extreme prejudice." Jiraiya said the last part hard with a bit of killing intent leaking out.

Everyone nodded in understanding before someone decided to change the subject…the person being Sakura. "Jiraiya-sama in the book it mentioned that Naruto had a fifth unknown element. Would you know what it would be?" She asked.

Jiraiya gave a shared look to Kakashi, something that didn't go unnoticed by the others. "I believed that Tsunade-hime should be saying this but since she isn't here-"

"That's why I came." Said woman said as she suddenly appeared in the field beside her former teammate. Seeing the questioning looks she got Tsunade replied, "I felt like I should come seeing how it had to do with family."

"Family?" Ino asked confused.

Tsunade let out a tired sigh before speaking. "Who here has heard of the Uzumaki clan?" She asked the group.

That caught the younger members by surprise. "Uzumaki clan? Are you saying Naruto is part of a clan?" Choji asked.

"They must've not been pretty important if they weren't mentioned in the academy." Kiba commented but flinched at the death glare he got from his Hokage.

"For you're information Kiba, my grandmother and wife of the Shodaime Hokage was an Uzumaki! Making me a quarter-Uzumaki!" She yelled, feeling very offended by the comment from the Inuzuka. "The next person to say something bad about them will end up the same as Jiraiya when he does something perverted in front of me!"

Total silence reigned in shortly afterwards.

"Good anyway regarding to why they weren't mentioned in the academy's curriculum is due to some other forces" Tsuande said before whispering to herself about 'damn elders' and other things before continuing. "But it will be dealt with in later time. The fact about the Uzumaki clan is that they were the cousin clan of the Senju clan and in a way to the Uchiha clan due to distant origin of the three clans but that also is for another time. The clan lived in the now abandoned, and may I add cut off, island called the Land of Whirlpools where they lived in the village called Uzushio. They were famous for their long lives, incredible stamina and most of all their mastery in the arts of sealing and their bloodline of solid chakra shape manipulation. Their village was destroyed during the Third Shinobi War with the members scattered across the continent. The members were also known for their red hair…"

"Well that explains why Naruto changed his hair to red, probably to honor his clan. And those solid chakra chains of his." Sasuke added offhandedly. "But what does that got to do with this fifth element of his?"

"I was getting to that." Tsunade replied. "Amongst the clan there was a member, a man, that stood out of all of them. He lived during the time of my grandfather and granduncle. The person's name was Sadahiko Uzumaki and he was said to be even more powerful then my grandfather and Madara Uchiha combined."

That caused everyone, minus Tsunade and Jiraiya, to form faces of shock all over them. Hashirama Senju, the Shodaime Hokage, and Madara Uchiha were men that were in levels beyond even the shinobi of today. Hell a battle between the two was so great that it created a valley. To hear that there was a person who was stronger then the two combined was not just shocking but also scary too.

Tsunade seemed to have figured what they were thinking. "I know it's shocking but apparently its true. The reason I know is because Sadahiko was my grandmother's older brother, hence my other granduncle. And like my grandfather Sadahiko was also born with an elemental bloodline unique only too him, one far greater then even Mokuton: Onmyoton."

"Onmyoton?" Lee asked.

"It's the only chakra nature that isn't an actual element." Jiraiya said this time. "In fact all non-elemental techniques utilize it. A lot of clan techniques also use Onmyoton, two prime examples being the Nara Clan and the Akimichi Clan."

"I'm getting the troublesome feeling that there is a difference between that and what this Sadahiko guy used." Shikamaru said.

"There is indeed a difference." Jiraiya said, confirming Shikamaru's theory. "Sadahiko's Onmyoton bloodline is unlimited, the word being the correct choice to describe it."

"U-unlimited? What does that mean?" Hinata asked.

"Well let's use the shadow techniques that the Nara clan uses as an example. Even though I said that it uses Onmyoton, it's still bound to techniques involving the Nara's shadow." Jiraiya said. "However Sadahiko could create anything out of anything or nothing, such as structures, forms of energy, weapons and even techniques combining elements such as fire and lightning." He explained.

"I even heard from Mito-obaasama that Sadahiko could create his own unique bunshin (Clone) using Onmyoton chakra. It was a lot stronger then shadow clones since it wouldn't dispel upon impact and was almost like a living being." Tsunade added.

The explanation left a silent stunned group of listeners. They couldn't believe that such a thing existed. Something like that went beyond the realm of humans…it went into borderline godhood. And Naruto of all people had that ability, combined with his tenant's chakra and who knows what else he acquired over the years, that was a very formidable force to be reckoned with.

"I just have one question?" Sasuke asked, breaking the silence. "How is it that Naruto possesses the bloodline? While I understand that they're both from the same clan that wouldn't mean he inherit the Onmyoton bloodline. The ability to create solid chakra structures yes but not Onmyoton."

"The reason is very simple." Tsunade replied. "Though Sadahiko was my granduncle from my grandmother's side, Sadahiko is Naruto's great-grandfather from his mother's side."

Again everyone was shocked by this new piece of information, except this time Kakashi wasn't though he did seem surprised about Naruto and Sadahiko's connection part and not the mother part.

"Wait Naruto's mom was an Uzumaki? What was she doing here in Konoha?" Tenten asked.

Tsunade and Jiraiya glanced at one another, a silent conversation going between the two. It was about a minute until Tsunade spoke again. "What I'm about to tell you all is a secret greater than even Naruto's jinchuuriki status, though that wasn't a very well kept secret anyway. Either way this cannot be told to anyone else under the punishment of death though in due time depending on the outcome of this mission I will release this information so listen up…"

While this was happening, none of the people gathered there noticed two black dots sticking out from a rock watching them before disappearing.


(Land of Sound, Orochimaru's Hideout)


"Sssooo the Kyuubi brat still lives eh?" The Snake Sannin Orochimaru said to his right hand man Kabuto Yakushi. Orochimaru had just recently learned about Naruto's status for quite awhile actually, four years ago really. But at the time Orochimaru only knew him under his alias as Kodama. It was really only a few weeks ago when Orochimaru discovered that the mysterious wandering-nin was really the banished Konoha genin.

"I admit I was surprised myself when I learned of it." Kabuto said to his master. "But there is no mistake when looking at the photo we acquired, minus the change of hair color, it most certainly is Naruto-kun." He finished while pushing up his glasses. "Though it is shocking of how far he's come from the dead last he was six years ago."

"That's true indeed especially if he could escape a confrontation with someone like Kakashi uninjured. And according to recent reports he managed to kill my former partner Sasori while saving the Godaime Kazekage, not an easy feat if I do say so myself." Orochimaru commented. "But what really interests me is his Onmyoton bloodline. Combined with his clan's longevity and solid chakra shape manipulation he could actually become the perfect next body." The Snake Sannin murmured.

Kabuto smirked. "Given up on Sasuke-kun Orochimaru-sama?" He asked teasingly.

Orochimaru chuckled. "Oh no I still have much interest in the sharingan but to be honest I originally had a great interest in Sadahiko Uzumaki's elemental bloodline, Onmyoton. The ability to create anything from nothing was only something that could be done by the Rikudou Sennin who possessed the dojutsu the Rinnegan. But like with Hashirama, it was not passed down to Sadahiko's children or grandchildren and since I didn't know of Naruto-kun's relations to him, I forgot about it and focused on acquiring the Mokuton and later on the Sharingan. If I could have both then I would be able to awaken an imperfect Rinnegan most likely and gain what I originally desired." Orochimaru said.

"Imperfect Rinnegan? What do you mean Orochimaru-sama? Wouldn't having the DNA of both the Senju Clan and Uchiha Clan allow you to awaken the Rinnegan?" Kabuto asked confusedly.

"Not exactly" Orochimaru replied. "You see I've discovered that the sage actually had three children, all sons The first and eldest son inherited the sage's eyes, large chakra and spiritual energy. The second and middle son inherited the sage's body, great life force and physical energy. And the youngest son inherited the sage's blood, enhanced instincts and mental energy." The Sannin explained. "Now the youngest is interesting because inheriting the sage's blood meant he also acquired his father's incredible stamina and life force, meaning long life."

Orochimaru's smirk grew when he saw the look of realization appear on Kabuto's face. "Yes while the eldest founded the Uchiha Clan, the middle founded the Senju Clan, the youngest was the ancestor and founder of the Uzumaki Clan. And while its possible to awaken the Rinnegan with the DNA of just two of those clans, you need all three to grasp the dojutsu's true power."

"I see" Kabuto murmured in understanding. "But does that mean you'll be targeting Naruto-kun then? Since he has the bloodline you originally desired." He asked.

"Perhaps…" Orochimaru replied while resting his head on his left fist. "Though with him being the Kyuubi jinchuuriki, acquiring his body will be difficult if not impossible, especially with Akatsuki still after him. But we can capture him and find someone else, an Uzumaki like Karin, to place the Kyuubi in, that would be good. I would have an excellent new body and a jinchuuriki too. And if we can capture Sasuke-kun as a bonus then that would work just as well." He said. "So for now we'll keep our ears open for any other signs of Naruto-kun before going after him. I have no doubt Konoha will be looking for him too."

"Of course Orochimaru-sama." Kabuto replied and then smirked. "And speaking of Uzumaki, I may have found a solution to the problem concerning your hands." He said before pulling out a Hanya shaped mask from behind him.


(Spring Country, Daimyo's Palace)


"So did everything go okay?" Koyuki asked Naruto after said man was once more wearing…more formal attires. The two were in one of the palace's lounges with the only other person being there were some of Koyuki's guards and little Kiko who was playing with some of Koyuki's old toys. She was sitting on the same couch as Naruto, so he could keep a close eye on his daughter.

"Pretty much" Naruto said as he picked up a block Kiko had dropped, giving it back to the girl. "There was a lot of damage done to the village but it could've been worse if not for Gaara."

"And what about Kazekage-dono?" The Spring Daimyo asked.

"He woke up by the time I got there and was immediately swarmed by his family. Temari and Matsuri were really the only ones scolding him for giving them a scare while Kankuro just watched on. Though Gakuto-chan and Kanna-chan cling onto him with no intention of letting go. Guess they were really scared…" Naruto mused.

"Uncle Gaara hurt?" Kiko asked as she looked up at her daddy worriedly.

Naruto gave her a gentle smile before rubbing the top of her red haired head comfortingly. "No Uncle Gaara is okay. But if it makes you feel better we can write him a get well card before we go tomorrow." He said kindly getting a wide grin from Kiko.

"So you're leaving…" Koyuki murmured a bit sadly.

Naruto smiled apologetically. "Yeah its not a good idea for us to stay in one place for so long. Especially now that both Konoha and Akatsuki know about me and while I know you can do the whole politics thing with Konoha, Akatsuki could care less about that."

Koyuki nodded somberly as Naruto turned his attention towards Kiko. The little girl had taken on a tired look and Naruto believed it was time for bed, despite her complaints. However the father and daughter pair soon headed for bed, after a quick goodnight to Koyuki, with Kiko resting her head on her father's right shoulder.

She was soon changed into her yellow colored pajamas with pictures of fox kits on it. Currently was Kiko sleeping in her bed, clutching her fox toy close to her a content smile on her face. Naruto just stood above her, watching with kind eyes and a soft smile on his face. He leaned down and gave Kiko a soft kiss to the forehead before leaving the room.

As he walked down the hallway towards his room, which was close to Kiko's, Yujin suddenly emerged from the ground. Not even startled by the man's sudden appearance, Naruto asked, "So, how did it go?"

"It went well" Yujin replied as he pulled out two scrolls. "I managed to gain copies of multiple files from the ROOT archives...including some of his dealings with Orochimaru, along with locations of his bases. That Danzo brat isn't very good at keeping them secured very well." The thousand-year old being commented off-handily.

"Probably because he never expected for there to be someone like you Yujin." Naruto mused. "Anyway anything else to report?"

"Yes while I was coming back I stopped by Konoha's ANBU training ground. Turns out its being used by the team formed to retrieve you, which seems to consist of all your former classmates, plus team Gai, their sensei, your old Academy teacher, a female and male ANBU, the Tsunade's assistant and finally your former godfather. Apparently they managed to put two and two together with your Bingo Book profile." Yujin said before pausing in case Naruto was going to say something. When he didn't Yujin continued. "It's a good chance that Jiraiya will have his network keep a sharp eye out for any sightings of you."

"I see…" Naruto said after hearing all that. He turned his head towards the door that led to Kiko's room. "Our plans remain unchanged. We'll leave tomorrow and meet up with Sadahiko-hijiji, it sounded like he had something important to talk about with me. Also how are the repairs on
that
going?"

"Pretty good actually. I imagine that we can use it when we leave tomorrow though I want to stop somewhere to put in the final touches before using it for long terms." Yujin reported before changing the subject. "And what about this Konoha retrieval team?" Yujin asked. "I will standby you on whatever your decision is but the team consists of people you know. I know that you don't care about most of them but I have to ask, what will you do if you're force to confront them?"

Naruto was silent for a long time, his gaze never wavering away from his daughter's room. A thousand thoughts were going through his heads as Naruto thought about what he would do if he indeed ran into a confrontation with Konoha…and something told him he wouldn't be able to avoid it. Finally after a minute or two of contemplating the redhead finally spoke, his voice filled with seriousness. "If we do run into them…I will do what is necessary." He said before walking off towards his room with Yujin just watching on. Naruto entered his room a while a later and after removing his sandals, plopped into bed.

But he didn't go to sleep right away, instead he took out a book he had sealed in a scroll of his he left on the bedside table. The book had a white back and front cover and was in pretty good condition despite how old it really was. Naruto had found it a year ago and despite it being a poem book, it had somehow caught his interest. The title of the book was called 'LOVELESS'. Naruto soon began to read from the beginning, a warm smile on his face as he did so.


Prologue



When the war of the beasts brings about the world's end



The goddess descends from the sky



Wings of light and dark spread afar



She guides us to bliss, her gift everlasting



And there you go! Hoped you all liked the battle in the beginning and the techniques used! And what did you think about the explanation of Naruto and Sadahiko's bloodline? Also I don't know why I decided to put in LOVELESS but I thought it would be kind of interesting.



List of Fanon Techniques:



Kugan (Air Force):
The user focuses wind chakra into their hands. Then they strike the target with either a palm strike or punch as hard as they can and send a brief pulse of wind causing direct and internal damage to the target and send them flying too depending on the force of wind released.


Sukai (Skywalk):
An advanced form of tree walking and water walking but this time where the user walks on wind, making it look like their flying. The user must focus chakra into their feet and have exceptional control over it. People with high chakra/high wind affinity have better luck using this technique. Sometimes to start it off the user needs to jump, releasing chakra out from the bottom of their feet to initiate it.


Nensho Dangan (Combustion Bullet):
The user focuses fire chakra into their index finger and after a good deal of waiting, flicks the ball of fire that forms on the fingertip towards the target. When the ball hits the target, it explodes violently though how much chakra was put into it depends on the size of the explosion. Because of that the technique can be used repeatedly sometimes, similar to Kuki Yubi (Air Finger).


Onmyoton: Tenkyu Hoshiakari (Yin-Yang Release: Celestial Starlight):
The user forms the correct hand signs and then clenches their hands together into a fist. The hands then glow and fire dozens of small but powerful beams of chakra towards the target. The beams are very strong as they can destroy most things they come in contact, especially if used together.


Hasaki: Juso (Blade Edge: Dual Spear):
The user focuses yin-yang chakra into both their hands and then clap them together to look like the edge of a spear. Then when near the target, the user thrusts their hands forward and upon impact, releases the gathered chakra, creating a powerful shockwave that can cause massive damage to the target.


Onmyoton: Hitsu no Shuriken (Yin-Yang Release: Sun Star Shuriken):
The user creates a bright yellow star shaped disk in their hands, but with only four points then five. The user then throws the disk, causing it to spin rapidly to look like a round sun. The disk is very sharp as it can cut through nearly any type of material, due to it being combined with fire and wind elements by yin-yang chakra. After a while it then disperses.


Onmyoton: Haiiro Kabekyu no Jutsu (Yin-Yang Release: Grey Wall Sphere Technique):
A defensive technique in which the user surrounds themselves with a grey yet see through sphere. While the sphere is not very powerful in defending the user from powerful focused attacks, the sphere is actually meant to repel one or multiple attacks upon contact with it. This can either cause the attack to be repelled back to the sender or cause a quick moment of confusion for the user to attack.


Review!



Wacko12


>