


The director bursts into the Koei animating room drunk and stoned.



Whaaaat's up with these tiny TV's...? They'rre adddooorable...!



He plops himself in a desk and spends ten minutes just to turn on the computer.



..Come on...Don't be like my ex-girlfriend...There you go...Now porn...or...Fist of the North Star...



He clicks on a file.



WHOA! Sexy ladies! *drools* But they have clothes on...Let me fix that...



He presses random keys.



Nothing...



He clicks on a file that opened Zhuge Liang's and Sima Yi's DW appearances.



Hey...why is that guy wearing purple...? Is he Prince...? Oh, hey Chinese Jesus!



He then presses keys randomly before he slams his palm on the middle of the keyboard.

This causes the screen to flash uncontrollably and turns off.



Aww...no porn and Fist of the North Star...



His face slams down on the keyboard, snoring.



Next morning



The animator walks into the room with a cup of coffee.



*yawns* It reeks of of alcohol in here...



He walks over to his desk and sees the director's head on his keyboard.



What did he do this time?



He pours the hot liquid on him.



AHHHH! HOTHOTHOT! Why'd you do that?!



What are you doing here?



I swear I was back at my house...How did I get here?



The animator looks out the window.



Your car caved into the lobby...



Oh...So, what's up?



What did you do to my computer?



I was drunk and stoned out of my mind, how am I supposed to know what I did?



Ok, let me see what happened...



*CLICK*



...You were looking at Sima Yi and Zhuge Liang's appearances in DW?...That's weird...I expect you to look up pornography...Oh wait, you were looking at the DW women...



That's uncalled for...



..What...? This says "Released". Actually, all of them... No... you let the multiple versions of Sima Yi and Zhuge Liang out in the DW universe.



That's bad...?



There are six Zhuges walking around Shu, and five Simas walking around Wei. And...why does Zhuge Liang have that mark like on Ken and buff...? Sima Yi is pale-skinned and buff as well...This is really bad...



Okay, I was having a Hokuto no Ken phase.



You made two of the weakest characters in DW to buff up to the size of Lu Bu...



Wait, a Lu Bu versus Fist of the North Star Zhuge Liang and Sima Yi fight. We must do it! Record and post on YouTube! It will be a hit!



That doesn't seem sound too bad...Koei did make Fist of the North Star games, so I guess this will work. But how can we catch them?



How about catching them with Pokeballs?



They're not Pokemon...



We catch them and sell them on Ebay. They'll be worth a lot

...After we do the Lu Bu battle, of course.



These are people! What we can do is get into the DW universe and get them out ourselves.



But can't we just take them out using the computer?



It requires erasing some data in the DW universe.






So?



This will create glitches. We already got complaints about them, and I'm not making more updates.



Okay, but what do you think about Hokuto no Ken Sima Yi and Zhuge Liang?



Zhuge Liang I can imagine buff, but...Sima Yi...? Well, him being a powerhouse is just weird...I mean... Just look at him...He looks...feminine...I mean he wears purple out of all colors...



Hey! Purple is a manly color. The Third Street Saints wear purple.



Maybe Sima Yi carrying an AK-47 and wearing a purple suit may not look so bad on him.



I'll go make that!



No, Volition will sue us.



Done. Also in the DW universe.



What? Nah, he'll be more badass compared to his real form. Make one of Zhuge Liang while you're at it. He can be Mr. Sunshine. No, the General. Oh, wait, I'm making this worse!



I already put him in there.



More people to chase around. Yay...



How about a Jia Xiu if he were in Assassin's Creed?



No...That's an awful idea...



Or Zhao Yun in Uncharted?



That's even weirder...



DW women as if they were in Dead or Alive?



You're going too far...

Okay, let's go and find the clones.

The Zhuge Liangs are fine, but the Sima Yis, we have to get them before anyone connected to him gets to meet them.



Why?

They don't seem too bad.



They are extremely arrogant, have an ego the size of Russia and China combined, creepy as hell, and WILL do the evil laugh every twenty minutes. They'll have everyone around them kill themselves.



What about the Zhuge Liangs?



Phht, Shu could use seven Zhuges.



How about Fist of the North Star Zhuge Liang and Saints Row him?



They have firepower now. And the FNS one is still intelligent, so they'll use him. Getting the Sima Yis is more important because everyone in Jin are spanking new, so they they'll be confused as hell why there are multiple Sima Yis in funny clothes.



I wonder, will the wives like the other versions better?



Huh, never thought of that. But let's get going.


>