


Director and Animator are lying on the ground, rolling in pain after a little "injury."



Agh...It hurts...so much...



*cough*...Oh...I don't think...I can...get up...



Sima Yi is lying on the ground, in pain because of his "injury."



...I feel...so numb...



Sima Shi was bleeding from his eye, while Sima Zhao was lying there just because.



GET ME SOME BANDAGES OR SOMETHING!



*snoring*



OH NO! You are not sleeping while I'm bleeding!



He kicks him.



OW!



GET ME SOMETHING TO STOP THE BLEEDING!



Alright, alright.



He gets up, and walks off.



He's not coming back, is he?



Director gets up very slowly.



Ok, ok, ow! Ow! Ow, ow, steady...



Two golden objects roll down his legs.



AHH! My kintama!



..What?...



Two golden objects roll out of Animator's pant leg.



AAH! What are those?!



Your balls!



Why are they gold?!



"Golden balls" is slang for testicles! Look, Sima Yi's kintama are out too!



Kintama...?



Your balls!



Can we...even do this...? The whole beginning is just our balls coming off...



Screw the rating! I have to get them back on!



He gathers two golden balls.



This is not even...Let me get that...



That's mine! Ugh...this is disgusting! You just touched my...



Shut up! Just grab whatever's on the ground!



Animator gets the two golden balls on the ground.



How do we get them back on...?



Just stick them on!



He places the two golden balls down his pants.



They're not staying...Come on! Stay! There.



That easy?



Animator puts his golden balls down his pants.



Hey, they're on. I thought you had to stitch them on...



DO YOU WANT TO DO THAT?!



Well, no...



Hey, brother! I got the bandages!



Sima Zhao steps on a golden ball, crushing it.



What's that? It's all gooey...



GAAAAAAAAH!



Sima Yi rolls in pain and twitches when he stopped.



Oh...no...

Did he step on...?



Yep, he has one ball now. Tsk, tsk, he has every guy's nightmare.



Oh, nice. Gold.



Sima Zhao picks up another golden ball.



ZHAO! Put that down!



Hmm? Why?



That's your dad's...



Oh, really? Here.



Ugh...no...How about you put it your father?



Sima Zhao goes over and puts the golden ball on Sima Yi's chest. He then goes over to Shi to give him the bandages.



...How are we going to put it on him?



I'm not touching that...



Wait, we can ask his DW versions.



Can we just get Zhang Chunhua?



No, she'll make this worse. And I doubt she's doing it in front of us.



Female Sima Yi?



Why are you suggesting females?



Because it's more tolerable to watch. Look at him, he's in pain.



Sima Yi's face was frozen in pain and fear.



...I feel...really numb...It feels empty down...there...



Yeah, we might need to put it on quick.



We can get a ball from one of his DW versions.



DW7 Yi, they seem the right size.



Ok, DW7 Yi, and we'll going to punch him in the kintama.



Animator takes out a Pokeball and releases DW7 Yi.


Oh, it's me. Why is he in a state of fear and pain?


His ball got crushed by Zhao.


*snickers*...What...? *laughs*


It won't be funny when you have one ball.



Director kicks DW7 Sima Yi in his kintama.


AAAAAHHHH!


He falls to the ground, and two golden balls came out of his pant leg.



Well, there they are.



You're picking them up.



Why?!



You'd go both ways for Sima Yi, right?



Not to pick up his balls! And that was if he and I were drunk or if I want to experiment!



That'll happen...sure...Just pick them up.



Ugh...You owe me big time...



Director picks up one of the balls on the ground and the one on Sima Yi's chest.



Now what? Hurry up!



In his pants. Where they belong.



Ugh...Can't he do it himself?



He's in a state of shock now.



Censor this. Please!



Alright.



CENSORED



CENSORED



OH, GOD! WHY AM I DOING THIS?!



CENSORED



CENSORED



Director goes to puke elsewhere.



...Ugh...BLARGH...But I can see why he had ten children...ghhh...



You wear sunglasses, shouldn't it block some of your view?



Why are you so calm about this?



I have to stare at him and Zhuge Liang for a living. I have to animate every single inch of them. Certainly fangirls would LOVE my job, but it's really tiring. You should see Zhang Chunhua's animator, he was nosebleeding the ENTIRE time he was animating her. And Wang Yuanji's animator is female, so she is kinda offended when she sees the animator act pervy.



What about Lian Shi's?



Her's is a female. Of course, she feels offended when she had do her sometimes. Because of her...?



Boobs.



Well, yeah. But you did not have to yell that out. We have few females to animate for us, so that's why Zhang Chunhua doesn't have a female animator.



What about Dead or Alive?



Yeah...I met one of the animators for Xtreme Beach Volleyball...He was...interesting...I rather not get into it... Now, Sima Yi's kintama are back on. What about him?



He has one ball.



Okay, are we going to-



No, just crush the remaining ball.



That's just cruel.



This is past Sima Yi, we took care of present Sima Yi.



Wait, if we crush past Yi's kintama, won't that affect present Sima Yi?



Fine, I'll just put the one ball onto DW7 Yi. Censor this.



CENSORED



CENSORED



CENSORED



CENSORED



*sigh* It's done.



Director throws the Pokeball at the lying DW7 Sima Yi.



*eye twitch*...I can't believe...ugh...



Look on the bright side, you just did what thousands of fangirls want to do to Sima Yi.



Ugh...do they know he looks a little different historically than he looks now?



Three Kingdoms 2010 seems to almost accurately depict Sima Yi.



He looks old even when he's supposed to be twenty something! And paintings don't help! They just look like scribbles.



Sima Yi slowly gets up behind them.



...Ugh...



Oh, you're up. Feeling better?



I just hate Zhuge Liang more...



That was not even him.



WHOA! What happened here?!



They all turned to see Cao Cao.



Did you guys see that giant-ass thing blowing crap up?



You don't seem upset...



Because that was awesome! Sure, maybe Cao Pi got ran over...But this is certainly more interesting than watching nothing while sitting on a throne!



Cao Pi got ran over? Is he okay? (Do I want him to be okay?)



Eh, he's seen worse. Sima Yi? Why are you standing like that? You look like you've been kicked in the jewels.



...I...I'm just...hurt in a certain area...



Oh! You did get hit in the balls! I wish I were there to see that or be the one to do it!



I got it on tape.



Oh, let me see!



When did you...?



I took my phone out when I saw SR Zhuge Liang running by us.



You did not stop him?



Nope. It's a video too.



Cao Cao and Director watch the video of Sima Yi getting hit in his you-know-what.



Play it again!



Oh, this won't get old. His scream sounds so funny and slightly girly. *laughs*



I want to show this to my men.



NO YOU ARE NOT! Ow!



Come on, Yi, this is darn hilarious. I wonder if I can post this on YouTube.



Stop calling me Yi!



Director keeps on repeating the video.



*BAM* GAAAAH! *BAM* GAAAAH! *BAM* GAAAAH!



*laughs* I want to set this to dubstep...*laughs*



I hate you...



The feeling's mutual.



I should go, I have to take Cao Pi to Hua Tuo.



Cao Cao runs off.



Sima Yi, you need to head over to Hua Tuo as well.



No...



Oh, yeah, he might chop your kintama off. (Again.)



I'll go back to bed...



Oh, what happened to Zhang Chunhua? I mean, you were at the bottom...then she was middle and then female you was top. That's just sad...



Sad indeed...Your wife and female you still top you even though you are capable in picking them up. Surprisingly, they are able to hold you down, despite being lighter than you.



What do you want me to do? Hit them?



I'm not saying to hit them. But if it floats your boat...



I'm some monster!



(You've executed people...But compared to Dong Zhou and Sun Hao...You are like a tiny dog compared to them elephants in evil historically.)



Or...you can force your way up top.



*blushing* Well, I can't really do that...(I tried doing that a LOONG time ago...But that woman seriously does not want me on top of her!)



Cut the tsundere act! That's mostly for young women! It's cute when Yuanji does it, but for you, it's creepy!



*blushing more* I don't know why I keep on blushing! You people keep on putting this act on me! And how is it creepy?



Yeah...a grown married man with children acting like a shy high schooler confessing to his childhood crush is TOTALLY NOT creepy at all...But I suppose you look like you've just graduated from college, so they let that pass...



Sima Yi's tsundere personality is basically in every romance manga and anime. And those Asian dramas. But he's waaay past that "having a crush" stage.



Are you suggesting something?



Yes, get a sex change. You're better off a woman.



Sima Yi steps on Director's foot.



AHH! Why'd you do that?



You know what you said.



Gee, touchy much?



We should go...



Let me ask you: What would happen if Zhang Chunhua were a guy instead?



That would be...weird...But clearly she/he is going to pummel Sima Yi still. Why did you ask?



Just because. Wouldn't she look like Zhao also?



Huh, so basically Sima Yi is married to female Sima Zhao?



What weird ideas are you two getting?!



Well, if you put it this way: Zhao clearly got his genetics from his mother. And they look very similar. Zhao is basically what Chunhua would look like if she were male.



That's the first time I actually heard you say something that makes total sense. Someone paid attention in science class.



Now we have explained this. And I want to try it.



Director takes out his phone.



What are you doing now?



Just doing an experiment.



*BLOOP*



A light appears in front of them and out walks a tall and fit man in purple lacey robes.



What did you do?



Experiment.



Wait, that guy looks familiar...



Animator pauses, then his eyes widen.



YOU ACTUALLY MADE ZHANG CHUNHUA INTO A MAN?



Yeah, why not? We needed to extend this chapter anyway.



Sima Yi was staring at the male Zhang Chunhua.



...Uh...This is...?



Yep, turns out she/he would be more muscular than you. That's even sadder...And she/he makes purple look better than you.



Whoa...she/he looks like Zhao...A lot...



How about releasing female Sima Yi and see what happens?



Director throws a Pokeball, and female Sima Yi appears.


What is it now? Oh, who's this? He looks like that woman I had fun with.


Your husband, or wife...? Husband wife?



Sima Zhao and Sima Shi walk up to Director.



*whispers* Who's he? And she?



Your parents.



But isn't Father over there? Who's the woman?



Your dad as a woman.



Sima Zhao falls down laughing.



HAHAHAHA! Really? HAHA!



..You're simply joking...Aren't you?...



Nope, and that guy is your mom as a guy.



...I...He...looks like Zhao...



Where do you think Sima Zhao gets his face from?



But...Mother...as a man...? That is slightly logical based on our current situation in the family...



Now all we need is Zhang Chunhua walking out here. And where is she? Still "napping"? Is she really that tired?



It has been rather too long...I shall go and see if she needs something.



Sima Yi walks away, slightly limping.



Well, let's see what this will take us.



They seem to be rather...friendly...Too friendly...I should get the censor card ready.



What's happening?



Sima Zhao gets up.



I bet one thing: They will have sex.



Gee, thanks, Captain Obvious. But I suggest you two cover your eyes or leave.



Will do.



Sima Shi walks away quickly.



Zhao? Are you coming?



I'm just looking...It's just so weird...Mother really looks like me when she's a guy. It's scary...



Hurry unless you want your eyes to bleed.



Sima Zhao runs after Sima Shi.



So, what's going on? I want a better look.



Director goes slightly closer and closer to the conversation.


So, you are my husband? You are a nice piece of beefcake.

Hmm...Nice ass. Want to have sex?

Not a bad idea. Where do you want to go?

Here.


CENSORED



*tearing noises, moaning*



CENSORED



CENSORED



CENSORED



Director and Animator had blood flowing from their noses like a waterfall.



Whoa...this is hot and weird at the same time...



...I'm...really confused...



Man, gender-swapping makes the characters slutty and horny as hell. But I'm not complaining...



We really need to change the rating if there are that many sexual references here...



Screw that...We placed enough censoring...



Sima Yi comes back with Zhang Chunhua walking beside him. They stop and see the obscene actions being done in front of them.



I left for a little bit...And they are already on each other faster than fire on dried grass.



*unamused expression*...I'm going back...



I just got you up! I didn't know those two were going to hump each other faster than two cats in heat!



(Nice analogies..)Oh, heey. I see your wife's up. She looks...untidy...I can tell she didn't bother fixing her hair and just put on sleeping robes when she went out.



Director braces himself.



Hmm? I swear she's going to throw something at me.



Of course I'm not going to hit you. Why do you think that?



Nothing...So, how's the sex?



He gets a rock to the face.



I prefer not to reveal any details on my experience.



See? You were gonna hit me!



That's because you simply threw a very private question at her so quickly.



...Who are the people doing very obscene things on our property...?



It's a loooong story...



No, I'm sure you can explain it pretty fast.



Umm...Sima Yi, how about you explain it?



I have no idea what is going on other than the fact two people are having intercourse in broad daylight!



*sigh* How can I explain it? That guy is you. That woman, I'm sure you remember, is a female Sima Yi.



Zhang Chunhua just stared at Animator in an unamused expression.



*blinks*...I'm pretty sure that's Zhao...And that woman I remember.



Oh, no, that's you. Look at the him. He has your hair, just kinda more spikey and messy.



No, that can't be me...



Oh, yeah? Let me get that guy.



Animator goes over to the male Zhang Chunhua.



Hey, Ms. F***s-a-lot, get dressed. Your play time's over.


Aww...You jealous? I can make room for you.


Ugh...no...(I'm never doing Sima Yi. Even if he were a female. He's just...no...Just no.)


Give us a minute.


No, I'm pretty sure you don't have a minute. Both of you get dressed. You are embarrassing the people you are based on.


*sigh* Fine.

I see that woman and her husband. Back for round two?


I don't think so.



The gender-swapped people get dressed. Animator walks the male Zhang Chunhua over to Zhang Chunhua herself.



Here. Look at him.



He's looks like Zhao.



And where does he get it? You. He's even wearing a robe form of your dress.


Yo, nice legs. What time do they open? OOF!


He gets a fist to his abdomen by Zhang Chunhua.



I'm sure this is just Zhao going through a phase...I don't even talk like that.



That's because his personality has been warped. (I don't know what happened during the processing. I should ask him...)



Animator turns to Director.



Hey! Why are they very different from the original?



Oh, I don't know. Maybe a glitch. Now if you excuse me, I'm going to tap that ass.



It's Sima Yi...



I'd do him if he were a female.



He walks towards female Sima Yi.



Ok...



I still don't think this is me.



Ask him something only you would know.


This lady is married to that guy.


Everyone knows that. Something else.


Umm...She had a pet dog that died when she was thirteen.


That's...rather random...but too common.



I didn't even have a dog when I was younger.



He's not that bright either...


Hey, I'm trying my best here! Ok, hmm...ah! Her husband has a fetish. He has a thing with being hit.


*blushing*Now how can you think that about me?



Your weapon is a whip.



It's not a whip! It's a fly swatter.



That's a whisk. Yours is a whip. Either way, you look like a masochist.



I don't take pleasure from being abused!



People who deny are what they are denying.



You can't prove it.



Your wife can verify.



Oh, what makes you think she knows?



Your wife's a sadist. Yes, I just went there.



What makes you think I like to hurt people?



You have those (bondage) wired claws, capable of tying people up or cutting them, we see you hitting your husband, and not to mention that maid that died. These are the makings of a psychopath, and psychopaths have been known to be sadists. And Sima Yi displays antisocial feelings and laughs when someone is in pain or being killed. He is also a possible psychopath. Now the possible chance of your children being psychopaths is really high.



...



...



Hey, don't turn this into Dr. Phil! And also, Sima Gan! (He was crazy, nuff said.)



(Huh, that's right.)You're hitting on female Sima Yi, so shut up.



No, I give up. She's really making it hard for me. I got her back in the Pokeball too. So, Sima Yi likes to be hit?



Director punches Sima Yi.



Ow! Not by you!



So, you're saying you like to be hit by females?



I..I...No!



Not that surprising...


Uh...do I still have to say anymore?


Yes, knowing a person's fetish does not prove anything. You need to dig deeper.


Ok, um...the guy hates his dad.


How come you know more about Sima Yi than the woman you're based off of?


She once accidentally called her husband "brother."


What..?


I'm not lying. I have her memories. During the first few years of her marriage, she has accidentally called this guy "brother" or "father."


*blushing* That was really a weird phase...I felt older when she would call me that...



*blushing* I was trying to get used to him. But since I was a young girl, I tend to think of older men being my siblings. I might have thought of him being my brother or my father more than my husband.



Isn't that kinda incestuous?



No, they don't even share the same blood! But it is awkward to call your husband "father." Especially if your husband is old enough to be your father or brother. But now can you see this guy is you?



Yes...*sigh* Unfortunately...


Hey! I could reveal more embarrassing things about your early life!


Ooh, tell me!



Director gets a rock to the face.



Ow...Fine, tell me about Sima Yi. Since you have Chunhua's memories.


That guy had more of a father-daughter relationship with this lady. Well, until she hit nineteen. That's when the relationship became more husband and wife.


Oh, that's interesting.


That guy had to change the diapers of his younger brothers.


Well, that's obvious. Anyone with that many younger siblings will have to do that. And why do you have that?


She had kicked this guy in the you-know-what when she was younger.


Oh-ho-ho! That's awesome! He still got his ass kicked when his wife was still a little girl!



*sweat drop* He scared me. He just opened the door, and yelled out. I assumed he was an intruder.



I'm surprised he is still able to reproduce. After all the times we abused him.



Why does he get the abuse though?



Because he's hilarious when you give him a kick to the crotch. When he acts out-of-character, it's also funny. But his future children will suffer from the constant hernia. GAH!



Sima Yi gives him a kick to the kintama. He falls to the ground.



AAAHHH!



Funny now?


Ooh...That looks painful...


Two golden objects fall out of Director's pant leg.



Oh...your kintama's showing...


Oh my god! His balls fell off!


Hurry! Put them back on!



Director gets up and picks up his kintama.



...What in the world are those things...?



You just made my testicles fall off!



...They can fall off...? That's...utter nonsense...



Whatever.



Director puts his kintama back where they belong.



Ow, ow, ow...You really kick hard...



Men...



Zhang Chunhua walks away from the group. Her male version follows her.



No.


Well, at least it's worth a try.


He walks back.



...(I'm starting to think being a woman was best for me...Clearly if I were male, I would have been
that.)




Ow, ow, ow...



Stop whining.



You got hit once, while I have been hit twice.



Sima Yi got about three. He wins. Or loses...



Are you two finished with your silly games?



What are you going to do? We don't even see you do paperwork.



Hmm...it's hard to pass time here...



Want a DS? Or a Vita?



What? No, I don't want your devices.



Well, I give up.



Director takes out his phone, and presses a few buttons. The male Zhang Chunhua disappears.



*sigh* What can we do now? We have lots of space left.



Well, the whole place is still trashed...



Oh, yeah.



*BLOOP*



Everything is fixed.



Well, we have the clones here...Ah, making Yi go insane.



What?



Director releases DW1, DW2, DW3, DW4, DW5, DW6, and DW7 Zhuge Liang.



...What? Why are there multiple Zhuge Liangs?



Feeling the insanity yet?



No...makes me want to punch them though...



Oh, I have another idea!



Director releases DW2, DW4, DW6, and DW7 Sima Yi.



Oh, yeah...DW3 and DW5 died. Now fight!



DW1 Zhuge Liang punches Sima Yi.



OW! Why are you all blocky?



*BAM*



OW! Is he mentally ill?



Yes. He can't understand language for some reason.



*BAM*



Go punch another me!



*BAM*



Grr...



The screen turns into a 2D fighter platform.



What the-?



*BAM* *BAM* *BAM*



Sima Yi's health bar depletes every punch.



Why do I have a health bar?!



*BAM* *BAM*



GAH!



Sima Yi's health hits zero and he falls unconscious. DW1 Liang poses in victory.



Heh, that's funny.



It's utter chaos now...



The whole area had those cartoonish clouds with versions of Sima Yi and Zhuge Liang beating each other.



Can I leave it like this?



No, we are going to have to bring them back.



*sigh*Fine...



*30 minutes later*



Everyone in the area was knocked out and lying there.



Wow...



Look over there.



DW6 Sima Yi and DW6 Zhuge Liang were on a 2D platform. Both are covered in blood and Zhuge Liang is acting dizzy.



Why do are they bloody?



Oh, oh! I know what's going to happen!



FINISH HIM!



DW6 Sima Yi goes up to Zhuge Liang, sticks his hand through his stomach, and rips it out.



Whoa! Are you going to censor?



Nope. I love Mortal Kombat.



DW6 Sima Yi throws the organ away, and then wraps DW6 Zhuge Liang completely in wires. He spins it around, then pulls the wires off. DW6 Zhuge Liang turns into sliced up flesh and blood.



Now do we change this to M?



Nah...Too lazy...



Man, that would awesome if Dynasty Warriors had a gore and blood option.



But certain weapons will be weird to make people bleed. Like a fan?



Yeah, but Lu Bu will be so badass when all that blood splatters all over him. Just, WOW! I'd play as him every time!



Hmm...We should get these guys back.



They both throw the Pokeballs at the lying versions.



Well, Sima Yi's still unconscious.



I want to draw on him.



Director takes out a marker, and draws a moustache on Sima Yi.



Now we can go.



They walk away from the area.



*10 minutes later*



Sima Yi wakes up.



Ugh...Why is there blood there? Eww...someone has been sliced up to the point of no recognition.



He walks to a pond. He sees his face has the marker moustache.



...Grr...Him...



Koei animating room



Well, that was something.



No, wait! I forgot to pit FNS Zhuge Liang against Lu Bu!



Can you just program him to do it against Lu Bu?



It won't be as interesting...



Director turns the computer on.



Hmm? Lu Bu is unavailable at this time.



He got blown up by Apocafists, remember?



Oh, yeah, that's right. Aww...we can't do it now. It takes a while for these guys to respawn.



Well, now what do we do?



I'm trying to come up with a way to end this. With an omake?



We're not anime.



Grr...so frustrating...



Can we just end it here?



Then people would be disappointed. Uh...here's Cao Pi falling down stairs.



How did you even..?



The scene changes with Cao Pi getting pushed down the palace's stairs by the director. Then it switches back.



Do you have a thing against Cao Pi?



Yes, he's too...Cao Pi...



That's doesn't make any sense!



I guess that's not enough. Here's Gan Ning, Ling Tong, and Lu Meng doing Gangnam Style.



How did you get these?



Having Koei's files helps.



The scene changes again with Gan Ning, Ling Tong, and Lu Meng doing the dance. Then switches back.



Nah, Ma Chao and Ma Dai seem to make more sense.



It switches to Ma Chao and Ma Dai dancing to Gangnam Style.



Okay! You can stop making silly videos with the DW characters!



You're right. I should show Cao Cao doing "Wrecking Ball." No, Zhou Yu! No, Liu Bei! Aww, so many! I'll start with Zhen Ji.



No, stop! Don't you dare roll that clip!



It still switches to Zhen Ji on a wrecking ball and hits a wall.



I caaame in like wrrreeeeckiiing baaaalll!



You're putting random nonsense!



This maybe a little old, but I'm putting it. Cao Cao as...THE BOSS. Wait, that's been overdone. How about someone else? Sima Yi or Cao Pi. Cao Pi, even though I despise him. Roll it!



The screen changes, having Sima Yi and Cao Pi walk in and sitting at a table.



Master Cao Pi, thanks for coming to this interview.



No problem.



So, you're in charge around here? That fair to say?



Absolutely, I'm the Boss.



Okay, then take us through the day of the Boss.



Well, the first thing I do is:



TALK TO THE EMPEROR



LIKE A BOSS



APPROVE SCROLLS



LIKE A BOSS



LEAD AN ARMY



LIKE A BOSS



REMEMBER BIRTHDAYS



LIKE A BOSS



DIRECT WORK FLOW



LIKE A BOSS



MY OWN BATHROOM



LIKE A BOSS



MICROMANAGE



LIKE A BOSS



PROMOTE POETRY



LIKE A BOSS



HIT ON ZHEN JI



LIKE A BOSS



GET REJECTED



LIKE A BOSS



SWALLOW SADNESS



LIKE A BOSS



SEND SOME PAPERS



LIKE A BOSS



CALL THE SEX LINE



LIKE A BOSS



CRY DEEPLY



LIKE A BOSS



DEMAND A REFUND



LIKE A BOSS



EAT A MEATBUN



LIKE A BOSS



HARASSMENT LAWSUIT



LIKE A BOSS



NO PROMOTION



LIKE A BOSS



HIT THE WINE



LIKE A BOSS



SHIT ON ZHEN JI'S DESK



LIKE A BOSS



BUY GUO HUAI'S CANNON



LIKE A BOSS



IN MY MOUTH



LIKE A BOSS



OH FUCK IT I CAN'T FUCKING DO IT SHIIIT



PUSSY OUT



LIKE A BOSS



PUKE ON ZHEN JI'S DESK



LIKE A BOSS



JUMP OUT THE WINDOW



LIKE A BOSS



SUCK A DUDE'S DICK



LIKE A BOSS



SCORE SOME OPIUM



LIKE A BOSS



CRASH MY HORSE



LIKE A BOSS



SUCK MY OWN DICK



LIKE A BOSS



EAT SOME CHICKEN STRIPS



LIKE A BOSS



CHOP MY BALLS OFF



LIKE A BOSS



BLACKOUT IN THE SEWER



LIKE A BOSS



MEET A GIANT FISH (It's Zhou Yu in a fish costume.)



LIKE A BOSS



FUCK HIS BRAINS OUT



LIKE A BOSS



TURN INTO A JET



LIKE A BOSS



BOMB SHU AND WU



LIKE A BOSS



CRASH INTO THE SUN



LIKE A BOSS



NOW I'M DEAD



LIKE A BOSS



Uh-huh, so that's an average day for you then?



No doubt.



You chop your balls off and die?



Heeell yeah.



And I think at one point there, you said about sucking your own dick?



Nope.



Actually, I'm pretty sure you did.



Nah, that ain't me.



Okay...This has been eye-opening for me.



I'm the boss.



Yeah, I know. I got that. You said that about 400 times.



I'm the boss.



Yeah, yeah, I got it.



I'm the boss.



Great, great, I heard ya, bye.



Sima Yi walks out of the room. Zhou Yu appears in front of the screen in his fish costume.



LIKE A BOSS



...What...? You just took a lot of space for this!



Yeah, and I like it. Okay, maybe one more. Harlem Shake with all the kingdoms!



NO! We're ending this!



Oh, it'll be funny!



Still no.



Come on! Just one more!



Not Harlem Shake.



Aww! Fine, we'll end this with an anime opening. BLEACH ending 23 Stay Beautiful. DW characters in modern clothing, we will go out with a bang!



We have multiple lawsuits on our hands. And that will be hard to write out.



Screw them! We just need to have to edit a lot. Roll it!



The sun shines, the camera pans down to show streets, and has Zhang Bao looking up.



Xing Cai is in summer clothing walking down a street with a jacket over her shoulder. Jiang Wei, Sun Quan, Ma Dai, and Zhong Hui are the people in the background.



Shot of Guan Yinping next to a microphone.



Huang Zhong in a tuxedo, sitting in a chair with Zhen Ji, Wang Yi, and Yue Ying behind him. Ding Feng, Wei Yan, Taishi Ci, Guan Yu, Zhang Fei, Dian Wei, Xu Huang, and Zhang He are in suits around him.



Then the screen changes to Han Dang yelling at Guan Suo, Yue Jin acting busy, Guan Ping on the phone and Wen Yang standing next to Sun Jian sweat dropping. Zhang Jiao is seen flying outside.



Cao Cao in sunglasses and fedora, Cao Pi holding headphones and giving the screen a smirk, and Sima Yi holding a notepad, removing his glasses. Zhang Liao is standing next to them.



Shot of Lian Shi next to microphone.



Sima Zhao at a table giving a unamused look to the screen, playing cards with Wang Yuanji pointing at him with a "you cheater!" look.



Sima Shi yelling and running after Xiao Qiao, Da Qiao, and Bao Sanniang taking miscellaneous food and meatbuns.



Gan Ning standing around in an alley with Ling Tong, Xu Chu, Lu Meng, Sun Ce, and Lu Xun.



Sun Shang Xiang arguing with Zhu Rong, with Cai Wenji sitting next to them, ignoring them. Zhang Chunhua is the bartender that looks at the screen.



Zhuge Dan in the rain, in a trenchcoat.



Shot of Diao Chan singing to the microphone.



Lu Bu punching Dong Zhou in a boxing ring.



Zhao Yun, Jia Xiu, and Li Dian on skateboards.



Meng Huo is holding dishes while Pang De, Xiahou Dun, and Ma Chao are eating barbarically. Yuan Shao just stares at his wine glass.



Guo Huai faints as he comes out of a limo, and he has Xiahou Yuan and Xiahou Ba catching him. Guo Jia walks down the red carpet with Wang Yi and Cai Wenji on either of his sides.



Zhang Chunhua is on a chair, holding a cup and saucer. With Zhuge Liang being the butler, and Wang Yuanji and Zhou Yu in maid outfits. Zhou Yu is not pleased.



Zhou Tai, Huang Gai, Lu Su, Deng Ai, Jia Chong, and Pang Tong are all standing around Guan Xing to wait for him to finish his move in billards.



It shows Zhang Bao, Xing Cai, Guan Yinping, Guan Xing, Lu Bu, and Zhao Yun in a group.



The next shot is Guan Yinping, Lian Shi, and Diao Chan dancing and singing while standing in front of spotlights.



Shots of Xing Cai, Guan Yinping, Guan Xing, Lu Bu and Zhao Yun. Then Zhang Bao does a smile, ending the ending.



What do you think?



Some people did not make it.



I had to reuse Zhang Chunhua, Wang Yi, Cai Wenji, and Wang Yuanji because I ran out of women to work with. And Xu Shu, Liu Shan, Cao Ren, and Liu Bei did not make it.



So, we're done?



Yes.



He turns to the screen.



Bye! *waves*



We apologize for any people that we couldn't include in the opening.



*whispers* Hey, shut it. I've already said bye.


>