


Disclaimer: I own none of the characters of Alvin and the chipmunks since they were created by Ross Bagdasarian Sr but is currently owned by his son/successor:
Ross Bagdasarian Jr. The only character I own so far is Alvin and Brittany's son: Alex, but I will update this whenever any other characters I made up come into the picture.





A/N: Hi, guys! I realized that I haven't created a fanfic based on Alvin and the chipmunks so here we are! Please feel free to review and I hope you enjoy this story as I hope this story is a unique one.






Without a voice.





The stage was set up, the crowd was screaming and jumping up and down on the same spot to show their excitement while chanting the band name that they waited for and they were awaiting for the band of three to show themselves on the moonlit stage.



"Chipmunks, chipmunks, chipmunks, chipmunks..."

The crowd enthusiastically chanted as they saw a spotlight shine upon the stage and this made them break into high pitched fan-girl screams as they waved their hands in the air as the announcer of the show's voice began to speak up and leave an echo after each and every sentence but it just fell to the deaf ears of the excited crowd as they were too excited for the world's most major rock stars to appear on the high raised platform that was the stage.

By the time the Chipmunks introduced themselves to the billions of fans that had gathered, the crowd's attention was already grasped back as Alvin, the leader, had climbed the thin metal pole of the microphone before speaking into the mic once he reached the top "Hi, our beloved fangirls!" Alvin exclaimed in the microphone and listened keenly as his own echo sounded just after he spoke.

Right now, Alvin and his brothers; Simon and Theodore, were adults and were much taller then when they were in their pre-teenage years and many had changed in the three.

Simon was still as tall and slender (not to mention smart) as ever but his glasses were slightly altered and he was slightly bushier in the tail than his brothers and he wore a navy blue trench coat with an azure blue T-shirt underneath aswell as have a chipmunk-sized Acoustic guitar strapped to his front via sash. Theodore was slightly chubbier and taller than he was a few years ago but his personality hadn't changed much at all. He was sporting a Shamrock green velvet jacket with his signature green vest. Alvin, kind of like Theodore, hadn't changed much in his personality but he had gotten a little more mature through the years since he had started dating his wife: Brittany. He wore as of right now, a shirt with a Peace sign embroidered on the stomach area (kind of like the one he wore on the night of the day the chipmunks and chipettes became allies).

Alvin's playful brown eyes brightened as soon as he saw the crowd crazily react to his high pitched voice and he decided to keep speaking with a fire in his rambunctious heart "Are ya ready for us to rock you're world?!" He spoke up again as this time he yelled into the mic and watched as the fan's in the audience gave almost ear-piercing screams and this made the three chipmunk adults wince a little. They never heard such high pitched screams like that since they found out the big news all those months ago.

Without further ado, Alvin leapt down from his firm grip on the microphone's pole and landed in a cool stance in front of his brothers before Simon brought out his acoustic guitar and he began to play as Alvin began to rap with great ease.

"Uh huh, yeah.
As I woke up this mornin' and looked in the mirror,
The message that I saw couldn't get any clearer.
The one conclusion of what defines me,
Is everything I am is a great thing to be."

Alvin sent a smile to his brothers who began to sing whilst they felt their musical talents kick into overdrive and they tapped their feet in the exact rhythm of the song they were singing.

"C-H-I-P-M-U-N-K
What's in a name?
Well, it's all we are,
Who we'll be,
You see, it's everything."

Theodore sang this verse as he bopped his head steadily to the song's catchy tune but he also felt this welcoming warmth enveloping him into a welcoming hug as he also clapped his paws to match the tapping movement of his foot. He spun once and then pointed towards Simon, signalling him to sing his verse as the stage actively begun to flash multiple colored lights in their wake.

"We got the rhythm,
Got the music in us.
It never really mattered what breed we are.
We're little, we're brown, we're different,
So here's a little ditty 'bout acceptance."

Simon (who had ceased playing his one instrument for the moment) sauntered towards the front of his brothers with his paws locked behind his back but he sung as he sung his heart out. His sapphire blue eyes locked on the cheering audience, whom wouldn't quiet down despite the fact that they were performing. Once Simon stopped walking, he continued to strum his acoustic guitar and allowed his brothers and himself to sing the chorus of the song.

"Whoever you are,
Wherever you live,
Whatever you look like,
Whatever it is.
The person you see
Is just asking
All of the good stuff
Ain't out, it's in."

The three brothers sang in perfect harmony as they engaged each other in a group hug as they swayed in time with the music whilst locked in this loving embrace. Simon even stopped playing his guitar again for this! The three brothers had become stronger as a band but also had become stronger as brothers and they cherished each moment that they were together with their wives.

Alvin spun away from his brothers group hug and stared the crowd down with a soft smile as he wildly began to rap with making paw gestures as he done his second verse.

"You know I heard that people who judge you don't matter,
And so I feel like those who love you won't chatter.
As long as I know you take me for me,
'Cause everything I am is a great thing to- !"

Alvin had to stop his rap because his attention was stolen when the youngest of the chipettes and Theodore's wife; Eleanor, burst from backstage and scampered on all fours towards the three brothers who had stopped singing and caused the crowd to be stunned with shock and surprise. Was this part of the show?!

"Ellie, sweetie!" Theodore yelled as he ran to his wife's side and gently held her shoulders to calm her as his wife's deep pants filled the atmosphere with quiet concern. Theodore stared at his breathless female doppelganger with soft, caring jade green eyes as Eleanor gradually calmed down enough to talk. The blonde furred, chubby chipmunk currently wore her 'hair' in a ponytail as she wore a bright green dress with a mint green, sleeveless cardigan with a button holding the cardigan that looked kind of resembled a mint chocolate chip cookie that symbolized her love for food.

"Br...Britt..." Eleanor managed to spit out tiredly as she put a paw to her racing heart in an attempt to calm herself. Alright, so it was clear that this was about Alvin's wife: Brittany, but what was the matter?...Unless...!

"Is it time, Elle?!" Alvin asked impatiently as he quickly grabbed the small chubby chipmunk by the shoulders, taking her embrace from Theodore, and began to shake her back and forth frantically. Eleanor nodded and within instants, Alvin jetted off the stage with Simon, Theodore and Eleanor in hot pursuit. Mere moments after the rock stars had gone, an awkward silence spreading among the crowd of fan's, a member of the audience spoke up and suggested "...So, wanna follow 'em?"


Alvin never ran so fast in all his life as he ignored everything else around him as he ran on the sidewalk away from the Arsenal center. You see, Alvin and his brothers (and the Chipettes) had been on a worldwide tour and they were currently on their 3rd stop: France. The skies were pitch black with not a star in the sky, the roads and sidewalks were wet from the recent heavy rainfall they had, the traffic lights were flashing and illuminating some of the roads along with some street lights, backup generators and the lights of the cars racing passed the 4 anthropomorphic chipmunks.

"Alvin, wait for us!" Theodore cried as he and Simon gave chase along with Eleanor as they gave the leader of the chipmunks hot pursuit as they raced after him but Alvin cried without heeding a word that his younger brother was saying "Sorry, Theo! Can't stop!"

Simon decided to stop and reason with his brother "Alvin, our tour bus broke down, we're far from where we need to be, We'll probably be too late by the time we get to the hospital anyway!"

Alvin stopped in his tracks and his eyes trailed down in deep thought as he thought of what Simon just told him. He hated to admit it but Simon was correct and they could not make it to the hospital like this on foot since their bus had broken down minutes after Eleanor rushed to the Arsenal de Metz.

Alvin turned to face his older brother with saddened eyes with his face showing an expression which broke the three other chipmunks' hearts: Defeat. Simon went wordlessly and brought Alvin in for a small hug. Even though the smartest of the group wasn't much of a hugger, he was still going to be there by his older brother's side and help him in anyway he could. Theodore asked "Is there anything we can do, Alvin?"

Alvin smiled faintly as he tussled Theodore's little thorn of hair that stood right in the middle of his head as he said "I don't think so, Theo..."

Eleanor watched this heart-tugging scene sadly as she found her heart giving out towards the three brothers but the moment was ruined when another car raced passed, skidded to a turn and made a large wave of a puddle splash on top of the Chipmunks and Eleanor, soaking them all to the bone and making all of them wince in disgust. "Ugh...That's unsanitary." Simon groaned as he wiped his damp paws on his now dripping wet trench coat in a futile attempt to dry himself off "I borrowed this suit too!"

An eerie silence loomed in the air as the three were still accepting that they wouldn't make it in time...It was then that a limousine had parked right outside the group of four and when the window winded down and revealed the driver to be a man seeming to be in his early 50's who was dressed in black as he poked his head out of the window to get a view of the chipmunks he was supposed to be picking up.

The party of four looked at the man curiously as they were still soaking wet and cold but the man driving the vehicle stared at the four poor souls and he asked with his posh voice coming out in every word he said "Are you the chipmunks?"

Theodore gave the man a look "Yeah, we are."

The man smiled at the sight and gave the four a hand gesture "Well get in, Someone by the name of 'David Seville' told me to pick you up and take you the hospital."

"Oh thank you, Dave!" Alvin exclaimed as he high tailed into the back of the car with Simon, Theodore and Eleanor following and when the car sped off, Alvin sat in his seat while staring out the window, ignoring everything that flew by as the car was racing away and there was a single thought on his mind. ONE single person who he held dear and she was his main reason to exist. "Brittney..."


Alvin breathed as he ran down the bland, white hallways of the hospital. He
hated
the unwelcoming vibes the hospital atmosphere sent through his spine and the way the many smells, emotions and sounds he felt with each chilling footstep he took. It didn't take long but as he, the driver, Simon. Theodore and Eleanor were making their last lengths down the halls, they heard nothing and this made a feeling of dread to sink in.

No screams of pain, no cries, not even a word of dialogue. This filled a feeling a horror within Alvin's mind as he tried to banish the worst thing possible to the back of his mind and without wanting to do anything else, he got down on all fours and ran towards the room where Brittany was most likely and pushed the door before anyone could hold him back and saw his mate laying in a giant bed with the light above her dim and she looked beyond exhausted but Brittany also had this look of worry in her sapphire blue eyes.

The still damp young adult chipmunk brushed his tussled clumps of 'hair' back and gave an almighty leap that made sure he landed perfectly on the foot of the bed. Alvin was fearful as he saw the exhausted Auburn furred Chipette lay there while she looked half asleep but she was still sort of awake but Alvin couldn't help but approach his wife and ask her in a small whisper "Psst...Britt, You okay?"

Brittany opened her eyes fully at the sound of her husband's voice and she saw how wet and tired he looked from running here. "Alvin, why are you wet?" She asked but Alvin just replied by shaking both his fur dry and her answer off and wandered over towards her before grasping hold of her sweaty paw. His eyes looked everywhere for something but he looked at her with a raised brow and asked "Where is-"

Brittany stroked her husband's damp paw "Don't worry, Alvin. The nurses are just cleaning him up." Alvin looked in her eyes. She was lying. But the more shocking fact remained as he choked out a gasp "I have a son?"

She nodded feebly but she and Alvin turned their heads at the sound of the door creaking open and saw the Doctor (the same one who helped Dave back at the Charity benefit thing) emerge and he walked into the room whilst clasping a small rag blanket which the two chipmunks assumed as their offspring. The doctor had this worried expression on his face as he entered and sat himself at the edge of the bed.

Brittany asked suddenly while clearly fighting back tears "Is...Is he...?"

The Doctor shook his head with a strangely soothing smile "No." He said "The child is very much alive." He laid the bundle down on his lap as he reached up to the collar of his lab coat and tugged on each fold gingerly "We are sorry if we caused any concern, madame and monsieur."

Brittany nodded her head feebly as she signaled the doctor to continue, which he did "Anyways, your son did not cry when he was born for one reason."

Alvin's eyes widened considerably. His son did not cry when he was born? Why was this? He was not only concerned now but he was actually finding his heart pounding inside his chest for answers. What the doctor said next seemed in slow motion to the new parents "You're child is mute."

Alvin and Brittany's mouthes hung open as soon as those words left the doctor's lips. What did the doctor mean by their son was a mute? That did mean he couldn't speak or something?

"Um, care to run this by us again?" Alvin asked as he tried to push that possibility out of his head. The two singing chipmunks were surprised when the doctor repeated what he said but this time, it had a bit more detail "We have no idea how it happened but..." He hesitated "...Ze little one's voice box got damaged either during or before delivery."

Brittany looked down and asked, this reality just sinking in "Does this mean that our baby will never speak let alone sing?"

The doctor nodded slowly. Alvin's face fell instantly. He always liked the idea of singing with his son whenever the little tyke grew older but now that wish will never come to be. But, he smiled when he realized something and looked at Brittany and wiped some of her tears away from her eyes with his thumb "Hey, Britt. At least our son's alive, right?"

Brittany nodded and wiped some of her own remaining tears away with her arm and sniffed when she realized that Alvin was right: So what their son couldn't speak? That doesn't mean that they would love him any less and nor will it change anything...It just means that they would have to learn to adapt to living life with someone who couldn't speak is all.

The doctor decided to break the silence and smiled at Alvin's positive attitude "So, would you like to meet your little boy?"

Alvin gave a nod as Brittany held her arms out for her baby. The French doctor happily obliged and handed the bundle to Brittany and lowered it into her loving arms and watched as the new mother adjusted her hold on the newly born chipmunk and she gasped when she got a look at her son for the very first time and more tears slid down her furry cheeks but not tears of sadness, tears of joy.

Alvin also got a look and smiled when he saw the head of a tiny Chipmunk pup. The pup had very short bristles of dark Auburn fur on its body and its eyes were fixed closed and his teeny nose twitched as he took small breaths. Alvin grinned as he saw his son gave a yawn but nothing came out, clearly confirming that he couldn't make a sound but the two parents wouldn't have it any other way as they faintly smiled at each other but then shared it with the newborn that snuggled in his mother's caring arms.

Soon, the others were allowed into the room and they all huddled around Alvin and Brittany to get a quick glance of the new addition of the Seville family while Dave, the adopted father to the Chipmunks, had stood by the door with his arms folded across his strong chest with the corners of his lips curled to form a smile. Never in all his years had Dave seen such a wonderful moment and he could have sworn that his eyes were watering because it made his heart melt so much. Even Ian and Zoe had come in to congratulate the new couple.

"So, our nephew can't speak?" Simon repeated what the doctor had said but still couldn't believe it. Alvin nodded firmly but said as he traced a finger along his son's head, causing his small ears to drop slightly "Yeah, but we ain't gonna love him any less then we do right now." The new father smiled widely as he joked "Who knows, maybe he'll grow up to be like his ol' man!"

"Oh dear, no! We don't need another Alvin!" Simon exclaimed as he grabbed his ears but was only half joking when he said that. It was true that Alvin's childhood years was a time everyone would like to forget but at the same time cherish but living those again wouldn't be a great thing. "He's just so cute!" Jeanette exclaimed but then she rested her head on Simon's shoulder with a shy smile "Isn't that right, honey?" Simon stuttered nervously as he tried to hide the fact that he was blushing. After getting over an awkward moment, Theodore decided to ask the big question "So, whats the kid's name?"

Alvin and Brittany looked at each other for a moment before nodding and Brittany replied "Well, we wanted a name for our son but Alvin only gave me a few options that would most likely give his ego a boost-" Alvin chuckled slyly as he winked at his brothers, Eleanor and Jeanette "Thanks. I try." Brittany rolled her eyes but she smiled all the same "-But we eventually decided on a name that should fit perfectly."

"...And that is?" Eleanor urged with a smile and Alvin took the pup into his own arms and kissed his forehead as he told everyone the name of his newborn son "Alexander 'David' Seville...Or Alex for short."

Everyone was happy that the child had this good name, especially Dave. Never had he been so honored, so blessed to have someone named after him, especially his own grandson. Alvin smiled at his adopted father as he passed Alex to Simon and jumped off the bed and once he landed on the floor, he ran to Dave's leg and hugged it tight. Dave smiled as he picked up Alvin and hugged him as he enjoyed the embrace he was having. "Thanks, Alvin." The man murmured softly in a low whisper and Alvin snuggled against Dave's shoulder and smiled with his eyes closing "No problem, Dave."

Simon cleared his throat to grab everyone's attention and once everyone was looking at the slender, tall chipmunk; He announced, but softly so he couldn't disturb his nephew whom was resting in his arms "Everybody, I would like to say something."

Theodore took Alex from Simon as if he knew what was going on and the dark brown, far sighted chipmunk clasped Jeanette's paw in his own and began nervously "J-Jeanette..." Simon took in deep breaths as he tried to calm himself and he got down on one knee "I...I know we've only been dating for 4 years. But I would like to..." Simon gave up speaking as he dug in his pocket and found a small box before he opened it to reveal a 5 carat, star-cut diamond ring that glittered despite the dim lights in the room "Jeanette, will you make this chipmunk the happiest being in the universe by becoming my wife?"

Jeanette gasped as she raised a paw to her mouth with her eyes watering. She had never expected this in all her years! She only had one answer for this query as she wrapped her arms around Simon's neck in rejoice "Oh, Simon! Of course I will become you're wife!" With that, Jeanette pressed her lips against Simon's in a passionate kiss as Theodore shielded Alex's already shut eyes. As Alex rested in his uncle's loving embrace with a small relaxed smile that held the faintest relief, everyone was oblivious to the fact that there was someone spying on this loving scene.

Outside, kneeling down just outside the window and watching the heart-wrenching scene, was a man who wore nothing but black and was looking at this through goggles to get a closer view and he spoke to his manager via walkie-talkie, the pouring rain drizzling down on his helmet and outfit "Sir, I have visual on the Chipmunks and Chipetes. The brains of the bunch just proposed and the leader is celebrating his firstborn's arrival." Another voice coming from the other line said smugly "Excellent."

"Should I get the newborn now or...?" The man started but the manager just replied "No. It is way too soon. Let us wait until the child is a bit older before we start taking our revenge." The man seemed reluctant in replying but nodded all the same "Yes, sir."

As Alvin and the chipmunks rejoiced this night, they had a feeling that everything was going to be fine...But little did they know how wrong they really were.



A/N: Thats the end of the prologue. What did you think? Well, I wanted this one to be eventful so I thought why not put this in? I know the name 'Alexander' for Alvin and Brittany's son was probably overused but I couldn't think of any better names. The song played at the beginning was: Acceptance by the chipmunks, done for their album: Undeniable.



It was actually Chris Classic who done the rapping and not Alvin but I thought it would be cool. Anyways, if you have any reviews then feel free to put them up.



This is kind of what I think happens a few years after 'Chip-wrecked.'



You might get a shock for the future chapters.



-Chloemcg


>