


Disclaimer: I own none of the characters of Alvin and the chipmunks since they were created by Ross Bagdasarian Sr but is currently owned by his son/successor:
Ross Bagdasarian Jr. The only character I own so far is Alvin and Brittany's son: Alex, his crush: Alesha and the villain of this story but I will update this whenever any other characters I made up come into the picture.




Without a voice.



Simon was just turning the spanner on a loose bolt of the toaster which he had spent two and a half hours fixing. He usually loved working in his workshop where many broken contraptions and household appliances laid in a line on the table, cuing for the tall chipmunk's attention.

"Hmmm...That goes here and this goes there..." Simon muttered under his breath.

The dark brown rodent hummed a small tune as he shook his bushy tail, his small yet flexible body being useful as he used his weasel-like tone to work on separate places of the device at one time. Simon loved working on his own when it came to machines since it helped him clear his head whenever he was feeling down about something.

He knew that his younger brother was due to be a father any day now and his sister-in-law had a few screws loose herself. He was worried about being a bad uncle to his second niece or nephew and wanted his family to have a great life. Dave had been going out frequently to either spend time with Claire, his fiance, or to go to the park and have a stroll as he didn't need to worry about his now grown up sons causing a riot.

Simon had been begging for his own workshop and he eventually got his wish whenever a shed right next door to the house they lived in had been discovered and the slender, brown furred Munk had been given premission to refurbish it into a place where he could work.

It was then that something had brought Simon's attention to his wife all of a sudden, his paws busy fumbling around to sort out the toaster he was currently repairing.

Jeanette had been really absent minded as of late.

Simon knew his wife well. Jeanette was this sweet, smart, adorably clumsy chipmunk who was always polite. Now she was silent, distracted and stayed in the master bedroom most of the time. He was worried, honestly, so this was why he was working; to clear his head enough so he could figure out what was bothering his sweet Jeanette.

Simon couldn't help but look at the door on occasion, fighting the overwhelming urge run to Jeanette's side as she always insisted that she was alright but he could tell that she was lying. Her behaviour bothered him to an extent of him deciding to take a break.

Eyeing a small, over-sized cloth covered in soot that laid on the table amongst the clutter of gadgets; Simon stopped what he was doing and leapt over to the table and picked up a small amount of the filthy rag cloth in his paw so he could wipe the imaginary sweat dampening his forehead.

It was a scientific fact that Chipmunks sweated through the palms of their paws and the bottom pads of their feet but for some reason, Simon felt himself soaking with sweat despite the fact that he knew he wasn't really sweating.

The dark furred literate chipmunk dropped the cloth and gave a double clap of his paws, thus making the lights turn off with the gentle hums of something powering down filling the singular room within the shed and all was dark and eerily silent moments later.

He wiped his paws against the azure trench coat he wore and dusted them off before he made his way towards the door. He had made some adjustments to the door so he could get around the house better as he descended from the shed since he deemed it necessary as he (nor his brothers, wife and sisters-in-laws) could get around the house easily due to their size.

Sauntering up the miniature stairs made for himself, Simon climbed up until he stood on a platform leading through a circular transparent hole in the door that acted as one of those hoops for some kind of circus animal to jump through. It wasn't
quite
like one of those but it worked the same way, though.

Simon jumped through the round opening of the door and landed perfectly on the carpet below, finishing his finely performed gymnastics with some backflips and a confident grin was stretching his lips into a smirk. He had learned some things from his alter ego, Simone, a different personally buried within who was so much like another Alvin.

Climbing to his haunches, the intellectual chipmunk gave his body a short shake about before he began to search for something to pacify his worry for Jeanette. He hummed a small little tune, his bushy tail swishing and flicking automatically, and he couldn't help but notice that out of the corner of his eye, he saw Theodore and Eleanor.

They both were snuggled up together on the couch, Ellie curled around Theo affectionately as the pregnant chipette snoozed softly and her mate securely held her in for a gentle hug as if to keep her assured that he would protect her with his life.

Simon was very proud of his brothers, especially Theodore. Even though the youngest chipmunk of the group had to mature someday, he had grown into his shoes. Even though he was sometimes cute and bubbly like he was all those years ago, he was still so sweet and loyal to his brothers even if he had developed a more tougher demeanour.

Curious, Simon decided to go and check on the couple of smaller, chubby chipmunks as he scampered across the floor. He figured that stooping down to all four paws and sprinting as fast as he could would be enough to get there faster. He could feel the floorboards beneath him 'creak' slightly under his small weight but he paid no heed to it.

When the intellectual Munk had reached the foot of the couch, shoving his askew glasses back up the ridge of his twitchy, little nose, and stood up to meet the two other chipmunks even though he was far below them.

Theodore smiled a little upon seeing his older brother at the foot of the couch, his emerald eyes brightening a little, and reached down towards Simon but he was careful not to awake his wife. Eleanor was a very heavy sleeper so not even the battle cries of an army could arose her from her peaceful slumber but the pair of male rodents weren't wanting to risk it.

"Hiya, Simon!" Theodore whispered.

Simon smiled and grabbed on to his brother's paw "Hello, Theodore, you alright?" He was hoisted up to the couch and he carefully sat himself beside his brother.

Theodore nodded vigorously with a small smile yet he continued to closely snuggle Eleanor, his paws securely wrapped around her bloated figure. The blonde-brown chipmunk couldn't bring himself to release his mate, not while she is in a very dependent yet rather loony state.

"Yeah," Theodore said with a wry smirk "I'm good!"

The two brothers shared a rather awkward silence. Their oldest brother, Alvin, had left not too long ago with his mute son, Alexander, to go to the skate boarding park so they could shred some boards on concrete. It was unusually quiet and calm since Alvin left since he was the life of the party so everyone who stayed in the house decided to spend what little time they had to bathe in the blessed silence.

"Sooo..." Simon started as he fumbled with the collar of his trench coat, tugging at it occasionally "I've almost finished fixing the toaster, Theo!"

Theodore's face brightened up like a button upon hearing the news "Oh that's good! Hopefully Ellie won't force cheese balls down the bread holes this time!"

Simon could only rub irritably at his forehead at the mention of another 'joyful' habit of Eleanor's pregnancy. Why did she have to act like a manic who had just escaped from the mental asylum? She was usually so cute and bubbly (and she still is sometimes) but she is now quick tempered, can become violent, a bit insane and she the innocent tone to it was just the cherry on top.

"Yeah.." He agreed "Hopefully she won't do that."

The two male chipmunks hummed in acknowledgement, agreeing whole heartedly with each other as they stared at the black, lifeless television screen. They both thought about all the events happening over these last few days. Brittany was having a bathing session upstairs, Jeanette was more than likely in her room sulking and Dave was out for a walk.

Simon decided to clear his throat as he continued the casual conversation "How's you're pup doing?"

Upon hearing Simon mention the tiny piece of life growing within his wife's womb, Theodore placed a loving paw on Ellie's swollen belly and petted it with adoring affection and he felt his tail swishing about. He couldn't believe that he would become a father soon! It was exciting yet terrifying at the same time.

"T-Their doing fine, Si, thanks."

Simon could sense the nervousness hiding behind his brother's voice. He didn't find it too surprising that the light brown chipmunk was scared upon discovering his first pup. What if the puppy too have health problems, what if it was hurt at birth? What if it...

Theo shook his head, his brownish brows knitting together angrily as he mentally scolded himself for thinking such things. He couldn't let himself think that his currently healthy pup was going to die so soon? That wasn't allowed!

Simon couldnt help but notice Theodore's all too obvious self arguing as he placed a gentle paw upon his shoulder. He smiled gently "Theodore, everything's gonna be just fine." He smiled a little wider upon seeing Theodore look at him "The important thing is Eleanor's got someone who cares for her unconditionally."

The youngest chipmunk's face twisted in confusion as his jungle green eyes lifted up skyward in deep thought, his frown a bit scrunched up as he thought deeply before turning back to face his older brother "...Is it Dave?"

Simon rolled his eyes. He should have seen this coming from his baby brother since he was still quite special in a way. He decided to specify on what he was saying "I mean
you
!"

Theodore smiled hugely upon hearing this and didn't waste a moment to remove one protective arm from Eleanor's body and slipped it around the back of Simon's neck, embracing him in a brotherly hug. The brothers shared this hug for a long time as they felt a genuine light-hearted ness lift the room in a honey sweet atmosphere.

"Are you going to check on Jeanette now?"

Simon looked surprised as he looked back at Theodore with wide eyes. He was right, Jeanette was still a bit sad and he needed to go and check on her progress since he knew she needed to get out of that room for at least awhile.

Without saying a word to reply, the second oldest male chipmunk jumped off the couch and landed on the floor simply before racing off towards the master bedroom to see Jeanette.

Upon reaching the door, Simon lightly pushed it open and saw his beautiful wife curled up sadly as she laid on the chequered blankets that draped over the huge luxurious single bed that seemed to fit two chipmunks just fine.

Jen seemed to have not noticed her mates presence as she stared out the window despite the fact that the outdoor view the window usually beheld was obstructed by the beautiful silk velvet curtains with a peach colour and scent wafting around the room in a gentle fragrance.

Simon gently called out in a gentle voice, noticing the dim lighting of the room thanks to the curtains obscuring the windows. "Jeanette, are you ok?"

Jeanette said nothing and didn't look away from the window. Clearly she was completely oblivious to Simon's presence as she laid there curled up, not standing on her own two feet as she murmured the lovely tune of S.O.S by Rihanna in a soft, almost non existent voice.

Simon got on his two feet as he frowned. Jeanette seemed visibly upset and he didn't know why. He gave a determined nod of the head as he decided he needed to get closer to her if this mystery was going to be solved.

He climbed the bed and leapt on the covers, making the blankets jolt a bit and thus finally breaking Jeanette's strong focus as she finally shown signs of life as she looked around. She was acting as if she was just remembering where she was!

Simon decided to try again "Um...Dear?"

Jeannette looked over her shoulder, her amethyst eyes becoming misty with confusion. What was her mate doing here, wasn't he working in his workshop? She put a paw to some of her hair and swept her bangs away so she could look a little less like she had been in a deep trance.

She forced a smile "Simon! I-I didn't hear y-you come in."

However the dark brown slender chipmunk folded his arms across his thinly built chest. He didn't exactly think she was feeling alright even if she was paying attention. The Jeanette he knew was a little shy and clumsy yet she was social and kind-hearted. What happened to the Jeanette he knew and adored?

Simon approached the darker brown chipette with his neon blue eyes almost firm "I know ya didn't, my dear."

He gently got down beside her and laid down on his stomach, looking right at her through his smart-looking glasses right passed her own purple glasses. The two intelligent chipmunks shared an almost ominous silence until Jeanette broke it.

"You know I'm sad...Don't you?"

Simon nodded his head "It's my job to worry about you and know all the tale tale signs that something's up," He explained and he put a gentle paw on her shoulder "now, what's the matter?"

Jeanette expelled a heavy sigh deep from her trachea. Simon always knew her too well to know that something was up but she worried about how he would react to hearing this. Either way, Simon wouldn't just let this go until he got to the root of the problem.

She had to spill the beans.

"I...I want to have a chipmunk pup, Simon!"

Simon's caring face instantly turned to a stilled stone one. His eyes were wide, his pupils shrank into tiny dots and his mouth gaped open slightly as his jaw went slack. How was he supposed to react to this? He thought Jeanette didn't want a baby!

He was so surprised that he barely noticed that his mate had already decided to spill more to explain this further "Alvin and Brittany have Alex, Theo and Ellie are going to have a little bundle of joy but we're not! Why can't we have one!? I want to be a mother so
badly,
Simon!"

Jeanette seemed on the verge of tears as Simon could see the small pockets of water lining the bottom of her sparkly, jewel-like eyes. Her bottom lip even trembled vigorously as tears threatened to stream down her furry cheeks and leave wet, disgustingly salty streaks in their wake.

Simon snapped himself from his state of shock and went to work on comforting his mate. His eyes returning to normal, he gently exclaimed "Hey, hey, hey, hey! It's alright..."

Jeanette couldn't contain her tears any longer and they streamed down her cheeks in heartbreak yet she buried her face in Simon's neck, sobbing heavily as she cried. Simon rubbed a soothing paw up and down her back and even drawing little circles to calm her down and pacify her worries, occasionally shushing her as he cradled her.

Simon was lost. He knew that Jeanette and himself weren't ready for that commitment for many reasons but one reason overpowered them alone: They were too busy.

Their responsibilities kept them from having a family and Simon felt that Jeanette wouldn't be ready for parenthood yet since she didn't know that being a parent was not only time consuming but it was also emotionally draining.

Simon hated to see his beloved cry so much but he couldn't just suggest "let's have a baby" either. He had to do something.

"Sweetie, I promise I'll figure out something," Simon cooed softly as he deftly snaked a paw under her chin and made her woeful eyes meet his gentle ones "but you know that with the responsibility and our careers it will weigh heavily on you. I'm so sorry."

Jeanette sniffed as Simon used a thumb to wipe away stray tears running down her cheeks. Seeing her like this killed Simon on the inside and he so desperately wanted to tell her to have a family with him like the others had families but that wasn't really possible right now.

He kissed her sweet, gentle lips and rubbed a paw up and down her face "Please don't cry, Jeanette, you're the moon for my constellation of stars, the ocean for my school of fishes, the milk that goes in my coffee each morning."

Jeannette seemed to have felt a little better as she nodded yet kept her face nestled into his furry neck. It was then that Simon had an idea! Jeanette loved Simone but she loved him too, as they were one in the same, so he decided to try and cheer her up just a little bit as he forced a French accent out from deep within his throat.

"Ah, my darling Jeanette, you are ze love of my life and I hate to see those sweet lips frown so."

Jeannette looked up surprised "...Simone?"

Simon winked as he quickly tore off a lengthy amount of his sleeve and wrapped it gently around his own head as if to re-create Simone "Qui, my dear, it iz me. My smarter, more handsome alter ego has been conversing and I have decided to make those perfect eyes stop producing such sour tearz."

Jeanette couldn't help but giggle at Simon's performance. She knew that her husband was just pretending to be Simone but she couldn't help but find this attempt kind of sweet. She smiled yet her eyes were still bloodshot.

Simone just took her gentle paw and made her stand up before he began to sing softly

"I gotta take a little time, A little time to think things over..." Simon hummed softly, his singing voice returning to his actual voice as he began to move his feet slowly with his mate, them beginning to waltz on the bed "I better read between the lines, In case I need it when I'm older."

Jeannette felt some happiness return to her. She was so lucky to have Simon as her husband and protecter. He would go to the ends of the earth, search every website imaginable if it would help her feel happy and he would be by her side whenever she needed him there.

What did she do to deserve such a wonderful mate?

"Now this mountain I must climb, Feels like a world upon my shoulders." Simon's eyes began to lid as he stared compassionately at her, his paws grasping hers as some sunlight actually shone through the curtains to lighten the room slightly and it also lifted the atmosphere just a smudge.

The male intellectual chipmunk's deep yet high pitched voice sounded like the gentle twitters of a bird yet it also sounded pristine and clear. It was perfect and soothing for anyone whenever anyone was feeling upset.

"Through the clouds I see love shine. It keeps me warm as life grows colder..." Simon stole a kiss from Jeanette as he leaned forwards and planted a quick kiss on her soft, rosy cheek even if he did taste some of the salty tears she had cried mere moments ago.

"Oh, Simon..." Jeanette smiled sweetly at her true love but only to be shushed again as he continued to serenade her and they danced so romantically and slowly as Jeanette rested her paw on Simon's shoulder and he placed his paw on her hip.

In my life there's been heartache and pain. I don't know if I can face it again!" Simon turned away with slightly shameful eyes, a frown becoming apparent on his muzzle as he tried to hide an obvious blush underneath his fur yet Jeanette giggled again as Simon kissed her nose lightly.

"Can't stop now, I've traveled so far...To change this lonely life." Simon stretched the word 'life' for a few moments before he sang the chorus that was as soft as a butterflies wing as the two chipmunks exchanged a compassionate gaze, blue eyes staring right at amethyst.

Simon smiled as he felt his heart flutter within his chest. He loved Jeanette with every fibre of his being and wouldn't trade her for all the psychics books in the world. Not even gold could replace her.

"I wanna know what love is." Simon gently sang the first line of the chorus with such passion as his eyes remained soft and loving yet he noticed that Jeanette began to grow sleepy as she rested her head over his shoulder.

"I want you to show me...I wanna feel what love is..." Simon held her in his paws as he began to lower her down to the bed, not minding how heavy she was as he rested her head against the humongous pillow that laid right in front of the head rest.

His voice was nothing but a gentle whisper now.

"I know you can show me...hmmmm..." Simon gently stooped down beside her as he watched her angelic form. She looked so much like an angel as the softest of breathing escaped from her throat and her chest rose up and down.

The second oldest of the chipmunks leaned forwards and kissed his wife's forehead as the thing he told her all those years ago resurfaced in his mind.

"
You know Jeanette, even the most perfect gem can not compare to you're beauty
."

Simon curled up by his mate's side and closed his eyes to sleep himself "G'night my darling Jeanette..."

Little did either of them know, however, was that someone was spying on them through a gap in the window. Someone dressed in black, someone wearing scuba diving goggles with neon green lenses and someone who had a devilish smirk stretching his fat lips.

Outside the Seville home was rather sunny and fresh from the summer air as luscious grass sprinkled the ground of the entire small neighbourhood and the small currents of wind picked up and carried off some discarded rubbish to another location.

The streams of golden evening sunlight poured against everything be it living or non to create a warm evnviorment.

The man who had earlier saw Alexander through a window and had almost got him at his school thanks to his own curiosity had a feeling that thanks to following the little adsolent pup, he had found the rest of his targets.

The spy placed a finger on the side of his headset and spoke into the microphone that was mere inches to the left from his lips "Boss, I've found the rest of our missing subjects. Shall I move in and proceed to capture them?"

Another familiar voice originating from the mic spoke "No. Let us wait awhile longer, agent."

The agent was confused. Why was his boss constantly denying his request to go after the little fur balls they had hunted for years? He opened his mouth to argue but the woman on the other line seemingly knew what he was about to do and stopped him dead in his tracks.

"Trust me, agent Johnson," she said "I know what I'm doing."



A/N: So sorry it took this long to update, I have just been busy with the fact that I've had a few more stories to update and the fact that I'm constantly ending up in and out of hospital with stomach pains.



Its horrible and I'm currently in hospital so please don't hassle me. I'm sorry guys, really I am.



I know you've been thinking I'd do another chapter on Alex since he IS the main character but I thought that I should at least do a chapter on Theodore, Eleanor, Jeanette and Simon.



A romantic chapter, to be more specific.



Next chapter I will make about Alexander again and hopefully I'll be feeling better by then.



Now to the story. Oh dear, it seems that those people hunting the Chipmunks and Chipettes have found the Seville home and is planning something. What will they do to our heroes? What on earth will Alvin and Alex find? What is the boss lady planning?



Stay tuned and find out!



Please review.



-Chloemcg


>