


.:CHAPTER SEVEN:.


Randolf was
furious
. He could see the growing attachment between his sister and that dwarf, Dwalin, and it made his blood boil. It was wrong and Redda should know better than to dishonour her and their family like that. Now, it was Randolf's duty to watch over his sister and make sure she did not take it any further. When he stopped to greet a friend of the family that had survived the battle, his eyes never left her. He knew that
that
dwarf was not far away, and he had to be careful.

When Randolf saw his sister leave their tent, he knew he had to stop her. He excused himself and walked quickly in the direction he knew she had gone, but not before picking up his axe by the tent. He had to be prepared should the other dwarf put up a fight. While he knew Dwalin was an accomplished warrior, he was wounded and if Randolf took him by surprise he should have the upper hand. At least that was what he hoped.

Waves of anger rolled over him as he got closer, watching them sitting close together – too close – as his sister was bent over the other dwarf's injury, no doubt. He tightened his grip of the axe and narrowed his eyes as he saw her smile up at Dwalin. How dared she sit that close to another dwarf? Did she truly want to shame her family that bad? Randolf did not know, and did not want to know. He was fuming by the time he reached the pair.

Dwalin noticed the intruder before Redda did, grabbing his axe as he quickly stood up, catching the kneeling woman in front of him off guard.

"Dwalin, what..." she began, but trailed off as she noticed her brother standing before them, the smile fading on her lips. Her mouth went dry and her eyes widened in alarm as she rose, the damp cloth slipping from her hand, falling forgotten to the ground.

Dwalin noticed her expression and his eyes hardened as he seized up her brother. He was surprised to see the weapon in the other dwarf's hands, as if he was preparing for battle. He gripped his own axe harder at that, wary and not trusting the other at all. He stepped in front of Redda in one fluid motion, shielding her with his body. He would protect her should the need arise.

The protectiveness of the other dwarf only fuelled Randolf's anger more. How dared Dwalin step between him and his sister, as if she was his to protect?!

"Redda", he growled between his teeth. "Get over here, girl."

Defiance rose in Redda's eyes at his order – for an order it was. "I need to re-wrap his wound", she stated and nodded to Dwalin and the forgotten bandages at their side, trying to keep her voice calm.

"Let him go to a proper healer then", Randolf sneered and took two quick steps forward, not leaving Dwalin with his eyes, daring the other to stop him.

And Dwalin dared. With a growl he stepped forward as well, not liking the other's attitude, his knuckles turning white. Randolf could not help taking a step back from the massive dwarf in front of him, his courage wavering slightly as he realized what he was up against.

Dwalin felt oddly satisfied at watching the smaller dwarf cower, glad that he could protect what was his.
His
? Dwalin's eyes wandered for a split second to the woman next to him, wondering where on earth that thought had come from. It had been purely instinctual, as if something deep within him demanded that he would keep her safe. The intensity of it frightened him, but he was determined not to let it show and quickly returned his gaze to the fuming dwarf in front of him.

Randolf had not missed the quick look Dwalin gave his sister. While he was not a very brave dwarf, he was cunning and smart and knew that while he could not defeat the other in battle, he could do damage in other ways.

"Redda, my dear sister", he started, a smirk on his face as he watched his sister grow cold at his sudden change of attitude. "Let's not play around with poor Dwalin – what if he actually developed
feelings
for you, hmm? It would break his heart, do you not think, if you let this
game
continue while being promised to another man?"

As Randolf's words sunk in, Dwalin froze and slowly turned to the woman he had grown to care so much about, a slight gasp escaping his lips before he could help himself. He knew he left a big gap in his defence as he did, but he could not care less. It did not matter, in fact, nothing did. She was promised to another? He could feel his heart breaking at the mere thought of her being with another man. Was it true?

"Is it true?" he whispered, hurt lacing through his words.

He could see her flinch as she met his gaze, pain written all over her face. Her lips were pressed tightly together, as if repressing a silent scream as she watched him. A lone tear rolled from her left eye, leaving a wet trail through the dirt of her cheek. As he watched the tear drip from her chin, he knew, despite her lack of words. She was another man's.

Dwalin turned away, he could not bear to look at her. She was only playing with him – playing with his feelings. It was all a game to her. He felt so stupid, so incredibly stupid, to actually think she might have developed some sort of feelings for him as well. He felt...
betrayed
. She had made him feel like one on had ever done before, and in the short amount of time they had spent in each others company, he had begun to
hope
. He had been foolish, he realized that now, to think that any woman would ever want him. He shut out his breaking heart, anger taking over instead. A bit of fun, that was all he ever was to her.
A game
.

Redda stepped forward, clutching almost desperately at his arm, but he shrugged her off with a cold look over his shoulder. She flinched again as she met his gaze, full of loathing and anger, lowering her eyes and letting the tears flow freely from her eyes. He turned away from her once more and stalked off, and this time she did not follow him, nor did she try to stop him again, her pain too great.

Randolf watched as Dwalin walked away from them with a smug grin on his face. The warrior would not approach his sister again, that he had made sure of.
Father would be proud
, he thought to himself with a smirk as he grabbed Redda's arm, forcing her back to their tent, not caring about the sobs that shook her body.


Soooo what did you think? Did it surprise you or could you see it coming? And who is Redda promised to? It will all be explained in time, I promise! I would really appreciate if you would take your time to write me a few words to let me know what you think, otherwise I will never know!


>