

Chapter 1

This Story is a rewritten ending. It will start where Glinda and Evanora battling in the throne room.

-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-

My head was pounding, that wall hurt, and I hit it hard... i glance up, my vision still blurry, to see Evanora slithering over towards me. her necklace glowing brightly, signaling she's about to attack. (an, see the change?)

"Ahhhh!" i scream, pain shooting through my body. my head jerks side to side my body twitching in reaction to the shock. as the pain starts to subside and my vision clear, i see Evanora reaching over my pained self to take my wand away from my reaches.

"oh, don't worry my pretty," Evanora mocks me, "i won't kill you, yet, i still need you alive." One of my sisters' winkie guards walks in. "guard, take my sisters' wand up to my chambers, she doesn't need it," Evanora purrs. turning back to me she teases, "now my pretty one, time to deal with you."

i haven't moved since i got shocked, i'd rather not get killed. Evanora is now towering over me. "Evanora, stop," i demand strongly. i'll admit, i am scared, but i won't show her.

"i don't think so Glinda, i have you, not the other way around. i want emerald city, I want to be the queen. With you out there I can't be queen. I get what i want dear sister," Evanora roughly grabs my chin, causing me to gasp. "Come, we have no time to waste." Evanora roughly grabs my arm pulling me over to a room just off of the throne room. this is where her glass ball and red powder are. "You will stand here and not move." she lets go of my arm and i'm tempted to run, but she still has my wand, so i'm still powerless.

Evanora grabs some of her magic red dust and drops it into her hand creating handcuffs, setting those downs she does it again. Evanora then grabs both pairs and turns back to me.

"With a little pout Evanora says, "Aw, you didn't run. I wanted to play cat and mouse. Oh well, let's just get started then." Evanora takes a step towards me as I take one away from her. One hand is holding the cuffs, but with the other she shoots her hand out to grab my wrist. She gives a quick and strong pull of my wrist to her. I trip on over to her. Evanora slips the ice cold cuff onto my wrist before walking behind me to grab the other wrist.

"Come my pretty, to the throne," Evanora whispers into my ear. Evanora placed her left arm over my shoulder and leads me back to the throne. Using her magic she sits the chair upright. I feel Evanora's arm removed from my shoulder and then, shortly after, the ground disappearing beneath my feet. I look to Evanora and see her necklaces lighting up some of the area around her neck. She lifts me high enough so my ankles are near her shoulders. She puts the other pair of cuffs on my ankles, then slides me onto the throne. She has my feet lay neatly under my bottom, and my hands brushing agents the back of the throne.

"Evanora, what do you want with me?" I inquire as she walks behind the throne.

"Oh my dear sister," I feel a little claw like thing hit my back, "It's time to get back at the wizard, and you." Evanora comes around to my right, she grabs my chin and forces me to look at her, "First, the wizard," She lets go of my chin and reaches behind me, "then you," Evanora moves the claw thing around the chain of the cuff then pushes it back into the chair. Evanora then snaps her fingers and this camera thing attached to fold-able stick things came down from the ceiling.

"What is that?" I question as I try and pull my hands from the throne.

"This is a video camera, my pretty one," Evanora brushes her hand lightly agents my cheek, "now the people of Oz shall see I've got you." With another snap of her fingers the room lights up just a little, a red light starts to blink on top of the video camera and four screens pop up behind the camera, showing the Wizard shooting at Theodora. Theodora is on her broom and about to flee.

"Stop Wizard!" Evanora commands. Immediately he stops and everything grows quiet. "Sister," Evanora starts, I look to the screens behind the camera, one of them shows how the people see the room, from a screen, "Come up here, we have something to deal with." Evanora steps aside and reveals me, sitting on the throne.

"Evanora!" the Wizard calls, "Let her go! The battle is between us!" A bit of hope flashes in my mind, but is soon crushed by Theodora walking into the room.

"No Wizard, we won't let her go," Theodora steps in.

"And Wizard, this is because of you," Evanora turns to me.

"Evanora, don't!" I try, knowing whats going to happen. "Ahh!" I scream. As the pain subsides my head drops down, my chin almost resting on my chest.

"Oh Glinda, this is only the beginning," you can hear the pout in Evanora's voice. "Don't go away people of Oz, and Wizard! we're taking a short break then we'll be back!" Evanora says fake cheery.

"I know that the Wizard is using a video camera of sorts, and I know where he is, I'm going to go retrieve him while you distract the people," Evanora informs. "Now I built this potion and what it does it it lets both drinkers, if witches, to share their power. For example, if you and I drink it sister, then we can both shoot fire balls and both shoot electricity. How does that sound?"

"I like it sister," Theodora gushes.

"Tape or cloth?" Evanora asks.

"I say tape, it'll hurt more when it comes off," A smirk was clear in Theodora's voice.

"But we don't want to damage her pretty little face," Evanora reminds coming over and lifting my head.

"Why not?" Theodora demands.

"Because, my dear sister, then we can't punish her for having a pretty face everyday," Evanora reasons.

"Fine, cloth it is, but make it tight!" Theodora demands.

"Please, stop this," I plead, I have to warn the Wizard. Evanora takes the cloth from Theodora's hand and ties it tightly around my head. Once she is done she snaps her fingers and positions the camera just so, so it doesn't reveal the cloth. The red light again blinks on the camera showing it is back on. Theodora steps into the view.

"My sister created a potion, let's test it out shall we?" Theodora raises her and pain surges through my limbs, I want to cry out, but am restricted by the cloth. With all the strength I can manage I look over to the screens behind the camera just in time to see the Wizard's face disappear.

"NO!" I try and scream, "no Wizard! No!" my voice is muffled.

"Shut up Glinda!" Theodora demands. One by one tears start to fall, then more and more, faster and faster. My head falls so I'm not looking into the camera. "No my pretty one," Theodora teases, " look into the camera." When I don't look up she walks over to me grabbing my hair and pulling back. Now the camera shows the cloth and the people watching start screaming things like, 'Stop you evil witches!' and 'This has gone too far'.

Evanora walks into the room with the Wizard and he's wearing a jewel on a ring which is on his left pointer. With a wave of Evanora's hand the camera moves away from all of us so it shows Oz walking into the room, and me at the throne.

"Go on Oz, show Glinda how much you hate her," Evanora teases. Fear enters as Oz lifts his hand and green bolts star to for at his finger tips.

.

.

.

.

.

.

A/N: What do you think? Let me know! R&amp;R; (1,402 words! :) )

>