

During the entire wedding Glinda had tears racing down her cheeks. She doesn't want to marry Oz like this and she doesn't want the wedding to end and Theodora die.

Oz drags Glinda over to where Evanora said.

"Oz, please don't let Evanora kill her." Glinda pleads, tears running down her face faster. Glinda looks up into Oz's eyes as he ties her wrists to a rail. His eyes are back to normal. "Oz," Glinda gasps, "your back!" Oz nods.

"but I have to pretend not to be." Glinda nods in understanding.

"Please, make sure she's not hurt, please." Oz nods and Glinda gets up on her tip toes, kissing his forehead briefly. "For put protection, not that you need it." Glinda says with a sigh. Oz kisses her forehead before Evanora calls him out.

"Throw her a fireball." Oz nods and forms a fireball in his hand. He lets it grow for a minute before putting it out and throwing lightning bolts over to Evanora and Lucy too. She hates that she has to hurt Lucy too, but it has to be done.

"Oz!" Theodora yells at Oz.

"Don't hurt Lucy!" Glinda yells fighting the bonds on her wrists. Oz jogs over to Glinda and unites her wrists. Glinda gives him a peck on the cheek before Oz runs back over to Evanora and binds her wrists together. The people of Oz start to cheer.

"I want a winkie guard to take her down to to the dungeon." Evanora starts to wake up.

"Oz, what's going on? Help me." Evanora demanded.

"I'm not your puppet anymore Evanora!" Oz yells as winkie guards take her away. Glinda holds Lucy as she wakes up.

"Am I dead?" Lucy questions with a soft voice.

"No, Evanora tricked you into thinking I was dead to keep you in line. She knew if she had you in line I'd follow suit so you weren't hurt. She had a plan and when Theodora wasn't helping anymore she decided to get rid of her as an example. Don't worry anymore. Evanora is powerless and in jail."

"Glinda," Lucy gasps, tears in her eveys, "I thought you were dead and I was going to lose Theodora too." Oz gets Theodora out of the shackles and she walks over to her two sisters. Lucy is clutching GLinda with all her might and won't let go. Lucy is crying on Glinda's dress as Theodora get onto her knees next to them. Careful not to touch Lucy's tears Theodora joins in on the hug.

Theodora stands up with a sigh as the three sisters finish their long hug. "I guess I'll be going to jail now... For all of the trouble I caused." Theodora starts to walk away. Lucy and Glinda each grab one of Theodora's wrists.

"No," Glinda starts.

"You aren't going to jail. though you were evil it was Evanora's fault. She tricked you into turning evil. In the end you realized you were evil and changed back adn saved us. Plus I need my big sisters that love me. Thats you and we love you." Lucy gives Theodora a big hug. "We love you."

The end

So how was it. review/comment! any unanswered questions? I'll answer them!

>