
The next morning, Clint had a blissful twenty seconds before he remembered he was unemployed and a lot of the people he worked with were dead or traitors. Status of world: Hawkeye's life in tatters again, check.
He levered himself up to sit on the side of his bed. "Good morning, Jarvis," he yawned.
"Good morning, Mr. Barton."
"What's the weather report, what's Cap's current condition, and how many international law enforcement agencies want my head?"
"Fair and sunny, sir, the Captain has been upgraded to stable and improving, and three."
He paused halfway to the bathroom. "Three?"
"Yes, sir, the Greiningardeild Varnarm lastofnunar of Iceland and the Direcci n Nacional de Inteligencia of Colombia have sent requests for your presence in their consulates, and an FBI agent is waiting in a conference room on the fourth floor. Ms. Potts has informed me that you are not to leave the Avengers floors for any reason except a direct attack on the tower until you have spoken to her."
There were good reasons for the Colombians to be after him, but he'd thought he'd got away clean on that op in Iceland. Mess with one country's stupid volcanic hellmouth, sheesh. That sheep had tripped and fallen all on its own.
With a good chance of having to speak to official people, he went to the trouble of shaving and making himself more presentable than usual before heading to the common floor to scrounge breakfast.
Banner was perched at the kitchen island, still looking a little worn as he worked his way through a bowl of oatmeal with peaches.
"Looking better, doc," Clint said as he went to investigate the refrigerator. He kept the sausage and eggs and orange juice out of Banner's sight.
Banner smiled slightly. "For all the Other Guy has wrecked my life, I bounce back fairly quickly when I feel sick."
"Does he give you a new appreciation for Godzilla movies?" Banner chuckled but didn't answer, and Clint sang "Oh, no, there goes Tokyo, go, go, Godzilla" under his breath as he cooked.
Jarvis gave a small ding as Clint finished his first plate of breakfast. "Pardon me, gentlemen, but Ms. Potts would like to speak with you both."
Banner glanced at Clint, who shrugged. "Go ahead, Jarvis."
A nearby vertical surface revealed itself to be yet another viewscreen. Pepper looked up from her desk to smile at her camera. "Good morning, gentlemen."
"Good morning, Charlie!" Clint got out before Banner could speak.
Pepper laughed.
"I want to be Kate Jackson," Banner said thoughtfully.
"Thor's Farrah Fawcett, of course," Clint said. "I don't think I can pull off Jaclyn Smith, so I guess that makes me Cheryl Ladd. Where's our third Angel?"
"If you're speaking of Tony," Pepper said, "who, by the way, looks surprisingly fetching in an evening gown and heels, he left for Washington before dawn. He took the armor down to help with clean up at the Triskelion."
"And to keep an eye on proprietary technology?" Banner asked, pouring himself some coffee.
Pepper inclined her head. "The Stark Industries Head of R&amp;D; is making sure that our intellectual property rights and the terms of our contract in re: salvage and damaged equipment are observed. Members of our Washington team of lawyers have been on site since last night."
"You're scary," Clint observed.
She smiled brightly. "Thank you, Clint." She glanced around at her all but spotless desktop. "If you haven't looked at the Internet yet today, may I suggest you be careful? Enough information got past our initial filters to make the tabloids very, very happy. The governmental goons haven't been far behind."
"Jarvis told me there's an FBI guy on the fourth floor for me," Clint said.
Pepper fixed him with a hard look. "And you are not going anywhere near him without a representative of Stark Legal with you. And that representative is not going anywhere without information more specific than 'We need to talk to him' and reassurances that you will be free to leave whatever meeting you're involved in."
Clint blinked. He hadn't really thought about the level of panic that must be going through the halls of power. The Vice President had been revealed to be working with the Mandarin, so who in the government must have ties to Hydra? The rats were scurrying, asses were being covered, and scapegoats were the animal of choice in the zoo of blame.
Banner's hands tightened on his coffee cup. "So who's after me?"
"No one new, interestingly enough," Pepper said. "The general view seems to be that Hydra doesn't have a hope in hell of controlling the Hulk, so there aren't any new problems from that direction."
"That won't last," Banner said. "When they get their hands on the more detailed reports-"
"We shut them down the same way we've shut down everyone who's tried to demand we turn you over to them," Pepper finished.
Clint frowned. "How are you getting the authority to do this? You're a private citizen, when law enforcement shows up, you generally have to obey."
Pepper's smile was gentle and cruel. "The authority of money, influence, and very good lawyers. Everything that activists hate. As for you specifically, the Avengers Initiative has always existed in a legal grey area. Howard Stark was a founder of SHIELD. His work guiding the organization was acknowledged but not legally codified, and Tony's status as consultant isolates him from legal responsibility for SHIELD's actions. The terms of our contracts include fiduciary responsibility for the use of our equipment and intellectual property, and SHIELD was delighted to let Tony take the lion's share of responsibility for supplying the Avengers Initiative."
Clint blinked. "I'm lost."
Banner frowned. "Stark Industries, and therefore Tony, has an ongoing concern for SHIELD, which means he can't legally be shut out of organization matters, and Fury gave him ownership in all but name of the Avengers."
Pepper thought a moment. "Essentially. I'm beginning to think this was all done intentionally, to give us room to maneuver."
Clint shook his head. "And people buy this?"
"It doesn't matter if the general citizenry buy it, the lawyers and bureaucrats have to recognize the validity of the arguments and counter them officially, no matter how long it takes. Time and developing situations resolve many issues, when other problems crop up to take precedence."
"Pepper, my whole life has been lived in a world where people do end runs on legal arguments all the time. If a strike team shows up demanding my head, a lawyer's not going to stop them."
The glint of orange in her eyes may have been a trick of the light. "Well, I can't do all the work. I'm sure you could come up with an appropriate reaction in a situation like that." She glanced around her desk again. "For today, at least, we're going to insist on official communications and proper notification. The FBI agent is going to have a couple of lawyers drop in to explain the requirements for speaking to an Avenger."
Clint made a frustrated noise. "But I'm an agent of SHIELD, they're within their rights to talk to me."
"Have you received instructions from someone in your SHIELD chain of command? Do you have contingency instructions for what to do when your organization is revealed to be the cover for a generation-spanning terrorist organization?" Pepper paused. "Clint-do you *want* to turn yourself over to the FBI? Or to Iceland or Colombia?"
At the heart of him, Clint knew he was a grunt. When responsibility for managing his life was left in his own hands, he tended to end up beat-up behind dumpsters or getting hunted down by shadowy organizations. Gibbering panic threatened to take over his mind when he thought too hard about not having SHIELD at his back anymore, and the thought of being locked up in an interrogation room for several days was kind of comforting.
"When you get right down to it," he finally said, "what are the Avengers? It's a group that was pulled together once upon a time. Doc here has a higher purpose, and he's finally got a place where he can be safe and do the work he's meant to do. I'm a killer for hire, who's just had his longterm contract forcibly terminated. Is that really someone you want the Stark name defending?"
"Yes," Pepper said crisply. She gave it a few moments so Clint could blink in confusion. "If Hydra is in SHIELD, Hydra is in SI. If Obadiah Stane has taught us anything, it's that corporate espionage can get very bloody. If I'm going to get Hydra out of my company, I'll need people who are up to the job, who are good at the job, and won't be too flummoxed if their target suddenly shows up in battle armor. And who is much more subtle than Tony." She smiled brightly. "HR isn't open today, but my assistant can forward an application to your email."
Corporate security sounded like a joke, but as Tony had said, in some places, Stark Industries was the only thing keeping communities alive. That meant being a major regional power, and god knew what might be going on behind the scenes, Hydra or just local problems.
"That," Clint said thoughtfully, "could be interesting."
Pepper nodded firmly. "Excellent. Which means you don't go anywhere near official inquiries without Stark Legal representation, right?"
He grinned. "Yes, ma'am."
"Good. Check your house email, Legal's sent some preliminary authorization documents you need to sign. Bruce, you have some updates as well." Her computer dinged at her. "And I need to yell at the Department of Justice about who has rights to our proprietary designs. Enjoy the rest of your breakfast."
And she was gone.
Banner gazed at the screen. "I can't imagine another man other than Tony being able to keep up with her."
"Thank god she's not Hydra," Clint said. "They wouldn't have had to bother with helicarriers."
They shared a shudder.
As Clint went to get another plate of food, Banner glanced at on of Jarvis' speakers. "Is there coverage of the cleanup in Washington, Jarvis?"
"There is, Dr. Banner. Whose coverage would you like to see?"
"The BBC feed if they have one, Al-Jazeera if not. CNN for backup."
"Certainly, sir."
The soothing tones of the BBC Received Pronunciation came from the screen, narrating a view of Iron Man hovering over the river near the open launch bays next to the still-smoking wreck of the Triskelion. Clint hurried into the kitchen to replenish his plate rather than watching. "You want anything, Doc?"
Banner waved a dismissive hand as he watched the screen.
"-ports from yesterday are confirmed as Iron Man appeared in the skies over Washington to lend his aid to the salvage and recovery efforts at the ruins of SHIELD's headquarters," said the announcer. "A Stark Industries spokeswoman said Mr. Stark is supervising the recovery of closely guarded corporate designs which were incorporated into the three helicarriers that were launched from the facility yesterday. An official statement from the corporation states that Stark Industries unreservedly denounces the alleged purpose of the helicarriers, which was reported to be an initial strike against the American population by the World War II terrorist organization Hydra. Here in the studio we have-"
"Cut it, Jarvis," Banner said. "I don't want to listen to so-called experts telling us what we should be thinking about all this."
"Very good, sir."
"Do you have an ongoing real-time feed of what Tony's doing?"
The feed from a camera across the river from the Triskelion came up, showing barge-mounted cranes lifting debris from the river. Iron Man hung above the work area, staring down.
"What's he doing?" Clint asked.
"Sir is mapping the river bottom, Mr. Barton," Jarvis said. "There is a large tangle of wreckage in the water, and Iron Man is guiding the recovery divers to where they can be the most use while avoiding the worst danger."
"Doesn't he have cutting gear in the suit? Why doesn't he-"
"Oh," Banner said softly.
Clint looked at him. "What?"
Banner frowned, then shrugged slightly. "Tony was caught in the wreckage when the Malibu house was fired upon and fell into the sea."
Clint blinked, then shuddered. "In the house . . . in the water."
"Yes."
"In the suit?"
"Yes, thank god."
"So diving into potentially unstable underwater debris is probably not . . ."
Banner nodded. "Probably not where most people would want to be, no."
Iron Man jerked in the air and flew over to another section of the river, going lower and moving back and forth till he came to a halt over a spot. Two of the barge cranes cruised over to join him.
"Survivors?" Clint guessed.
Banner shook his head. "Unlikely. This isn't like earthquake recovery, not much chance of air pockets. Jarvis?"
"No, sir, that was the first scan we did, for any section of debris that could offer a chance of survival. There is surprisingly little building debris in the water, and the carrier wreckage is fully flooded."
Banner sighed. "It might be repulsor tech. I bet there's a race on to find that."
"Indeed, Dr. Banner," Jarvis said. "Fortunately, Stark Enterprises was able to secure the hire of all the barge-based cranes within an hour of the Triskelion. The Army Corps of Engineers' equipment is at least half a day away."
Clint grinned. "That was clever on someone's part."
"Indeed, sir."
For the next hour, Iron Man directed the cranes in lowering cables into the water while divers went on and off of the barges. Clint pulled up his hitherto-unknown house email-cfbarton .org-and stared at the job offer from Stark HR, then bounced to various news sites to read the stories coming out. The fight at Stark Tower hadn't gone unnoticed-someone with a good camera phone in the building next door had gotten a very flattering shot of Clint flying down on the drone harness-and there were reports of small, vicious battles in scattered parts of the world.
He looked at the job application again, then looked up information on the SHIELD database dump. On the other side of the table, Banner split his attention between the recovery feed and his own computer screen as he sipped tea. Clint hovered his finger between the tabs on his screen for the email message from HR and the tab with the search results for Hawkeye, then glanced over at the feed from the river. Tony was still circling the spot and not providing enough distraction from unsettling information he really didn't want to look at.
A bunch of divers surfaced all at once, and the barge crews started bustling around.
Clint leaned forward, happily ignoring the things on his computer screen. "What did he find, Jarvis?"
"We're not certain, sir," Jarvis said, sounding distracted and worried.
Tony pointed to the two barges and made big circling gestures. The cranes revved into life simultaneously, pulling up dripping cables, then both stopped at a slashing gesture from Tony.
"You're not pulling something up?" Banner asked.
"One moment, please, doctor . . ."
The armor went still, then dropped straight into the water.
"No, Tony," Banner gasped.
Clint gaped at the screen. "PTSD from being trapped in the water, you said, doc?"
"I am *still* not that kind of doctor, dammit!"
"The divers and the cranes were securing some wreckage so that Sir can do a retrieval," Jarvis said, still sounding tense. "I am monitoring-ah, he has it."
Iron Man lifted out of the water on boot power alone, his hands gripping something that was dripping slime-
Something that was Captain America's shield.
The barge crews and divers did celebratory waving as Tony hovered above the water, turning the shield in his hands. He then stuck it under one arm, saluted each barge in turn, then flew off away from the site.
"Huh," Banner said. "How is Steve today, Jarvis?"
"Captain Rogers regained consciousness an hour ago, Dr. Banner. A non-privacy-invading scan of hospital records reports he is already requesting permission to leave. Major Wilson is reported to be in the room with him and refusing to let him check himself out against medical advice."
Clint frowned. "He's got a guard, doesn't he?"
"Yes, sir. There is a pair of Army MPs on his door, and several FBI agents are patrolling the floor. The various armed services are petitioning for the honor of rotating out the guard duty, but the Army is claiming exclusive rights due to the Captain's service in their branch."
"Is Tony going to the hospital?" Banner asked.
"That is his plan, doctor. We are currently debating whether he should go to the room in armor or have someone from Stark Georgetown meet him at the hospital with something far more presentable."
"Tell him the hospital floors may not be rated for the weight of the armor."
"Thank you, Dr. Banner, an excellent point."
"CNN, please, they're bound to be covering the recovery of the shield."
The Internet was also going gaga over Tony pulling the shield out of the water. Twitter was flinging around a nicely framed shot of Iron Man hovering over the salvage-craft-crowded river with the shield in his hands, against the backdrop of the gutted Triskelion. People all over Washington were posting sightings of Iron Man headed towards Georgetown University Hospital, and paparazzi were circling the facility.
Jarvis' speaker beeped. "Mr. Stark coming on the line, gentlemen." A quarter of the main screen blipped to show Tony in the back of a limo, in one of his fine suits, a glass in his hand, sunglasses on, the shield propped up on the seat next to him.
"Good morning, Angels," he said.
"Sorry," Banner said, "we did that one with Pepper. She's Charlie."
Tony waved his glass. "She'd be much better at it. Who am I?"
"Jaclyn Smith."
"I can work it. You're Kate Jackson, then, and sorry, birdie, Thor's Farrah Fawcett."
Clint grinned. "I already claimed Cheryl Ladd. We need someone for Cap."
"Bosley?" Banner offered.
Tony shook his head. "Jarvis is Bosley."
"I beg to differ, sir," Jarvis said. "Surely, as Charlie is never seen and interacts with his team as only a voice on a speaker, I am better suited for that role."
The three men blinked.
"He makes a fair point," Clint said thoughtfully. Banner nodded.
Tony grimaced. "I can see the argument, buddy, but do you really want to challenge Pepper for the job?"
"Never, sir, I shall concede the field."
"We ought to make sure Cap sees the show before we assign him a part." Tony absently patted the shield beside him.
Banner tilted his head slightly. "Did you find your tech?"
Tony glanced out the limo's window. "Most of the repulsor engines were blown up well enough to be uninformative slag, and I've marked the location of the rest. All the salvage crews currently on the river answer to me, and they should have those bits secured before nightfall. That's all I was looking for."
"How did you find the shield?"
"My scanners pinged on vibranium. That's a metal I'm always happy to get my hands on." His fingers ran slowly over the face of the shield as he continue to gaze at the view outside the car, tracing nicks and dents.
Clint studied Banner. For all he wasn't "that kind of doctor," he was certainly treating Tony with kid gloves. Then again, Stark was looking a lot more brittle than he had in a long time. Clint wondered what else he had found in the water, beyond wreckage and relics. The gunships hadn't been as big as Fury's pride and joy, which had a crew compliment near a thousand. These had been specialized terror weapons, not general purpose cruisers, so probably not so many people had gone down with them. But it had been barely a day since they went down. Things would still be fresh.
If not for the Winter Soldier, they'd probably be searching for Cap in the wreckage. Crashing into water again, what must that have done to his head?
"No, Tony," Banner said firmly, attracting Clint's attention. "You may not shave some metal off the shield 'for science.' Steve would notice, and he would not be happy."
Tony was looking back at the camera again, his manic grin actually bringing the crinkles out around his eyes instead of just being a deflective baring of teeth. "Microns, Brucie-Bear! The merest scrapings!"
Clint smiled. "Cap knows the flight characteristics of that thing to the farthest decimal point. He probably knows his shield as well as you know your armor."
Tony turned to stare narrow-eyed at the shield, and he ran his fingers more purposefully over the surface. "There are dings on this thing, fresh ones. Jarvis, are there any records from way back in the day on how Dad maintained the shield? This many surface irregularities would throw off its flight, there must have been some way they smoothed it out. My best grinder would be ripped to shreds on vibranium."
Banner threw Clint a very quick smile, clearly pleased that Tony had been distracted from the mood whatever he'd found in the water had put him in.
"Coming around to the labor and delivery entrance, Mr. Stark," said a voice off camera.
"Thanks, Claudia," Tony said. "Any paps?"
"Looks clear, sir, you should be able to get through the door clear."
"Good job."
Bruce leaned towards the screen. "Labor and delivery?"
"Jarvis pinged GU's security, and they said that should be the easiest entrance to come in at. I can take the memes that'll show up if anybody gets a picture of me sneaking in through the baby door." Tony reached down to pull a red and gold briefcase off the limo's floor. "I'm going dark, guys, I'll see if I can bring you in when I get in to see Cap. Ciao." The screen went dark.
Clint pulled out his phone and set up a Google search for Tony Stark, curious to see how quickly he'd be spotted. He apparently got in clean, because paparazzi tweets were getting frustrated, and one was is trying get the story trending that Iron Man had flown off with the shield for his own nefarious purposes.
Fifteen minutes after Tony went dark, the speaker beeped and the screen came back on. "And Radio Stark is back on the air. And yes, Bruce, I asked permission before going live."
The picture settled to show Tony stepping back from where he'd apparently set up his phone on a table with a view of the bed. In the chair by the bed, a good-looking black man was giving the phone a narrow, doubtful look. In the bed, the still-bruised-and-bandaged Steve Rogers lay, staring down at the shield in his lap, running his hand over the surface.
Tony turned his showman's smile at Steve and the man in the chair. "Gentlemen, the unseen men on the phone are two of my fellow Avengers, Dr. Bruce Banner, AKA the Hulk, and Clint Barton, AKA, Hawkeye. Brucie-Bear, Barton, this is Sam Wilson, pilot of the Falcon suit, and the man in the bed needs no introduction."
Wilson blinked and looked a bit dazzled, then forced no-big-dealness over his face again. "Hey," he said.
"Hey, Wilson, I'm Barton," Clint said. "I want your wings."
"You can't have them," Wilson said easily. "Even if they are in pieces."
Tony leaned back against the wall. "He doesn't want to be called Cupid, in any case. But you can give him the ones you had, I'll be building you much better ones."
In his bed, Steve smiled faintly, still staring at his shield. "Beware of Starks bearing gifts, Sam. Next thing, you'll find yourself fighting space aliens or mad Nazi scientists."
"Pffth," Wilson said, "been there, done that, didn't need no Stark to get into that. Just your incredible inability to stay out of trouble."
Steve's smile was more painful than amused. "Yeah, nothing says friendship like nearly getting people you care about killed. Or worse than killed," he added softly, tracing a set of gouges in the face of the shield.
A textbook awkward silence fell.
Tony stuck his hands in his trouser pockets, to the dismay of his tailor. "Do you know how you got out of the river, Cap?"
Steve shook his head. "Washed ashore, I guess."
"Jarvis showed me the reports of witnesses. A man walked out of the river dragging your bedraggled red-white-and-blue self, and he dropped you on the riverbank. He waited till you showed signs of life, then walked away."
Steve visibly uncurled. "A man? Who?"
Tony smirked a little. "He didn't stop to introduce himself, but everyone agreed his most identifiable feature was the metal arm."
Steve leaned back against his pillows, a smile fighting to escape.
Wilson frowned at him. "Steve . . . "
"Shut up, Sam." He blinked fast a few times. "I mean that in the nicest way possible, but just give me this for a second."
Wilson subsided, but not without a glare at Tony, who grinned obnoxiously before pulling his hands out of pockets and reaching down for his red-and-gold briefcase.
"Can't stay for a longer visit," he said, "gotta wrangle more government types to keep my intellectual property in my own hands. But I do want to warn you, in all seriousness, that the hunt for scapegoats is on. Subpoenas are being drawn up, and charges won't be far behind. Stark Legal will stand behind any Avenger-and Avenger adjacent," he added, nodding at Wilson. He flipped a business card onto the bedside table. "Don't talk to officials without calling us first. And the office is extended to any lady arachnids you may run into, as well."
"Thank you, Tony," Steve said, with that unforced sincerity that made cynical people like Clint want to poke him suspiciously. "And thank you for being willing to get back into the air for this. It made doing this easier, knowing there were people out there who could act if we couldn't stop Insight. You did good work yesterday. You, too, Clint, Dr. Banner," he added towards the phone.
Wilson shook his head. "Honestly, the man just comes up with this stuff off the top of his head. It's embarrassing for the rest of us."
Tony grinned. "He has a great future in fortune cookies, if the whole saving the world thing falls apart."
Steve shrugged. "I was always partial to Burma-Shave signs."
"To what?" Wilson said, baffled. Steve gave him a look of such profound disappointment that Tony burst out laughing.
Steve glared at Tony, too. "Burma-Shave signs are gone, too? Bah," he muttered. He gave Tony a sidelong look. "But I bet you're old enough to know what they are." Tony put on his sunglasses instead of answering.
"I know what they are," Bruce said.
Clint grinned. "There was an old set of them near where I grew up."
Steve smirked at Wilson.
"Don't you say it," Wilson snapped.
"Whippersnapper."
"Dude!"
Tony nodded. "We're keeping you."
Wilson glared at Tony. "What if I don't want to be kept?"
Tony lowered his sunglasses to peer over them. "What makes you think you have a choice?" He grinned his press conference grin and picked up his phone. "Jarvis, have a big order of pizza ready for me to pick up when I get home. Radio Stark, out."
Banner leaned back in his chair. "Well, Steve looks pretty good for someone who fell out of a burning aircraft and into a river." He frowned. "Jarvis, what's happening to the blood samples they're taking from him? Getting a hold of Captain America's DNA has been a Holy Grail of biochemistry for decades."
"I do not know, Dr. Banner," Jarvis said. "I have just consulted with Mr. Stark, and I am now checking the hospital lab records."
"Crap," Clint said. "Another thing to worry about. Jarvis, give Wilson a ping about this. He looks like he's solidly on Cap's side, and we know he's willing to misbehave."
"Of course, sir."
He looked over at Banner, who was already looking at him with what was probably an "oh, fuck" look that was very similar to the one Clint was feeling on his face.
"I'm going to go water my plants," Banner said abruptly, standing up. "I think my aspidistra needs pruning."
"You have fun with that."
Clint decided to go back down to his apartment and drink a snooty beer as he perused the email from Pepper's assistant. And maybe sit on his balcony and contemplate all the little investigations and tracking of bad guys and bad guys' schemes that were no longer being monitored
It would be months before the other intelligence agencies were sufficiently caught up with SHIELD's operations that they could be an effective counter to the kind of dirty deeds SHIELD kept tabs on. Clint himself had strings on arms dealers and militias on three continents, and he knew no one was going to be keeping an eye on them for a while.
Now that he thought about it, though, at least one of those militias was opposing a government that took delight in oppressing its citizens. Maybe Clint's surveillance was serving Hydra's goals, not the stated goals of SHIELD.
He wrapped his arms around his head, trying to drown out the parade of faces he'd seen through the sights of his rifle and bow. How many times had he sullied his craft by killing someone that made a bureaucratic goon mutter "Hail, Hydra"?
He was never invited to join Hydra. Whomever made those decisions knew he was not the kind of man Hydra goons were made of. He took deep comfort in that.
Some time later, the speaker chimed. "Excuse me, Mr. Barton," Jarvis said, "there is a call from Ms. Potts, would you like to take it?"
"Dammit," he muttered. "Sure, Jarvis, put her through."
He glanced towards the nearest window, expecting to see a screen pop up, but only Pepper's voice came through. "Hi, Clint, I hope I'm not interrupting anything."
He smiled reluctantly. "No, Pepper, I'm just sitting here feeling sorry for myself. I haven't even read my email, yet, I'm sorry."
"Oh, that's quite all right, there's no real hurry. Would you mind if I came down to go over a few things? It won't take long."
"Umm . . ." He glanced around his living room, looking for socks and underwear that he may have dropped in plain view.
"Oh, and-don't worry about your socks?"
He froze. "Yeah, no problem," he said.
"Be right down."
He jumped out of his chair, nearly tripped over an end table, and scrambled towards his front door. The door handle was stubborn for half a second, and he reached the floor lobby just as the elevator dinged.
The door slid open. "Ljubimoj," said the faintly smiling redhead in the elevator car.
He couldn't speak, he just strode forward and pulled Natasha into his arms.












































































































































































































>