

Tyrion III

The ship rocked back and forth, making his stomach turn and toss with every move. Too much ale was had the previous night. A dothraki girl slept naked at his side, Tyrion turned to appreciate her body and felt dizzy. Tiredly, he rubbed his head and stumbled out his bed. Stepping out into the deck, the little man stretched his small stub arms and yawned. He was tired of going back and forth, tired of ships. He was a Lannister, not a bloody Greyjoy. He did not want to live his life crossing this good damn narrow sea. All this coming and going had him cranky, drained and bored.

The dragons could do much faster time than ships, he had urged Daenerys to ride back directly to the Red Keep. He yearned secretly to take king's landing by force, burn it all down with their dragons. Spit at Cersei's face and proclaim himself a Targaryen. Foolish thoughts, his other beautiful targ sister would have none of that. He liked her though, her purple eyes were mesmerizing. It seemed he was fated to have beautiful siblings, but Danny's good strong heart is what made him fall to his knees. She will make a good queen he thought as he enjoyed the fresh salted breeze.

Near the main mast, shaded to the strong light of day by the big wind sail, sat the young white haired girl playing chevate with Victarion. Smiling he watched her a bit, but did not go to her when she waved at him. He was as tired of Krakens as he was of the sea. The Greyjoy always made to prove point that Tyrion was a doll gift to Daenerys. And constantly man handled him to a point that the small Targaryen wanted to burn him down to a crisp, like his father Aerys did to his enemies. He could feel the bile coming up his stomach as he turned away from the couple. At starboard, Arya stood next to the rail facing the calm waters of Westeros coast.

They would soon reach home, Tyrion thought as he strutted towards the girl. This was good Jon would like the news of his sister being alive, that is if the boy was still alive himself. Watching her as he walked, Tyrion thought back to Winterfell, when she first saw her. Arya was a little slip of a girl with her face covered with grime, he remembered that defiant kid. Except now the child had grown, at four-ten she was beginning to get a woman's curves. And nice ones at that, he could not help but think; still not as graceful as her sisters curves. He greeted her, when he got to where she stood and her grey stark eyes pierced through him, like a wild wolf gaze.

Yellowed teeth, but with good red lips and white smooth skin. He is pulled out of his trance, by Arya's mellow steady voice: -'What are you looking at?' Tyrion smirked at her lack of courtesy. He moved to her side and looked over the rail, two hundred ships sailed closed by, he could not say Victarion's fleet was not impressive. Annoyed he did not anwer, but made two questions himself: - 'Are you still no one? And does no one has no courtesies?' He could feel the wolf-girl glaring at his back with hate as she smoothly said:-'Good manners serve for nothing'.

Tyrion laughed rowdily, it took him a minute to stable and turn to look at the young girl face. She would truly make a beautiful woman, her eyes indecipherable. At a mocking tone he said: - 'With the right etiquette and the right name, you can get all the revenge you want at Westeros. No one though, no one serves for nothing'. The girl stared at him unblinking and said: -'No one serves the Faceless God.' Tyrion was worn out of having the same conversation with this girl all the way through their journey. Arya would not grasp the need they had of her family allegiance and how she could benefit from it.

The meaning of their conversation was lost to her heart set on clear vengeance. She would probably find a manner to run away to King's landing by the time they reach the shore. Tyrion could do nothing more, he held the tip of her chin and said: -'I want revenge on the Lannisters too, Arya. Nonetheless, without alliances we can not give them the payback your family deserves.' He turned to leave her, but stopped as she responded: -'Jon is as much as a Stark as me'. He is surprised that she finally grasped the concept, maybe she always had.

Arya was clever to think they could use Jon as an ally to win the North. Daenerys would have to excuse the boy from the night watch though, Tyrion thought. He bowed to the slim Stark girl and made a suggestion: -'At the other side of the vessel you can probably spot Westeros at distance, my lady.' As he walked away, she said: -'I am not a lady, my Lord'. He laughed without turning back, the girl really did get the pleasantries. Tyrion shouted back as he distanced himself from her: - 'Oh, but you are, Lady Stark. Sansa would be proud! We are married you know, me and your sister'.

Suddenly, a muffled sound of a buzz echoed through the deck of the Iron Victory. Land, Tyrion thought as two hundred horns joined in to announce the end of their journey. –'Prepare to Berth' the captain bellowed making his way to the rudder, with Daenerys following close behind. His eyes followed as the pair passed him to climb the stairs to the stern of the ship. Glancing upwards Tyrion could see Raeghal flying in the grey clouded skies not so distantly, he long to be at its back. Taking dips at the sea, while flying directly to dragon stone, that would be a return people would not forget.

The ship gave a lurch as it stopped, and Tyrion was sent sprawling on the floor. Men laughed as he got up. But up at the stern, Daenerys looked worried, the black priest standing near to her appeared concerned also. Therefore, he was glad when his so loved Greyjoy brother-in-law started speaking to his crew: - 'By the light of R'hllor and the Drowned God blessings, we again reach the shore. Soon Westeros will be ruled by Dragons and Krakens. Me and my beautiful woman, Daenerys, together we will conquer all the seas and lands Know to men'. Blah blah blah…Tyron thought, what a megalomaniac freak.

He could no longer endure this man or this speech. As a result he spoke without thinking: –'Gods be good. Bring me some wine please, for all this young love may make me puke. Daenerys will reign not you.' Victarion jumped down, ran to him, grabbed a hold of his neck and raised him up so fast, that Tyrion could not make an excuse. As he began to feel the lack of air, the young queen called out to her future husband: -'Stop this nonsense! I had a husband kill a brother once. And I will not let that happen, not again'. The Greyjoy dropped him instantly.

But before his head hit the wooden floor with a thud, he could see Raeghal descending rapidly from the skies. The dragon moved quickly down the prow and Victarion never saw it, before he was hit by an endless gush of scalding flames. After that, chaos issued all around, some folk where screaming, others throwing themselves over the rail, the ones that worried him were the ones taking up arms. He was not looking at Daenerys as she blew the horn, but he heard it resonate painfully inside his brain. No Wonder Raeghal flew away it hurt like hell. All men and women stopped what they were doing and Tyrion sighed.

They made their way to the shore silently. Daenerys did not cry, she had no love for the iron man. Tyrion knew this, but never tell her so. Now that Victarion was dead, he had no excuse for his ill lucked behavior. As she first stepped in the firm rocky land of Dragon Stone, the queen said her first words to him: -'You shall mind your tongue and train your dragon little brother. We can not have it kill men who suppose to be allies'. The dwarf nodded ashamed, the girl did have a point, the dragon was too protective. Maybe because to Tyrion everyone was a enemy. However, they would run out of subjects and allies if every one he disliked was killed by his green pet.

He needed to tame his dragon, as well as himself. Being the bastard of Aerys the Mad, he could not take any chances of turning crazy homicidal. Daenerys had required him to be her hand and help her rule. It would not do to loose his mind; he had to focus he thought as they mounted their horses. Only few of them would come close to the castle, Dany, Jorah, Selmy, himself and merely two of her blood riders. Daenerys thought it wise to have known Westeros knights accompanying them, instead of foreign unsullied slaves. The two dothraki guarding her would pass unnoticed, for this was a family meeting she said, not a war front.

Tyrion was wary of that, still he could not help but to be happy about meeting Aegon again, now as a Bastard uncle. He hoped the boy did not feel threatened, for blood is thicker. He could see Dany was nervous too, she fretted in her seat and looked fiercely at the nearby castle. He laughed at her, clearly she wanted to run up the castle, but that would not be fit behavior for a Queen. She told him once that she imagined the boy would be the spitting image of prince Rhaegar and be a God King. Tyrion had laughed at her then, looks had nothing to do with the ability to rule. His sister Cersei was living proof of that, but she would be proof only for a short time.

Soon they would have the three dragon riders and thus fulfill the prophecy that Daenerys considered necessary to conquer the Kingdom, he thought as the small party approached the castle entrance. At the main gate, their receiving hosts rested patiently on the back of their horses. One of them in particular, caught Tyrion's eye, a small, good-looking, olive skinned woman, next to Ser Jon Connington. Probably dornish, but before he could say so, Jorah Mormont spoke: -'That is the Sunspear princess, Arianne Martel. You mind her, Khaleesi. Dornish are a fiery and foul tempered people, who will poison you in your sleep for revenge. They could be a powerful ally though.'

Tyrion wondered if they had any resentment towards prince Rhaegar, alas his passionate fixation for Lyanna Stark had brought forth the killing of Elia and her children. He would have been a good king, but his choice for love had ruined the Seven Kingdoms and doomed people to starvation now that winter was here. all of his family. But at least he died in battle, proud and strong as he was. Dany noted on something more dire: - 'We will need to tell her that her brother is dead, but she must not know that it was Rhaegal killed him'. The Martel resentments towards the Dragons would certain be great if they discovered the way Quentyn had perished.

As the horses came to a halt, Lady Martel saluted the queen: -'My Lady Daenerys is a pleasure to finally meet you. Your nephew awaits you.' No queen title in her sentence that will not go well. He turned to look at Dany's face, but she was biting her lip slightly. Is Dwarf to the rescue as always Tyrion thought and proclaimed: -'My Queen, I am sorry to interrupt such a heart warming meeting of Houses, but I do have to take a piss.' Lord Connington urged his horse to the front seeming displeased: - 'I should not have saved you, Yollo. Lannister are not welcomed here.' What about Blackfyres… Tyrion thought, but that could be taken the wrong way so he just smirked.

He opened his mouth and started to retort that Lannisters were more valuable than his dead weight, but Daenerys rolled her purple eyes at him. Mildly talking over him the Queen buffed: -'Enough Tyrion, you are acting like a spoiled child. You will have to excuse him, Lady Arianne. All that time living with Lannisters, my bastard brother seemed to have lost his manners'. The small man smiled at the dornish princess and bowed his head to her. The Connington knight appeared to want to murder him in the spot, but the Martel frowned at him seemed interest by Dany's declaration of his Backfyre claim.

Tyrion could no longer run away into his past, no longer a Lannister, not good enough to be a Targaryen. His fresh start had come the moment he meet Dany and all his future was tied to her. Before the not so friendly Jon could unsheathe his sword, as in cue, their three dragons came into view flying over and taking plunges near the black stoned gargoyles of the Dragonstone castle. As Viserion screeched all of their receiving party looked up in fear, Tyrion could not help but laugh. Daenerys however, took advantage of the moment and said :-'It has been a long journey home, my people await me on the shore. Where can I find my valiant nephew, my dear sister in-law?'

Daenerys was quick to realize, lady Arianne's purpose at this charade. Tyrion was proud of her, he realized then there was nothing in the world he would not do for his sister. A marriage alliance in between Martels and Targaryens would strengthen their claim profusely. Aegon's dornish wife seemed to be pleased as well and sweetly said: -'My future husband is also anxious to get a glimpse of his aunt; we have been waiting for you to have our wedding. He is a busy King though, it is not easy to hold the Stormlands, but he will soon be with us with no doubt. We should go in, this weather is foul'.

Tyrion shared a glance with Daenerys and they nodded to each other. They would enter the Dragonstone castle without an army to defend the Queen, but idiots they were not. Tyrion pulled the dragon horn that was wrapped on his saddle and threw it to Dany. The girl blew it softly, but still the noise was unbearable. It worked though the dragons descended form the grey clouded skies and began to glide over the top of their heads. The small dwarf looked at the white dragon as he called him. Viserion recognized his name and landed loudly on the black rocky floor of the island.

The neighs from the horses showed their fear, as they whinnied and threw about wanting to flee from the great predator, but every rider managed to contain their animals. The white dragon eyed them with curiosity, but remained unmoving. Tyrion was relieved that the horn had worked and Viserion had not attacked on single soul. He dismounted and handed the reins of his horse to Jorah. Jon Connington looked mad of anger and barked: -'What is the meaning of this?' Before he could respond, Danaerys answered: -'This is a gift for my nephew'.

Tyrion smiled and tapped the dragon's back, it purred a little like a giant dangerous cat. In high spirits he added: -'A Targaryen must have a Dragon. Now where is the lad, I promise I will not eat him'. Lord Connigton and Lady Arianne looked at them suspiciously, but proceeded trough the gates of the castle. The small man strode fast beside Viserion, trying to keep up with the dragon. Looking up and around as he went, he was enchanted by the towers of Dragons that surrounded the castle. He spared a glimpse at Daenerys, who seemed just as charmed as him.

Wind blew noisily through the inner walls of the keep. Many knights stood inside gasping horrified at the wonder that was the white and golden dragon. He became aware though, that the dornish lady was speaking. Thus Tyron turned to left and looked under the dragons belly to the direction of her voice. Having already dismounted the girl was holding hands with the young Aegon. The white short hair suited him and so did the red dragon in his black iron chest. He had grown a few inches, Tyron noticed and paid mind to Arianne's voice -'May I present you with your nephew, King Aegon Targaryen, the conqueror reborn'.

Daenerys must be seething with anger, Tyrion thought. This boy could be the son of her brother Raeghar heir to the throne, but she was accustomed to being Queen. He was surprised, when she said: -'Blood of my blood, I am glad that Targaryens rule the Seven Kingdoms once again. Our family has suffer so much from severance, come my King and give your aunt an embrace'. He could see that Daenerys eyes shined with fire of satisfaction as she climbed down of her horse with the help of Ser Barristan. Aegon too seemed pleased by the welcome.

The boy walked straight into Dany's arms, leaving his future dornish wife behind. Maybe he should steal her. Tyrion had not expected this effect, but his own little heart filled with joy. There they were three Dragon Riders, but first Aegon had to prove he had the Blood of the Dragon. Tyrion coughed twice loud enough for them to hear and said: -'Now that the line of succession is settled. I think is adequate to say that it is time for the Targaryen King to have his Dragon'. The boy looked scarred of Viserion, but Daenerys encouraged him: -'Dragons will do no harm to Targaryens, you need to make it bow to you.'

Aegon walked cautiously, one firm step after the other. Tyrion knew he did not want to appear chicken, so the young boy had let go of Dany's hand. He was so close that Viserion could touch him, but the Dragon had yet to move. The small backfyre had ordered built a special kind of saddle to better fit their needs as Dragon riders, so he was anxious for the boy to try it. He decided to incentive the kid: -'You are what you make of yourself, Aegon. The Dragon's name is Viserion, he knows it too'. The dragon had turned his head towards the small dwarf, when he spoke. This was a good one Tyrion thought, the kid was lucky.

He glanced Dany and smiled a bit, she looked worried. At his back, he heard the boy move, he yelled Viseryion and made a run towards the dragons back. Not a second after, Aegon was surrounded by flames as screams erupted all around them.

>