


Previously: The assassin known as the Raven, privately Jane Foster, has finally met up with the man her mentor Hawkeye needed her to find, Thor Odinson. After an intense battle with a squadron of the Queen's Army, the number of Thor's party was drastically reduced, but the remainder was victorious and continued their journey onwards to the rebels' camp.



Now



"Take Gísl to the front with you. I need to be mobile if I'm too keep the Queen's Army off our backs."



Thor did as she'd asked, and a part of her wondered why she trusted him so much as to let him take her horse with him. "I will keep a sharp eye to the horizon," he replied.


As the day faded into dusk, the twelve survivors of the attack made their way swiftly through the remaining woods of Svartalfheim. It was rare to see such thickness of shrubbery in this realm due to the Blight. Thor himself was well-acquainted with the areas afflicted by the disturbing phenomenon, so it was refreshing to see some of the Dark Elves' land with still-flourishing forests.

"It's getting dark out," Thor called out to the Raven, who was at the back of the line of soldiers, flitting about the trees like some sort of forest nymph. "We should make camp soon."

"I agree," she called back before making her way towards him. A flock of small birds took flight from the trees as she passed, the thready flutter of hundreds of fine wings causing her to look up. He was struck again by how beautiful a woman she was—her dark brown hair was loosely coiled and tamed into a loose braid behind her head, exposing a sharp set of cheekbones and the jawline of a high-born. Her tan skin was dappled by the coming moonlight through the trees.

Thor snapped himself out of his embarrassing daze. He had work to do. He addressed his men, "We'll circle up. No fires. Do what you can to stay warm." When the sun set in Svartalfheim, even in summer as they were, it could often result in frost and freezing of branches. It would be a rough night.

"Wait," the Raven interrupted his thoughts, drawing an arrow from her quiver, her eyes fixating on something on their left flank. He tensed towards his axes, but did not make a move for them yet.

Thor walked closer to where she was standing, handing the reins of the horses off to someone as she pointed. He followed her gaze, trying to see what she did; a group of glimmers,
fires
, flickered roughly a hundred meters away. They were barely visible, and Thor turned to the assassin. Her head was tilted slightly, eyes halfway closed.
Listening
, he realized. After a few moments, she replaced her arrow smoothly back into her quiver. "I don't think we'll need to make camp." At his questioning look, she answered, "That's a refugee wave."

"How can you tell?" Thor questioned, apprehension tightening his fists. He'd lost nearly all of his party in his last fight with the Queen's Army. He had no intention of walking straight into another.

"I can hear their voices," she said, and his expression must have read disbelief, because she followed defensively, "You knew Hawkeye. His abilities, while they sometimes appeared superhuman, were nothing more than intense training and focus. He was a great teacher.

"I know it's a refugee wave because the voices are mixed—old, young, humans, elves. No army of Hela's would have such discordance. If their doyen allows it, we'll be able to camp with them. We'll be able to light fires without drawing suspicion."

Her brown eyes were hard to read, but the strong urge in his gut to trust her won out over his suspicion. Thor agreed with her reasoning, and called for the men to move out. He noticed how the Raven protectively snagged Gísl's reins from the hands of one of his men before she joined Thor at the head of the march. The small action made warmth bloom in his chest.

"How many doyens have you met?" the Raven asked as they set out.

Thor shrugged. "Not many. Those I have met have been welcoming."

"I worry, because most of the doyens I know are dead," she replied. "Just because they have a noble profession in leading the refugee waves out of the realm doesn't mean they will be on board with harboring two well-known fugitives as well as ten members of the Rebellion."

"I don't think we have to be concerned about them turning us in, if that's what you're worried about."

"And why don't I have to worry about that?" she asked.

"Nearly the whole of Svartalfheim is vehemently against Hela. Of all the realms in Yggdrasil, the woodworkers and weapons crafters of this realm have been hit the hardest by the Blight. Refugees are flooding north, and Hela has refused to open our borders to them," he said, resentment boiling inside of him. "We have more resources and land than nearly any other realm, yet she hoards it like the dragons of old."

The Raven's countenance fell. "The Queen seems to care for little else but her own agenda."

Thor grimaced. "Asgard is supposed to be a beacon of hope to the world. Hela has twisted it into something else entirely."

"Beacon of hope," the Raven said quietly. "Right."

"You disagree?" Thor asked.

Her jaw clenched. "Let's just say 'hope' isn't the word I associate with Asgard."

"And what is it that you associate with Asgard?" he asked.

She paused and worried her bottom lip between her teeth. "Entrapment," she answered with a finality that closed out their discussion on a tense note, and a heavy silence descended, punctuated by the crunch of leaves and the snap of twigs beneath their feet.

The glow of the fires and the hum of voices was clearer now, and fifty meters of forest remained between them and the refugees.

Thor looked over at the Raven. She wasn't looking at him, nor was she looking ahead at their destination. Her eyes were fixated upon her horse, guilt radiating from her. Gísl, despite the Elven medicine, was not improving with the shape her leg was in. Her limp, while still not as severe as the injury would normally dictate, had grown worse as the day had worn on. Her pace hadn't been affected much, which Thor recognized as a trait of a headstrong, stubborn horse. The Raven had seemingly found a fit match in her equine partner.

"I promise, she's in as little pain as she can be," Thor assured, breaking the silence that had fallen over them.

The Raven was startled at his words, her eyes meeting his. She ran a hand over Gísl's sweating neck. She seemed to choose her words carefully, but they sounded sincere. "I cannot thank you enough for your kindness. Gísl means... she means a lot."

"If it is any comfort, we are only a day or two from our destination. She will not have much further to go."

The Raven responded, "Will you redo your spell on her?"

He nodded. "Aye. Once morning comes, I'll be able to perform it again with no deleterious effects."

Her only response was to nod and smile tightly at him.

They were upon the break now, and only a few more steps would put them outside the trees protection. The Raven replaced her hood and scarf, obscuring her features once again. "Let's pray this doyen is friendly," she murmured as she and Thor broke through the trees.

The clearing was small, but well-shrouded by trees on all sides. The smell of roasted game hung in the air, the heavy, greasy smell making the air thick. The refugees were clustered in family units around their fires in the space; there were no more than thirty individuals in this wave. Many were using bags as pillows upon the hard-packed earth. Parents surrendered cloaks and blankets so that their children and elderly could be warm. Very few of them were sleeping, and they all shot to attention when Thor's party entered the clearing. Men and women alike arose protectively, some hovering over children and elderly, others throwing blankets over their possessions and poising themselves to defend what little they had left.

Thor tried to overlook the suffering, the way that the Raven seemed to as she sought out the doyen. But he couldn't bring himself to do so, his perception narrowing to the frightened, dirty children; the parents who had clearly been skipping meals to feed their families; the face of a desperate Dark Elf woman who gathered her children close to her and stared him down as though only the Norns could wrench them apart; a teenaged human girl shoving two younger siblings behind herself with naught but a stone knife to defend them. No one knew what caused the Blight, but in that moment, Thor felt he could blame Hela for anything.

His preoccupation with blaming his cousin nearly caused him to forget his search for the doyen, and when he refocused himself, he found them immediately as as a tall, armored figure cut through the middle of the group like a canoe through water. Whoever the figure was seemed human, though they had the height of a small Giant. They were clad in armor that looked to be the same Svartalfheim steel his axes were crafted of. It was not a cheap thing to have the dark steel fashioned into weapons and armor, so this doyen was well-off. Their helmet was custom-made in a design he'd never seen before. There were few impractical embellishments that many warriors preferred. Instead, the open-faced helm looked almost Light Elvish with the soft, flowing design reminiscent of water or wind and lacked sharp angles. They carried a large claymore sword of a cheaper metal, but it was no less vicious looking in their hands, as well as one sheathed machete at their side.

"Who goes there?" came a strong feminine voice.

Thor stepped forward, prepared to introduce himself and his party until the Raven beat him to it.

"Brunnhilde!" she cried, tearing off her scarf and hood.

Thor was startled out of his skin at the Raven's sudden cry, even more so to see the wide smile spanning her face. That aside, Thor had heard of this woman. She was the premier doyen of Svartalfheim, credited with leading thousands of her people over the borders, both into Alfheim and battling into the lower regions of Midgard. She was respected and feared in equal measure, and she looked equally as shocked to see the Raven.

She sheathed her sword behind her back and removed her helmet, dropping it to the forest floor before approaching. "Raven! By the Weave, I thought you dead!"

"I thought
you
dead!" the Raven replied, far more gleefully than one would expect given the words she spoke.

Brunnhilde was an impressive woman. She stood taller than Thor himself, and she was as broad and muscular as the finest trained Asgardian warrior. Her dark, ochre skin glowed coppery in the firelight, and her dark eyes were steely but alight with joy. Her curled hair was a wild tumble, barely constrained in a braid that ran down her back. She had to lean down quite a ways to embrace the diminutive Raven, but neither woman showed any discomfort, both grinning wildly.

When they pulled apart, the Raven said, "I'd heard that you were captured and taken to Fort Vladovsk? I know none who have escaped there."

Brunnhilde's smile became smug. "Now you do. Stand down," she called behind her to her people before refocusing on Jane, "These are friends." Her attention turned to Thor and the rest of his men, "And just who have you brought with you? Hawkeye must not be amongst them; I would've heard him long before now."

Thor watched carefully as the Raven seemed to still at the mention of her mentor and his friend, and she shifted her grip on Gísl's reins. Her reticence was gone a moment later. "This is Thor Odinson, and what is left of his accompaniment."

Thor stepped forward, bowing slightly to the doyen. "Your reputation precedes you, milady." There was a subdued chorus of salutes and 'ma'am's from behind him.

"As does yours," she returned. "I know you are not my king, but," she fisted her hand and placed it over her heart in an informal Asgardian salute, "you and your cause have my support."

"The Rebellion is better off knowing you are on our side," Thor said.

She gestured to his men. "Though I am surprised that Yggdrasil's most wanted fugitive and leader of such an important movement would travel with so few guardsmen. Are you as great a warrior as they say?"

"Better," he answered with a prideful smile. He watched with fascination as Brunnhilde looked to the Raven, and when his companion nodded, turned back to face him. "After we liberated the Raven from her Queen's Army pursuers, we were ambushed by a larger force. Had she not been with us," Thor said, looking pointedly at the woman in question, "our casualties would have certainly been greater." The Raven showed no real emotion at his praise, keeping her eyes fixed on Brunnhilde.

The doyen nodded, absorbing the information with an inquisitive expression. "I assume you would like to stay among us for the night," she said.

"Yes," the Raven replied. "We didn't want to risk lighting fires on our own, and we both know the pains of enduring a Svartalfheim night with no fire."

Brunnhilde pursed her lips, and Thor felt worry curl inside him. "You said you were concerned about the Queen's Army pursuing you."

"This is a precaution," the Raven assured, and Thor let her handle the negotiations. As much as the doyen seemed to respect him, she needed assurance from someone she trusted, and that someone was not him. "I haven't seen a single sign of anyone following us since they attacked."

"I have a duty to protect my people," she said, her hand tightening on the hilt of her machete.

"I wouldn't be asking if the need was not dire," the Raven replied. She hesitated before she added, "If it comes to it, I know Thor and his men will gladly fight for these civilians. They are fine warriors."

Brunnhilde responded, "Your Queen's Army shouldn't be in our realm in the first place. How Hela convinced Queen Alflyse to agree to what amounts to a military occupation I will never know. But, in a manner of thought, if I'm sheltering a key member of the Rebellion, then technically I'm still doing what is best for my people, am I not?" Thor felt a grin growing, and he saw one on the Raven's face as well. "As long as Odinson agrees to remove Asgard's military presence from Svartalfheim once he unseats that
lutan
, we will provide you shelter for the night."

Thor was nodding in agreement before she finished her proposal. "You have my word."

"Then the matter is settled. I do ask, however, that your men do not cause any disruptions. There are families here. Children."

"We'll be quieter than mice, milady," Thor assured.

Brunnhilde narrowed her eyes, and Thor saw the woman who struck fear into even the most hardened warrior's heart, who had apparently escaped Fort Vladovsk and lived to tell the tale. "I do not simply mean noise. I know exactly how some men, particularly warriors, can get after they've been on a long march. Have seen a bloody battle. Have long been without the comfort of a warm body."

Thor's jaw clenched, but he knew her accusation wasn't unfounded. "I hold myself and my men to the highest of standards. Disobedience in that regard is followed by swift retribution, rest assured."

Finally, Brunnhilde appeared satisfied. "Set up camp wherever you like."

As the ten began to move to swiftly and silently do so, the Raven responded, "Thank you, Brunnhilde."

"When did you split off with Hawkeye?" she asked then. "Last I saw the two of you, you were attached at the hip."

Thor watched the Raven's lips thin, her posture going rigid beneath her cloak. "Months ago, now." She said it quietly, like a prayer. "It wasn't by choice."

Brunnhilde stiffened. "He didn't... He wasn't—"

"You know him. He never would've let that happen."

Many words hung unspoken between the two women. "I'm sorry I wasn't there. Even if I couldn't have done anything, at least you wouldn't have been alone."

The Raven smiled again, tightly this time with a falseness to it that Thor hadn't seen in her first. "I have no problem with being alone. And you have your duty. I respect that and do not begrudge you for it."

For what was not the first time and likely wasn't the last, Thor wondered again what had happened between her and Hawkeye. He hadn't seen the man he knew both as Clint Barton and as Hawkeye in over a year, around the time when the Rebellion discovered the clandestine, nefarious doings of his wife Natasha. Things had veritably exploded after that, and Clint had left the Rebellion proper and struck out on his own, seeking answers Thor hadn't been sure Clint was going to find.

Excusing herself from the conversation after that, the Raven stalked off toward the perimeter of the clearing, hands twitching and shoulders set.

Thor and Brunnhilde came to stand shoulder to shoulder as they watched her go. Brunnhilde disclosed quietly, "She is strong, Odinson, but I'm concerned about her."

He turned, looking up to meet the doyen's eyes. "I'm surprised you trust me enough to tell me this."

Brunnhilde chuckled once, without any real mirth. "A doyen learns quickly to become a good judge of character. Also," she turned her gaze back towards the Raven, who was now tracing the perimeter, eyes to the forest, "I trust the Raven's judgement. She trusts you, whether she wants to or not."

"I assume she doesn't do that often."

She nodded. "You assume correctly."

"Can I ask how it is that you came to know her?"

As if settling back into an old storytelling chair, Brunnhilde leaned back on her heels and relaxed. "She did not make herself easy to know. But I met her, both of them, near the bay of Luzcendra just outside of Alfheim. She and Hawkeye were skinny little scraps, their arms barely larger than the breadth of their arrows. They'd just been through the largest Blighted area of Svartalfheim and were a few days from becoming ash themselves when I found them. I fed them for a few days, but then they hung around after that like a couple of strays. We ran together for a while; I learned it was their first time in Svartalfheim, so I showed them safer routes through the Blight, and they added extra security to my waves and gave me new ways to dodge the border patrols into Midgard.

"We were good for a long time. It was only months, but you experience time differently when your realm is falling apart at the seams and Yggdrasil's branches are dying with each passing day. Hawkeye was—they were very different. He wasn't open, exactly, but he didn't hide his intentions. I knew about his desire to find his wife, talked about her whenever he had the chance, annoying git," she said with no real bite, "But the Raven is gifted with the ability to talk much while saying little."

"Talking
much
?" he asked in surprise. He hadn't known her for long, but he'd noticed her reticence rather quickly.

Brunnhilde gave him a knowing look. "She favors remaining tacit in new company. Her mentor preached constant observation, and listening silently is a good way to do that."

"Sound strategy."

"She is a sound strategist," Brunnhilde remarked drily. "She will help the Rebellion if she stays."

"That is what I've heard."

The doyen turned fully to face him, and he copied her actions. "It has been a pleasure meeting you, Thor Odinson. When you ride to victory, Asgard will be in good hands."

He swallowed heavily. "The pleasure has been mine, Doyen Brunnhilde."

Though the timing made it seem to be an afterthought, she said it as though the entire conversation had led up to it, "She does not give her trust easily. After what I expect happened to Hawkeye, she—" Brunnhilde takes a collecting breath. "Make her talk. She thinks she's invincible and can hold in her emotions forever within herself, but that's no way to live."

Without saying anything further, Brunnhilde split off to tend to her people, leaving Thor to make certain of the condition of his own men.

It wasn't that much later that he found himself drifting towards the Raven once again. The sun had set, and the full moon was rising on the horizon. The temperature hadn't plummeted yet, but it had fallen to a low enough point that Thor had thrown his cloak over his shoulders. Then he'd found the Raven, sitting away from everyone and far from the warmth of a fire. She'd knotted Gísl's reins to a branch, but the horse showed no signs of running off as she leaned against the tree, head drooping low to sleep. Much more alarming was the fact that the Raven didn't seem to be affected by the cold. She had taken off her own hooded cloak and removed her scarf, and she didn't seem to be making any moves to start a fire. Her face was set in deep contemplation.

"How are you not chilled to the bone?" he asked as he approached, breaking her concentration.

She shrugged, "Wasn't really thinking about it." He watches as she pulls her arms around herself, seemingly aware of the temperature now that he's mentioned it. He had the deep urge to share his cloak with her which he tamped down immediately.

He sat down next to her, and he noted that she was careful to maintain the physical distance between them. "You know, when I heard that you had a message for me, I had assumed that you and Hawkeye would come together, or at the very least had planned a rendezvous point."

The Raven didn't seem amused by his observation. "You and many others, apparently."

"I do not mean to disparage your individual ability," he was quick to assure, "but I am curious to know how it just became you. Clint and I were friends, I would've liked to see him again."

"His name was Clint?"

"You did not know?"

She shook her head. "Was one of his rules. One of the first things he did when I met him was tell me to give myself a new name."

"You chose the Raven," Thor stated, half-heartedly hoping that this line of questioning would lead her to reveal her true name to him.

"Seemed appropriate." She didn't elaborate.

Deciding to try a new angle, Thor said, "I'll make a deal with you. Every time you answer one of my questions, I'll answer one of yours. Whoever passes has to see to the obnoxious task of starting the fire. Normally there's alcohol involved in this game, but I'm willing to make an exception." He winked, partly out of sheer habit but also because he wanted to see her respond to his flirting again.

Similar to before, she seemed oblivious until his wink, and then she blinked with a slightly shocked look on her face. "What makes you think I want to know anything about you?"

"You do," he assured, hoping he's read her correctly. "Now's your chance. So... Deal?"

After a long enough time for Thor to stop doubting his decision and instead begin to worry how she was going to harm him for his suggestion, she answered, "Deal, but I go first."

"Fair enough."

"How did you know Hawkeye? And for how long?"

"One question at a time," he replied. "I knew him also as Clint Barton. He and his wife were founding members of the Rebellion. They were on the Council long before I even knew there was a Rebellion being formed. I haven't seen him in over a year, not since everything happened with Natasha. Now it's my turn," he said, looking at her in contemplation. She met his eye in challenge, arching one brow primly at him.

He knew she wouldn't answer about her name. Maybe if his flask wasn't empty for this game, he could ask her once her tongue had been loosed by the liquor, but he didn't want it to come to that. "Where are you from?"

She hadn't been expecting that question, but she answered it regardless, "Midgard. New York." She'd always sounded like she was from Midgard, but he hadn't picked up on any sort of the accent unique to that part of the province. "Why did you help Gísl?"

"Because I also have a horse that is too precious to me to lose," he answered simply. "It's worth the slowed pace to not forget one's capacity for mercy. How many battles had you fought before today?" He wondered how many times she'd had to fight like he'd seen today.

She hesitated strongly. It looked like she was going to answer before she reached for one of the sticks of firewood and began to peel the bark off. He hadn't anticipated that. She tossed the fine, dusty inner bark into a pile as she leaped into the next question without hesitation. "Science or magic?"

He laughed a bit at her wording, reminding him of silly choice games he and Loki once played as a child. "Why not both? I understand the dynamics of the tension between the scientists and the magicians, but I'm of the belief that magic and science are one and the same thing. Yourself?"

Her fingers kept working the bark off the logs as she answered, "Science. I prefer concrete answers to blind faith. How was it that you came to know who I was?"

"Word of mouth. After Hawkeye dropped off the map, you made quite the name for yourself. Tales of your exploits against the Queen's Army have fueled many of our recent recruits' desires to join the Rebellion. I should thank you for that." Her fingers stumbled across the log at that, and she began to bite her lower lip again. He decided to move on quickly. "You said you didn't like blind faith. Are you religious?"

She shook her head vehemently. "No. My apologies if you are. My—um, my family practiced Singularity," she said as though the words were being dragged out of her. He had a feeling she hadn't meant to include the bit about her family, but he didn't interrupt. "So I tend to say 'God' more than most. I never bought into Singularity or the Word of the Skalds. I just find it hard to believe that there's one omnipotent being beyond our understanding that knows everything, or that three old women are up in the sky spinning the fate of the world into a Weave." She began on the next log. "Why do you obey the parameters set by your banishment? Norns know you could easily make it back into Asgard."

He remembered the screams of terror, the crunch of bone and gush of blood, remembered Loki's hands pulling him back, but it was too late— "Pass," he answered tensely, taking the wood from her and taking up the task of stripping the inner bark and adding to the pile.

When he did not ask another question for some time, the Raven spoke up, "I'm sorry if I—I'm sorry I asked that question. I'll just—I'm going to check the perimeter." She reached for her bow and quiver where it lay against the log behind them, but he caught her wrist.

"It's okay. Truly, you did no harm," he assured. "I was simply trying to think of another question that you would answer." If that wasn't the complete truth, she needn't know. Her eyes were fixated on her hand, and he didn't understand why until he realized he was still holding onto her. Releasing her quickly, he finally asked with a cheeky grin on his face, "What's your favorite color?"

She huffed a little laugh that seemed to surprise her as much as him, and it only made the grin on his face widen. "Blue. Yours?"

"Red."

"Color of your house. Fitting, I suppose. I imagine your favorite animal is also an eight-legged horse to correspond to your coat of arms?"

Thor chuckled. "You have knowledge of my house, moreso than a commoner." He watched in despair as she seemed to shut down, but he was still determined. "Were you educated?"

Obviously tempted to pass on the question, her eyes lingered on the stripped log in his hands. "Not in the political sciences," she answered, "And I always hated Royal Lineage Studies. No offense," she offered.

"None taken. I had much the same reaction in my own schooling, and it was my own family we were discussing." They had amassed a significant pile of thin, papery bark now, so he took his flint out of his pocket. As he struck the two stones together, he wondered just how much education she had. "What did you study?"

"Ah, I believe it's my turn to ask the question," she pointed out. "The Rebellion... in all honesty, what are its chances of succeeding?"

The stones struck true, sending a shower of hot sparks into the bark. Several of them found purchase, beginning to glow. Thor blew gently on the tiny embers, then added small sticks to their fledgling flame as he responded, "Slim. But so long as there is life in my breast I plan to fight. Now," he said with no small amount of delight, "What did you study?"

She smiled at his expression, handing him larger pieces of wood as their fire began to grow in size. "Science. Physics, to be exact."

"I'm going to be honest," he said, "I did not expect that." Physics were a very new branch of scientific inquiry, sometimes seen as a fool's fancy beside the reality-grounded life or earth sciences. Magicians, on the other hand, simply hated it as physicists often attempted to break down magical spells into scientific equations.

"Why?" she asked tersely, "Because a woman has no place in science? That she should be at home mending linens and having children?"

They sounded like arguments she'd heard before, and that saddened him. "No, because you seem far too practical a person to study such a thing."

His observation was apparently so funny to her that she'd doubled over in laughter before he could add another log to the fire. His shock of her emotive reaction aside, he felt a contagious grin spread across his face. "What did I say?" he asked.

"I'm sorry," she eventually stammered out, "but someone I knew
always
told me otherwise." She let out another few errant chuckles before taking a deep breath. "But she's gone now, so..."

"I'm sorry," he offered, hoping to assuage the melancholic look that had come across her face.

The fire began to warm his hands, and he watched as her eyes tracked the red and orange flames. Her hands reached towards the flames, her skin pale with the cold. "It's of no consequence. It's in the past." She switched subjects quickly, asking, "How much longer until we arrive at your camp?"

"We're close," he said, glancing up at the stars to ensure his report. "No more than a day. Likely less."

"You know how to use the stars to navigate?" she inquired, sounding far more interested than she had in anything else he'd said thus far. The fire was adequately started, the flames crackling through the dry tinder, so Thor took the chance to sit back down next to her.

"Yes. I learned as a boy in school, but the lesson wasn't truly learned until I was banished and forced to use it."

He thought that it might be an avenue into learning more about her than the game had afforded him, but she remained quiet and contemplative until his eyes began to droop.

"You should sleep," she told him. "They need to see their leader strong."

He wanted to argue, but he found that he had no ground to stand on for an argument, so he mumbled a goodnight and headed for the circle of his men where a space had been reserved for his bedroll.

Before he got too far away, he turned back towards the Raven. "You should sleep as well."

Even though she responded with an "I will," he didn't quite believe her.

When he awoke in the morning, she was already awake and asking about the follow up spell for Gísl's leg. He performed it easily, the words and actions second nature by now, and he watched her carefully. He found he couldn't tell whether she'd heeded his words and rested, or if she'd done what his gut told him she did and stayed up all night with her bow and arrow at the ready.

They set off towards camp after the Raven shared a tender goodbye with Brunnhilde. The Raven told her to avoid the Pass of the Leviathan into Midgard for the next few weeks because soldiers were using it until the early summer flooding on the Claidh Peninsula went down. Brunnhilde told her to avoid the Serpent Bering through the Blight as spring storms had left it awash with ash and completely useless indefinitely.

They parted as allies, and Brunnhilde was sure to give him one last Asgardian salute as she followed the last of her people disappearing through the trees.


They spotted the sentries long before they saw the encampment. The structure upon which they stood was square, taller than most of the trees surrounding it, and decorated with the tenements of the house of Odin—red banners emblazoned proudly with the stylized eight-legged horse of Odin's crest. Oddly, Jane thought they'd be less obvious about their allegiance, but, she supposed, they were no longer within the borders of the Realm Eternal, so there was no real reason to hide it.

The sentries hollered some sort of call, and when Thor bellowed his own back, Jane finally heard some semblance of words being called from the sentries: "The Prince has returned!"

"Thor is back!"

The loud sentiments echoed backwards, and their small party followed the cadence of the voices until the reached the camp proper.

The rebel encampment was exactly what Jane had expected. Small, well camouflaged, and clearly built to be taken down in a hurry. Despite the fact that it was built in a clearing, most of the open space had been reserved for military training grounds. Dummies made of wood and sandbags with painted on targets played antagonist to small contingents of soldiers who were clearly on the raw side of the soldiering spectrum. Aspiring knights performed sloppy sword slashes that would get themselves killed more easily than it would take down an opponent; those that learned bows held them too tensely, pulled the strings far too tightly to the wrong anchor point; there was a long stretch of grass set aside where mounted soldiers practiced battling unmounted foes with unbalanced thrusts of their pikes. Above the din of the swords and bows, she could hear the demanding voices of the lieutenants, threatening their pupils with violence and shame if they didn't improve.

She noticed Thor looking eagerly over the crowd of soldiers, but apparently not finding what or who he was looking for.

Since the clearing had been reserved for training space, most of the camp had been built into the forest. Canvas tents were moored upon and constructed around trees, some larger than others. She couldn't see every tent, as they extended further into the forest than her eye could see.

Every horse except for her own in the party had been piled high with armor and weapons pilfered from the Queen's Army, so when Thor dismissed the soldiers, he sent all of them to the armory. He even handed off the reins to his black stallion to one of them, a man she believed was called Sig. She figured Thor must trust him if he's going to be handing his horse to him—then she realized she'd have to do exactly the same.

"I believe I promised you a vet," Thor said, apparently reading her mind again. She merely nodded in response. "Come with me," he said brusquely, leading her deeper into camp.

The forest cast dark shadows upon the tents, and Jane could see the lights of many fires to combat the darkness. She wrinkled her nose. "So many fires?"

"We use mainly use fireholes to reduce our smoke and light signature. We have some magic-users who have charms to hide fires, but they're at the base camp. We can't risk taking them on these field missions." When a soldier stopped to salute him, he asked, "Is Wanda around?"

He eagerly replied, "Yes, sir, in her tent, sir."

Thor added, "Tell the Commander and the others that I've returned, and I have the Raven with me. Once we've delivered this horse to Wanda, we'll be along."

The soldier's eyes bugged out as he looked at Jane. "Y-yes, sir. They'll have heard of your return by now and likely be waiting in the war room. Sir."

He thanked and dismissed the young soldier and gestured for Jane to follow him. Her fingers tightened around Gísl's reins, and her horse began to work the bit, feeling her rider's tension.

"Never have I seen someone with a touch for every creature as Wanda has," Thor told her as they approached a large tent with no flap over the entrance. "You can trust her."

She shouldn't be feeling her tension dissipate at his assurance, and while it didn't release, the knot loosened in her gut against her will. Inside the high-roofed tent were stalls of various size. They were collapsable, the frames made of light Wakandawood for ease of transport and canvas to separate the patients.

There was one other horse in the tent, a small, gray pony with it's head drooped to the ground. Jane wondered what was wrong with it.

"Tetanus," came a voice from behind her. Jane turned to see the woman who must be Wanda approaching her. "The rust sickness," she clarified unnecessarily, "Poor thing got scratched by one bad nail, and he ends up here with me." She turned to Thor, "It's good to see you well after your travels, my friend."

As Thor wrapped the small woman in a friendly embrace, Jane observed the vet who would be taking care of Gísl. Dressed in heavy leathers, her refined musculature was disguised. Her deep maroon jacket seemed more of a personal statement than an oath of fealty to Odin's house; she wore her Odinson red in the form of a cloth cuff around her bicep. She had a round jaw and face, her cheekbones lost in the gentle swells. Her eyebrows were thick and primly arched over large eyes, and she wore heavy red pigment highlighting full lips but no other makeup. She could've been the very definition of an average face, but when she pulled back from Thor with a smile, Jane saw some kind of spark in her gaze. Some sort of magical quality that made her seem trustworthy if disconcerting.

"Your meeting with Alflyse went well?" Wanda asked, her accent wrapping around the vowels in a way Jane had never heard before.

Thor's smile didn't drop, but he answered, "It was complicated. Perhaps we can talk about it later. This is my friend, the Raven," Thor introduced, and Jane was offset by his calling her 'my friend,' "and the magnificent beast at her side is Gísl."

Wanda smiled politely at Jane but went straight for Gísl, murmuring to her in a heavy, lilting language. "She's in pain," she said quietly, but it sounded like what she truly wanted to say didn't quite translate into the Alltongue. "What happened to her?"

"Arrow to the hock," Jane answered curtly before asking, "Can you help her?" The desperation in her voice was plain, she knew, but at this point she didn't much care.

Wanda still didn't meet her eyes, walking alongside Gísl until she reached the wound. A sharp intake of breath from the strange vet made Jane wince.

"I can try, Raven," Wanda replied, "but I no longer make any promises I cannot keep."

A sudden red energy bloomed from Wanda's hands over the still dressed wound. Jane nearly went for her sword, to hell with what Thor had told her, but Gísl did not startle, only relaxed into Wanda's ministrations.

"You have magic," Jane breathed, relaxing away from her weapon and feeling rash for jumping to conclusions.

Wanda nodded, still focused on the task at hand. "I was born with gifts. I used them to fight, once." The magic was unlike anything Jane had ever seen, the red energy flowing like the Aurora in the sky as her hands shifted over the wound. "But I've found better use for them than to wreak havoc and death."

A small commotion by the entry made Thor and Jane turn. "Begging your pardon, sir, madams," came the voice of the same soldier they'd passed on their way to Wanda's tent, "But Commander Sif has requested your presence immediately."

Jane's eyes returned to Wanda, who sent her a smile that was meant to be reassuring. It didn't quite settle her unease, but it seemed she could trust the woman enough to leave Gísl in her care. "I will care for her in your stead, Raven," Wanda promised. "You needn't worry about her while you are away."

She took a breath before handing the reins to Wanda. As the worn leather slipped through her fingers, Jane forced herself to stay calm. Thor kept telling her Wanda could be trusted, and from what Jane had seen, she had no reason to doubt his claim. Gísl seemed relaxed and calm, even as Jane stepped away. With a difficulty she wouldn't admit, she turned away and didn't look back as she strode out of the tent.

With Thor at her side, they made their way deeper into the woods to the structure evidently called the war room. It was just as large as the tent they'd just left Wanda tending to Gísl in, but inside the entrance the atmosphere alone was enough to differentiate the two.

A group of twelve people in various states of armament stood around a large table holding various maps and sundry items like compasses and rulers.

It didn't take Jane long to decipher who the leader was as the Rebel leaders turned to face them. They parted around her like the wake of a boat, and while their eyes might be glued to their prince, their bodies gravitated around this woman.
This must be the infamous Commander Sif
, Jane figured. She'd heard of the pale-skinned, raven-haired woman long before she'd become Commander of the Rebellion's forces. No, she'd heard of Sif Valdottir back when she'd just been engaged to Donald. The adopted daughter of one of the most prominent noble families in Asgard, her very existence had been a constant source of entertainment for those of noble birth. With her actions constantly scrutinized, the realm had been in uproar when she joined Asgard's military. Possibly even more uproarious was the very public, vocal support given by her brother Heimdall, a preeminent sorcerer for the Royal Family.

Jane really only knew what she'd heard during conversations at parties, and when she heard many of the same insults tossed at Sif about her burgeoning military career that Jane had had hurled her way in her education, she felt a sort of kinship form with the other woman.

"Lieutenants," Sif commanded, and many of the group snapped immediately to attention, "Leave us."

"Yes, ma'am," they responded in unison. Nine of those individuals flooded out of the war room, leaving one man and two women in addition to the Commander.

"Thor," Sif greeted, fisting a hand over her heart. Her tone was a sharp contrast to the one she'd just used. This was friendly and warm, and Thor returned her greeting in kind.

"Sif."

She walked out from behind the large table, giving the Raven a look at her armor. She was of the house of Rig, and the dark maroon color of the house embellished her stylized silver armor. Her skill with the double sided sword was legendary, and the famed weapon was sheathed behind her back. The second blade was hidden away, and Jane was curious about how she'd constructed such a weapon. Her Odinson red was woven into the gauntlet on her left hand. "And you must be the Raven."

"I am," she answered.

Sif hummed in acknowledgement. "Your reputation precedes you. And as much as I'd like to discuss that reputation at length, you must share with us the message you have." Sif retreated back behind the table, inviting she and Thor to join them. "The four rebel leaders here are Fandral, former Lieutenant for the King's Army," Sif pointed to a man with copper hair, pale skin, and a leery grin. His armor was embellished with fur and velvet, his red in the form of a cuff on his bicep.

"Fandral the Dashing, if you will," he added, and Jane did not miss the salacious wink he threw in her direction. Something that made her feel silly and warm when Thor did it made her rather annoyed when it came from Fandral.

Regardless, Jane nodded to him and followed Sif's next introduction, "Next to him is Hoder Vilidottir, political scholar and warfare strategist." The woman in question was not nearly as armored as Sif. She wore mail, but over that her breastplate and gauntlets were leather, decorated not with the royal blue of the house of Vili but with only a red cloth around her wrist. She had warm, sepia brown skin, and her infamous corkscrew curls were tamed into tight rows of braids against her scalp. The rest of her hair was contained in a plait down her back. Hoder favored her with a welcoming smile, one that started to set her at ease.

"And this is Sigyn Fidel of the First River Clan, former Alfheim ambassador to Asgard." Of the small gathering of people, Sigyn looked the youngest. All she wore were training leathers, and unlike her companions at the table, she didn't appear armed. Her red was woven into the belt at her waist. She had light russet skin, and eyes so dark her pupil was nearly lost. Though she appeared the youngest, her eyes were the most haunted. Perhaps she wasn't as adept at hiding it yet. She wore her dark brown hair loose, spilling over her shoulders.

"Before we discuss Alflyse," Sif said to Thor before turning to Jane, "What was it that Hawkeye was so determined for us to hear?"

Jane noted carefully how Fandral's face quickly fell to a deep scowl. "Why should we care about anything that traitor has to say?" he said. "As a matter of fact, where is our dear Hawkeye? Why did he not come to deliver this message himself?"

Whatever ease Hoder had managed to coax out of her was gone in an instant. She felt the eyes of everyone upon her, and despite the emotion rising in her throat, she managed to reply steadily, "He didn't make it through the First Equinox."

"What happened?" asked Sigyn, her gentle voice matching her physical demeanor.

She gritted her teeth. "Queen's Army ambush. He gave himself up so that I could run. Even if he managed to survive, he wouldn't—" She cut herself off with a heavy swallow. "He never would have let himself be taken alive."

A silence fell over the gathering. Beside her, she could practically feel Thor's tension from his place beside her. If she met his eyes, she had a feeling she'd see far more sympathy there than she deserved. Her eyes returned to Sif instead. "We will have our time and place to mourn him," she said.

Fandral scoffed, and Hoder cuffed him
hard
on the back of the head. "We must focus on what he left behind for us," she insisted. "He would've wanted it that way."

"Hoder is correct. Raven," Sif said, "You have the floor."

This was easy. This was what her mission was since the day they made the discovery. "We managed to uncover that Hela has been making secret trips to Muspelheim, and she has been meeting directly with Surtur."

Sigyn was the only one who audibly gasped, but from the expressions of the faces of the rest of them, they all had been close to it.

"Are you sure about this?" asked Fandral. "If what you say is true, then the Rebellion is doomed—"

"Don't jump to conclusions," Hoder snapped sharply. "Muspelheim has been a neutral power for hundreds of years. Why would they change now?"

"Yes, I am sure," Jane cut in, answering Fandral's query. "We saw her party riding into Muspelheim ourselves."

"Then how do you know she was meeting with Surtur? No world leader has seen him in generations. It's rare that they let an outsider through their borders, let alone hold several political meetings within them. The Synod has always extended political curtesy in his stead," Sigyn said, "but they refuse to participate in Yggdrasil's politics."

"We had a source on the inside," Jane answered smoothly, refusing to fidget under their intense scrutiny.

Fandral scoffed again. "A
source?
How utterly convenient." Jane felt anger rising up in her and clenched her jaw to hold back the raging words that were sure to come out as he continued, "How can we trust a single word coming out of her mouth? Perhaps the taint of Natasha Romanoff extended further than we—"

"Do not speak of her like that," Thor snapped, finally breaking his silence. "We do not know the full story of why she did what she did. I'd prefer not to speculate and invent a verdict she did not deserve." Fandral looked suitably chastened, though it didn't brighten his countenance. He looked like he was about to respond, but wisely closed his mouth. Thor leaned forward onto the table, resting his weight into his arms. "We are going to operate under the assumption that the Raven's intelligence is good."

Hoder copied her cousin's stance against the table. "Okay, how many times has Hela met with Surtur?"

"As far as we know," Jane answered, "Hela met with the Synod twice before she was granted permission to meet with him. She's only talked to Surtur once, and that was six months ago."

"Six months ago," Sigyn murmured in contemplation. "Sif, do we have the Queen's Army Census Record from last year? Around the time when she would've been meeting with Surtur."

Wordlessly, Sif combed through the maps and documents in front of her until she found what she was looking for and slid it over to Sigyn. "What are you thinking?"

Sigyn took the document, her eyes scanning over it as she spoke, "It's something I remember... A while back, there was a sudden swell in the number of soldiers being impressed into military service, and we couldn't figure out why—here it is," she interrupted herself, placing the document back down on the table, tapping a section with her pointer finger. "The increase in numbers started taking place seven months ago. It increased exponentially five months ago."

"So she bolsters her military force after she made an alliance with one of the most powerful races in the realms?" Fandral wondered.

"If that was indeed what she was there to do," Hoder suggested. "Look, this information will help us, but only to a certain extent. We don't know whether Hela was looking for military backing, or a financial ally, or any number of possibilities. We need to know what went on in that meeting. Raven," she asked, "do you still have connections with your contact?"

"It was Hawkeye's contact, not mine. And they knew me, but I would need to be inside Muspelheim to get word to them. That is, if they're even still alive."

All eyes in the room turned to Sif. She wore a look of dejected contemplation. "We are stuck between a rock and a hard place. We don't send you in, we blunder around in the dark. We do, we risk sparking a conflict with one of the world's most powerful realms, one that hasn't fought a war in thousands of years."

"Sif is right," Thor admitted, the entire table turning towards him. "It's high risk whichever course we decide."

Jane took a deep breath before offering, "There may be high risk, but I might be able to get us the possibility of a high reward should we try to get into Muspelheim."

Thor looked intrigued. "And how do you plan to do that?"

"Well, I have this friend. Well," she amended, "more of an acquaintance. His name is Bruce Banner, and if I'm right..." She took another cleansing breath. "He could get us a meeting with Surtur."


Then


Cynicism was never one of Jane Foster's primary personality traits, but a month on the run from the Queen's Army and constant fear of being spotted by a Queensagent who may recognize her face had done much to change her. She was in the southern, sparsely populated regions of Midgard. She'd tried to cross the border like Ian had told her to do, if tried could be defined as riding to the border, realizing just how many patrols there were, and turning back around.

She'd had to sell Toivo a week and a half ago because she needed the money to buy food. Turns out, she was pretty bad at this whole "being on the run" thing. She'd rationed her food as well as she could, but the simple fact was that she didn't have enough of it. She didn't dare try to get a job or do something to get money lest someone recognize her face as one of the many faces that hung on the Wanted By The Queen posters.

The first one she'd seen had been on the Waiting List in Mexico City and had sent her into a panic that had her fleeing the city before she could even think about trading for or buying some supplies. It was like something she'd read in those fairy tales when she was a kid—the face of the evil villain that the hero would study for hours on end until they brought the evil-doer to justice. She remembered sitting in her mother's lap, hearing her read the hero's tale in a gentle, soothing voice that eased her into sleep.

She winced just thinking about it.

Her feet were raw and blistered from having to walk in shoes fit more for riding than anything else, and the pack she carried was getting too light. Too light in money, (she hadn't gotten nearly as much for Toivo as she should have. She'd just been desperate, and it showed. When the smarmy tradesman had made her an offer, she'd immediately taken it, using the money to buy herself a warm meal and a bed for the first time in weeks.), in food, in supplies.

She sat down a little ways from the bustling marketplace. It was summer, and though it was only the beginning of the growing season, many of the stands were already bursting with fresh fruits and vegetables. It was a splash of vibrant color, greens, reds, purples, oranges, against the monotonous dirt and wood of the town.

She couldn't take her eyes off of it, all that beautiful food... Her stomach growled loudly. She twisted her hands into her cloak, hoping that the hunger pangs would pass.

That was when her eye caught something—a teenaged boy, no older than fifteen, slipped past a fruit stand, sliding some apples into his pocket. He was a good thief, his sleight of hand almost invisible, his posture completely at ease. It all seemed to be going off without a hitch; she was happy for this street boy. He would have food tonight. Maybe he had siblings, she guessed, and perhaps that's why he took so many apples. She liked the novelty of the thought.

Until it started to go wrong.

His coat pocket ripped, sending half of the apples tumbling visibly into the street. The bright red now made Jane's stomach invert as the street boy's face dropped, his body tensing to run.

"Thief!" the stand owner shouted. "Someone stop him!"

It was happening so fast, one second the boy looked like he was going to run, and the next, Hela's knights were swarming, four, five, six of them converging upon the skinny, hungry child.

"What have we here? A thief, you say?" asked one of them.

They searched the rest of is pockets at the owner's prompting, finding the rest of the stolen apples. "Come on, street rat scum," one said as the forced his arms behind his back.

Jane's hands started to tremble as he stumbled with their pace.

"Keep up, boy." He was yanked harshly to his feet.

There was red creeping in on her vision. Her fists clenched, knuckles white and nails biting crescents into her skin. Jane stood and followed.

The dragged him into an alley. Jane hid herself behind a wall of a building, but still peeked around the corner. The knights had shoved the kid against the building, surrounding him inescapably. "I'll pay for the apples. Please, just let me go."

"Then why didn't you pay in the first place, thief?"

"Do you know how they used to punish thieves? They'd cut off their hands so they could never steal again," one of them said. He drew his shortsword, running the tip of it threateningly across one of the boy's wrists. "What do you think? Would you steal again if we chopped off these hands?"

Jane could see the boy trying to be brave, but his eyes screamed fear as he jerked his hand away from the blade. "I won't steal anymore, I swear. I'll leave town, I'll do anything, please, just don't—" One of the knights punched him in the stomach. They
laughed
as he doubled over with a pained, terrified sob.

There was the red, her hands ceasing their trembling as they ran on pure
rage.
She drew her bow and arrow from beneath her cloak faster than she knew she was capable.

She loosed an arrow into the hand that held the shortsword. The owner of the hand screamed, his sword dropping to the ground, and the knights turned on her.

"Leave. Him. Alone," she commanded.

"You fucking whore!" cried the one whose hand she'd shot.

"This fucking whore," she spat as she nocked another arrow, "will take all of you down if you lay another hand on him."

They weren't intimidated. Her adrenaline surged as three of them charged, two staying behind to hold the boy. She fired her next arrow into a leg, felling one of the men. She'd barely nocked her second arrow when they were upon her. Their hands were strong as they wrenched at her arms.

She managed to let off the arrow into one of their feet, but she knew it was a losing battle.

She growled in rage as the last of the three peeled her fingers off her bow, and it fell to the ground. She writhed her body hard, raged cries slipping from between her teeth as he dragged her back to where the other two stood, holding the boy who was looking at her with wide, awed eyes.

She nearly managed to free herself from the knight's grip when she threw her head backwards, connecting solidly with his nose by complete accident. The impact probably hurt her as much as it had hurt him, but she wasn't going to take it for granted. She turned back for her weapon, her quiver still strung at her hip, but her hands were caught again and she was plowed backwards into the building wall, mere feet from the kid who she'd been trying to save.

Her vision was filled with the face of a knight whose nose was beginning to bleed. "Who do you think you are?" he demanded, speckles of blood and spit flying from his mouth in his vehemence. "I should kill you for that. Or maybe I can let my men go a few rounds with you first," he hissed then. "It's been so long since they've had a woman. You're a pretty thing, too." He ran a sickening finger down her cheek, down her neck.

Her rage was dying fast, being replaced by fear, but not so much that she couldn't protest. She bucked again, straining against the hold he had on her. She cried out as he grabbed her hair, pulling on it to make her look up.

He was about to say something else, she was sure, but with her chin forced into the air, she watched as a figure dropped from the roof.

She barely saw what he did. This figure was a human, a man, and he moved like some sort of whirlwind. He took out the knight holding her first, a flurry of fists and well placed hits, and while she didn't register much, she heard the sickly snap of neckbones as he felled each opponent.

The first thing she heard him say was, "You don't get to leave." She saw to what he was referring. The three she'd managed to injure had tried to beat a hasty retreat out of the alley.

They were all dead within the minute, arrows through the eyes. Wait, arrows? She noticed then a quiver on his back, a collapsed recurve bow attached to it. Her plucked her arrows out of the bodies, bringing them back over to where she and the boy stood stock still against the building.

When he made his way back over to them, he met the eyes of the street boy first. "What's your name, kid?"

"P-Peter," he stammered. "My name is Peter."

With his hands covered in blood, their impromptu savior didn't lack any intimidation when he said, "Run," pointing to the mouth of the alley.

The boy, Peter, met her eyes, a question there. It was a question she didn't much care to answer right now, so she nodded. "Go. I'll be all right."

With one last, lingering look, he turned and sprinted away.

"Fancy shooting," he said then to her as the last of her adrenaline faded away, replacing the rage with nothing but empty shaking. He held her arrows out to her. "What's your name?"

She took them with shaking hands, struggling to replace them in her quiver for a moment before she succeeded. She buried her hands in the folds of her cloak. "Jane. Jane Foster."

He rolled his eyes. "No wonder you got caught, giving out your name to random strangers like that. You really need to pick a new one."

His levity was a surprise, and a confusing one at that. "Wait, that doesn't... How do you know that's my name?"

"I noticed your face made it's debut on the Waiting List. Congrats, it's not often I see another fellow murderer on there." He said it so callously, like it was a joke, and she nearly choked. She tried to quell the shaking of her hands to no avail.

He must've noticed her discomfort because he quickly said, "Oh, hey, I mean, I'm not like '
murderer
murderer,' but more like 'freedom fighter.' I swear, I don't just run around killing innocent people."

She didn't dare cast a look at the soldiers dead on the ground, or she'd lose whatever her stomach had left in it. "They may have had families. You do not know anything about them."

His stare was unforgiving. "It gets to a point when '
I was just following orders
' only defends so much." He nearly laughs, face tipped towards the sky. "I can't
believe
you're defending them. You saw what they were going to do to that kid, let alone what they threatened to do to you."

He made a good point, but she wouldn't let him know that. "Look, thanks for... for doing that. But I need to be going."

The man whose name she still didn't know looked over at the bodies of the soldiers. "Ugh, yeah, we do. They have a superior officer in this town who will definitely be waiting for a check-in." Another disgruntled sound. "Not feeling body disposal today."

"No," Jane insisted, finally catching up with his words, "No, there's no
we
here. I'm going to leave, and that's that." She determinedly turned on a heel and set off for the road, only pausing long enough to pick up her bow. To her dismay, the man jogged up beside her. She nearly stopped to yell at him, but she decided that maybe ignoring him would be her best bet.

He rolled his eyes, "So, what, you can keep struggling from town to town, no money, and no proper survival skills?" She couldn't deny his observation, but she was
ignoring him.
"Okay, here's why you should listen to me," he said before walking out in front of her and walking backwards as he spoke, "I saw the details on your wanted poster. Obstruction of justice. Murder of a Queen's Army officer. Evading the Queen's justice, and so on. I don't need to tell you what's on your sheet, I'm sure.

"So my thinking goes like this: something bad goes down where you were from. You try to stand up to them, things get out of hand, maybe you pull out that bow I saw you shooting with earlier and this time you shoot to kill. See, if you weren't ready and willing to defy the Queen, why would you run? Why would you even fight back in the first place? You're obviously a noble judging by your horrendous lack of rationing skills and the way you talk; you'd probably have been able to get off after some very sincere apologies and possibly arguing a temporary loss of sanity like most high-borns. I guarantee you, most nobles in your position would be using every last favor they were owed to clean up their mess so they could come out the other side still in the lap of luxury. Not many of them would even
consider
running."

He stops, nearly causing her to run into him. "So why didn't you stay?" he inquired, eyes piercing. "Why did you run?"

She hadn't been planning on answering him, but the words tumbled out anyway. "Because I just killed a man and not everything is that
simple.
" Did he think life as a high-born was a walk in the park? Because it
wasn't
she remembered with short breath,
lacing corsets
and
Donald won't like that
and
you should be grateful
. Then she remembers her mother shielding her body with her own and telling her to
run.
"I had a good life," she told him through gritted teeth, and felt herself slipping into the Lowtown vernacular as she was wont to do when she was this angry. "Better than this one. I had food, a home, a family. Now that's all gone. Do you think I want to be here? Fucking covered in grime, with barely any food or water. My feet fucking
hurt
because I was Goddamned stupid enough to think the riding boots would be enough. It's not—I didn't choose anything. It's not that
fucking
simple."

Why she wasn't just walking around him she didn't know, but her feet were rooted to the spot, her eyes fixated on his. "Oh, but Jane Foster, it really is that simple. You'll find that in the face of a crisis, your true self will emerge. When running isn't an option, there are two kinds of fighters—underhanded schemers and straight-up fighters. People like us," he said, leaning closer, "we're the real fighters."

"I need... I need to go," she insisted, yet she made no moves to do. "And you don't know anything about me.

"What was it that they did to you that made you snap? What was it?"

"I don't even know your name, there's no way I'm—"

"Hawkeye," he interrupted. "I'm Hawkeye."

She snorted and asked dubiously, "I'm supposed to believe that's your name."

"No," he answered succinctly, "You're not supposed to believe that. There's a reason they don't have an actual name on my poster, you know."

"Oh."

"Yeah. See what I mean?"

There was a long pause, his gaze pinning her like a butterfly to a board. "My—" she breathed deeply, briefly wondering why she was entertaining the notion of telling this man,
Hawkeye
, her story. He was a self-admitted murderer for God's sake! But really, so was she. How she kept forgetting that detail when the nightmares shook her violently from sleep every night she didn't know. "My father. They came for my father. He'd just gotten back from a lecture circuit, a long one. They just—seven people in the Lowtown had already disappeared, and they just came in the middle of the night and started dragging him out of the house. He didn't even do anything, and I just... I lost it. I had a dagger, Jotun-made so it was sharp as hell, and I—" Her hands were shaking badly now, and Hawkeye had definitely noticed, his eyes regarding her carefully. "My mom told me to run. She stayed and I just..."
Left her there.


He seemed to briefly contemplate something before he spoke again. "Jane, I'm going to tell you something. Just like you fought for your father, well that's how I'm fighting for my wife." His voice softened. "Sharper than a spinning needle, Natasha. Has this red hair... Dangerous, too. More than me, for sure. She is so damn good at what she does." He hardened again, "I need answers. And quite honestly, I'm willing to do anything to get them. I don't know if this is going to be a rescue mission or a vengeance warpath, but either way, I'm seeing it to the end. If I weaken Hela's hold on the realms in the process, all the better."

As she listened to him speak, she felt her hands stabilize, and a fierce ardor grow in her heart. She
did
want answers, but more than that, she wanted
justice
. She didn't know what that justice would look like, didn't know if it would come at the edge of a blade or the strike of a gavel. All she knew was that she wanted it with every fiber of her being. Her mother, harsh and unforgiving but strong and courageous. Her father who always loved her from afar but always gifted her with the biggest smiles. For Darcy, her sister in everything but blood, and Ian who'd become a brother she'd never known she'd ever need. For everyone in the Lowtown who'd disappeared, for Khal and the other six, for everyone she didn't know about who'd suffered under Hela's iron fist.

In her month on her own, there was a gaping wound in her heart that she hadn't realized was there until now, hadn't realized that her aimless wandering hadn't been all that aimless. She was always aiming for something, she just hadn't known it yet.

Now she knew.

Hawkeye said, "I see that look in your eye. I know what you're going to say. Right in this moment, I'm sure you believe it yourself. But this isn't an easy life. You think what you've been through is hard?" he asked harshly. "It's nothing compared to what you will go through if you want to be on this path with me. It's a bloody path. Those bodies that you couldn't look at earlier will become a part of your life, a part of you." He finally took several large steps away from her, snapping the intimate spell they'd been under. "I'll be in the Hog's Eye tavern on the edge of town. Do you know it?" She nodded wordlessly. "I'll be there until the end of the day. The moment that sun is gone from the sky, I leave. If you decide you want to come, meet me there and introduce yourself." With that, he spun and left her reeling.

She knew the tavern he spoke of, a ramshackle little place on the main road into town; the small two-story invited a lot of weary travelers inside for drinks and debauchery (if the fancy ladies entering the establishment were anything to go by).


Introduce yourself.
Right. The name.

She walked in the opposite direction, planning on gathering her thoughts, but her mind was refusing to move. It was stuck on a single thought. Justice.
This isn't me
, she kept trying to tell herself. She was of noble birth, an educated woman. She's rubbed elbows with Asgard's mightiest, and she didn't hurt people. She—

She was confronted then by the Waiting List. Her walking had led her to the center of the town, where it was customary to post the board. It was a colloquial name, one she heard even before she left New York. It was the board upon which all the Wanted posters were pinned up for all to see. It was called the Waiting List because to most, it was simply a list of people waiting to be captured and put to death. (She imagined that those who came up with the name were loyal to Hela.)

In this tiny town, there were relatively few posters. Unconciously, she stepped closer, examining the faces. (Looking for one.)

She found it at the top of the board, where only the most heinous of criminals found their faces.

Hawkeye was written across it, but in quotations.
Suspected alias,
it read. No shit. Then there was a vague sketch, one that could easily be ascribed to any male human, but if she focused, she could see Hawkeye's face within the generic nose, average chin, and unremarkable eyes.

Beneath were his crimes. She sucked in a breath when she saw how numerous they were.


High Treason



Conspiracy



Conspiracy against the Royal Family



Murder (numerous counts)



Murder of Queen's Army Officers (numerous counts)



Association with the following fugitives: Thor Odinson, Natasha Romanova, Sif Valdottir, and others



Association with individual convicted of High Treason (numerous counts)



Association with the Rebellion


They continued on, condemning him for everything from thievery to bribing to tax evasion, but her gaze remained fixed on the last mark.

The Rebellion.

She saw her mother,
What are his charges?
and then she saw her father, doubling over in pain as the guard punched him in the stomach. She knew what they did to traitors. God, she didn't even know if they were dead or alive.

Her want for justice was rudderless, directionless, just sheer anger burning low in her gut, sizzling through her muscles and into her fists.

Perhaps this would give it direction.

She turned towards the tavern, but stopped when she caught sight of her own poster.


Murder of a Queen's Army Officer



Obstruction of the Queen's Justice



Evading the Queen's Justice



Association with individual convicted of High Treason


The anger flared, hot and dark, and with an enraged growl, her hand reached up and ripped her poster down.


As she walked to the tavern, the sun still high in the sky, she thought about what Hawkeye had said about a name. A new one. One that didn't carry with it the old shackles (the old memories, the regrets) of Jane Foster.

It was a seemingly simple task. A name.

As she walked, she came across a small flock of pigeons gathering around a small horse pen. They pecked at the earth, trying to scrounge up whatever leftover grain the horse had left for them. When she was still several meters away, they all jerked to attention as if of one mind and took off, their pure white wings beating the air.

She thought of his alias—Hawkeye. One short, simple word.
Dove
, she thought quietly.
That could work.
They were certainly a beautiful bunch. Their white feathers were pristine, unblemished. They flew in perfect synchronicity and cooperation as they took to the sky.

The flock was interrupted moments after they took off by a raven. The huge, black bird dove through the center, and she heard a pained screech. The raven emerged moments later with a dove in its talons.

It flew down to the ground moments later, the bloody dove still in its clutches. It wasn't dead yet. It still twitched, giving feeble cries as the flock fled.

The raven though... the raven simply stared at her. Its eyes were inquisitive, deeply intelligent. It looked at her as if it were challenging her.

A feeling of unease settled into her, followed by acceptance.

She wasn't a dove anymore.

She was the Raven.



AN:
Brunnhilde would be portrayed by Gina Torres; Wanda Maximoff by Tatiana Eva Marie; Hoder by Yaya DaCosta; Sigyn by Kawennáhere Devery Jacobs; Peter Parker by a young Andrew Garfield

>