


Disclaimer: My Little Pony is the properties of Hasbro. This is a non-profit work made by an independent contractor outside of the official company's notice intended for non-profit entertainment and speculative purposes only.



Darkryt Orbinautz presents...



Unto This White Poison



Chapter 1



Slime




In a town called Ponyville, Rarity folded up a sandwich into a bag, which then she put into a basket.

Rarity was an attractive, lovely woman. Rarity worked as a seamstress, sewing custom dresses for a variety of clientele. She had long, purple hair which she wore in a very difficult-to-master spiraling style. She had a very fair complexion thanks to hours of basking in soapy formulated waters. Her face was thin and sharp. Her blue eyes cut like diamonds, and were stunning under the right light. And she was very rarely without eyeshadow.

And perhaps the most difficult thing to master was the one she was most proud of. Her body. Her body was perfect, with curves in all the right place. She had an hourglass figure. Wide hips that led up to a thin, slim waist that further led into a pair of perfectly rounded DD+ breasts. A man's perfect dream.

Despite all this things, Rarity wasn't happy with herself. She couldn't fetch a man for the life of her. A perfect body, nice chest, sharp, seductive eyes, the ability to
accessorize
that perfect body in aaaaall the right ways . . . and she still couldn't fetch a boy for the life of her.

Today, though, Rarity wasn't going to be worried about that. Today, she was going to go on a walk with her friend, Rainbow Dash. They were going to stroll through the safer areas of the Everfree Forest, over on the side. No worrying about their family, friends, or work. No stressing out over being on time. Just . . . a nice, simple, relaxing walk.

Rainbow Dash was an athletic girl, with short, rainbow-colored hair (hence the name) she had a thin, muscular frame, with blue wings poking from her back. Rainbow Dash was a pegasus-type, and worked at the Weather Factory, where they used magic to control the weather of the day. Rainbow Dash also had the short end of the stick; out of all their friends - Twilight Sparkle, Pinkie Pie, Applejack, and Fluttershy - Rainbow Dash had by far the smallest chest of them all. Not that it bothered her; she'd rather a guy approach her because he thought she "looked cool" rather than be at the whim and mercy of her chest.

Rarity heard a knock on the door. "Oh! That must be Rainbow Dash! Mustn't tarry now, Rarity." Rarity gave the basket a tap to make sure it was sealed tight, than ran to the door and opened it. Rainbow Dash was there, in her usual attire of black shorts and a dark cyan t-shirt. Rarity herself was in a cleavage-baring white sundress, with straps that went over her shoulders, and a simple flower design across the chest and skirt.

"Hey." Dash said. "Ready to go?"

"Ready!" Rarity announced, holding the basket of snacks to bring along. It'd no them no good to go hungry on the walk, darling.

"Hmm." Dash snorted at Rarity's choice of clothes.

"W-what? What's wrong with it?" Rarity looked down, incredulously at Dash's dismissal. She always made sure to wear the utmost fashionable clothing.

"Hoping to catch a guy in the Everfree?" Dash teased, gesturing to the open top.

"Well. . . " Rarity blushed. "I-I like the breeze."

Dash chortled, walking away from the door. "Hah! Okay. Whatever, floozy."

"What!? How dare you! I am not! Although I do admit I get a little . . .
flirty
from time to time, I am not a - as you call it-
floozy!
" Rarity complained as she ran after her friend.

"Rarity, chill. I was just teasing." Dash said nonchalantly

"Well, I highly advise you not to do that, then! Seriously, Rainbow Dash. You could seriously hurt someone's feelings. You almost hurt mine." Rarity brought the basket down to her hip-level.

"Okay, okay." Dash held her hands up in the air. "I won't do it again. I'm sorry."

"You should be." Rarity huffed.


The Everfree Forest was an unnatural forest, full of trees with bizarre purple bark and strange leaf patterns shared by no other canopy. It was a dangerous place, full of stranger animals and mysterious creatures, and even the occasionally a living plant or two. It was the last place most people most people would go for a pleasant, pleasurable outing. Rarity and Rainbow Dash, however, were not most people. They and their other friends had gone a large number of misadventures, many of which involved going into the heart of the Everfree. The dangers present were not as much to them as they would be to others. Because of those adventures, they knew the safest routes and paths in and out of the forest. Even ones, like they one they were going on now, that actually turned out to be pleasant. Rarity knew it was safe. She had surveyed it already, and she had a map.

As the two friends began to approach the most commonly used entrance into the Everfree, Rainbow Dash noticed Rarity had been awfully sullen and silent the whole trip there. Normally, she'd be talking her head off about the latest fashions or something her little sister did to ruin her day, or something. But not total silence.

"Hey . . . " Dash said softly. "You've been awful quiet"

"Mmh-hm." Rarity agreed, taking out the map from her basket. "We go this way." Rarity pointed to the west side from the Everfree's "main" entrance. Rarity turned around and continued on, not even stopping to wait for Rainbow Dash.

"Hey. Hey!" Dash yelled, stomping her feet. Rarity looked over her shoulder at Dash. "You're still upset about my joke, earlier, aren't you?"

"
No.

Whatever
you gave that idea?" Rarity answered dryly.

"All right." Rainbow Dash ran up to Rarity, putting a hand on her shoulder. "Look, I'm sorry, all right? It won't happen again."

Rarity still seemed a bit irritated.

"I promise." Dash added. "I
promise
you I won't do it again."

" . . . Thank you, Rainbow Dash. Let's get back to our walk, hmm? This was supposed to be a
pleasant
afternoon, after all." The two giggled.

They continued on their walk, going around the west side of the forest until they eventually found a large, grey crumbling of slate cutting off the forest edge.

"This is it." Rarity said. "Our route is this way." She pointed to where more crumbling, pebbles, and rocks were all over the ground. They continued, following the trail of rocks until eventually coming upon what seemed to be the outside edge of a cave, where the trees were sparse, mostly cornered to the east of their position.

"So this is it, huh?" Dash questioned. "We're just following a cave."

"Yes." Rarity answered. "But is there anything wrong with that? After all, we're just going on a walk. We're not trying to go see fireworks, or something."

"I guess that's true."

The walk progressed without much event. Occasionally, Rarity stopped and knelt to smell a flower and enjoy its scent. Rainbow Dash would sometimes kick a pebble into the deeper parts of the forest without a care. Nothing much happened. They were to have a walk, and that was all. They eventually reached a spot where Rarity raised her hand up.

"Stop, stop." Rarity ordered. "This is where the route on my map ended."

Rainbow Dash looked around, not sure what was the big deal was. The area they were in now was a very large clearing, with the forest further from them than ever, and miles of empty grass over bumpy hills as far as they could see. The stony growths had gotten larger, as there were presumably closer to the actual cave openings and mountains it was connected. But none of that suggested to Rainbow Dash the area was dangerous.

"Well, I think we'll be safe as long as we stay here." Rarity concluded, sitting down and laying her basket down on the grass. "Sandwich, or creme chocolate?"

"What's in the sandwich?"

"Lettuce, tomato . . ."

"The creme chocolate." Dash said.

"I thought you might say that." Rarity joked with a smile, producing a tinfoil-wrapped chocolate from the basket. She handed it to Rainbow Dash, then pulled out a water bottle for herself.

"Mmm. . . " Dash said, finishing the chocolate quickly. "You know what, Rarity? Me and you may have our differences, but I'm glad I went on this walk with you."

"'You and I', darling." Rarity corrected. "But I see your point." she said as she put the water bottle back. "This has been pleasant."

"Mm-hm."

"Hmm."

"Hmmm. . ."

"Mmmh . . . ?"

Both their noses instinctively started sniffing the air, as a wonderful, intoxicating aroma began to make itself known to them."

"Rainbow Dash?" Rarity asked. "Did you put on some new perfume?"

"No . . . " Dash muttered, starting to feel groggy and wobbling her head. "Why?"

"Well, if it's not you, and I know it's not me, then . . . where is that wonderful aroma coming from?"

"I think. . ." Dash sniffed the air, taking in deep, deep whiffs. She raised her hand for, hesitated, then pointed downwards. Over the bottom of one of the bumpy hill's. "It's over there."

"Hmm. . . " Rarity fiddling her fingers nervously. "I want to see what it is, but that's beyond my safe route on the map."

"Map, smhap." Rainbow Dash dismissed, standing up and brushing some dirt off her shorts. "I want to know what that is. I might just take some home with me." Rainbow Dash turned around and ran down the curve of the hill they were on before running in the direction of the smell.

"Rainbow Dash!" Rarity yelled, raising her hand out. "I'm not sure we should be doing that! It's not . . . part of the . . . safe route, oooh . . ." Rarity closed her eyes, being blasted with another dose of the aroma. It smelled sweet and soothing.

"Maybe . . . " Rarity muttered as she stood up. "Maybe it wouldn't hurt to take just a peek."

Getting up, Rarity lifted up the skirt of her sundress slightly before running after Rainbow Dash. The picnic basket was left forgotten. "Wait up for me now, darling!"

Eventually finding Rainbow Dash, Rarity saw her sitting on the ground amidst a field of flowery, thick, dark green vines, each with flower buds like roses on them. The vines were spread all over the ground, growing out from a large cave entrance. Rainbow Dash was hunched over one of them, taking in deep whiffs of their sweet scent.

"Mmm. . . " Rarity moaned, collapsing next to Rainbow Dash to share in the flower's smell. "What are these plants, darling?"

"I don't know." Dash said, taking more sniffs. "I bet Fluttershy might know. She likes plants. . ."

"Mmm. . . "

They sat there for awhile, enjoying the smell of the plants.

". . . Rainbow Dash?" Rarity asked, hearing a sudden noise. It was like a tree branch creaking under pressure. "Did you hear that?"

"Vaguely. Somewhat. Why? What is it?"

"I don't know." Rarity answered, her worry beginning to surmount the flowers' toxic influence. She began jostling Rainbow Dash. "We need to get out of here!"

"Ah, we're fine." Dash dismissed, waving a hand. She didn't think they were in any danger . . . until she felt the smooth vines start curling around her legs. "Hey! Wha-!?" Dash whipped around to lash at the binding, but her movements allowed the vine to quickly move and completely bind her legs together.

"They're moving!?" Rarity shrieked. "Oh, this was a bad idea . . . Rainbow Dash! Why did you think it was a good idea to go here!?"

"Me!? You're the one who decided to take a walk in the Everfree Forest!"

Before Rarity could respond to that, she felt the vines snag around her ankles as well. "AHH!" Rarity flailed her arms and struggled to get loose, but the vines began moving faster, and shot up. They instantly lashed around Rarity's arms, forcing them down into her sides. "Unhand me, you brutes!"

The vines continued lifting up, moving on their own accord. They wrapped and constricted around both females, tying up them at the legs, arms, and waists. With the vines totally around them, the vines began to lift them up into the air. The vines rotated them both around until they were facing each other directly. Rarity and Dash continued struggling, grunting, trying to get out of the vines' hold, even though they were wrapped incredibly tight.

More of the vines lifted off the ground, curling around the their waists and lifting up around their shoulders. The vines went down from their shoulders, then began forcing into the collar of Dash's shirt and cleavage of Rarity's dress.

Rarity began regretting her choice of attire.

The vines began playing with their chests, rubbing them with an effective, brisk pace. The flower buds began opening up, and closing around their bodies, then unlatching with a "pop." The buds were like little kisses on their bodies. Which they found unpleasant, as the buds were all over vines, and the vines were all over them. So they were getting kisses in all sorts of weird places. Their shoulders, their arms, their elbows . . . their necks, their knees . . .

And even their breasts, which were getting some very
thorough
treatment from the vines.

"HMMH!" Rarity yelped, as the buds began spewing out some liquid substance. It felt like someone's saliva. Of course, that made sense. They were simulating kisses, so why not simulate the spit that came with it?

"Uuugh. . . " Rarity groaned. She felt so dirty and violated. She noticed Rainbow Dash, suspended in the air, undergoing the same treatment at the vines' hands. Er, tendrils.

The vines began pushing them towards each other, eventually pressing their bodies up against each other. The vines curled around their breasts began juggling them and pushing them into the others', giving a small touch of sexual pleasure to them both - Rainbow Dash more so. Rainbow Dash had never thought she would make anything of Rarity's large breasts other than inappropriate wisecracks, but now, as Rarity's bosom was crushing her own, she felt differently.

"Your breasts feel
guhd
. . ." Rainbow moaned deliriously, her tongue beginning to slip out of her mouth.

"Snap out of it, Rainbow Dash!" Rarity snapped, renewing her struggling efforts. "I will not be violated by these plants!"

Two vines each reached up into the air, and they each began to press into the backs of Rarity's and Rainbow's neck, forcing their foreheads together and trying to their mouths to touch.

"Oh. . . Rainbow Dash, I think these things want us to-to kiss!"

"What!? No way. You're pretty, Rarity, but I don't like you like that."

The vines pried their heads away, rolling their necks backwards. Another vine snaked its way into the air between, the flowerbuds on it pointing at both of them like cannons. The buds closed up, then opened forcefully, blasting them both with another dose of the sweet aroma that brought them here to begin with.

"Aaaaaahhh . . . " Rarity moaned, the intensely powerful scent relaxing her immensely and making her much more carefree. The fact she was being violated by a plant suddenly became much less distressing.

"Hmmm." Dash moaned as well. "Maybe . . . maybe that wouldn't be so bad."

The vines propped their heads back on, then pushed them towards each other. Knowing their aroma was affecting them, the vines around their shoulders began to relax so they could move. As the vines anticipated, Rarity and Rainbow Dash acted much more openly to each other. Rarity reached and wrapped her arm around Rainbow's neck and back, while Rainbow did the same. They breathed into the others' face sensually, then leaned in for a kiss. Rainbow was even daring enough to use tongue, slipping her tongue into Rarity's mouth.

"Mmm. . ." Rarity moaned, not minding at all. With the influence of the flowers' smell, the awkwardness of making out with her friend was gone. She even responded, wiggling her own tongue and getting just under Rainbow's tongue and into her mouth. Rarity shifted slightly, trying to press her breasts further into Dash's.

"Mmh!" Dash moaned from the increased pressure.

"Aaaah. . . " Rarity sighed, breaking the kiss off. Feeling incredibly relaxed, Dash and Rarity locked eyes, noticing a beauty in the others'.

"Gosh, Rarity . . . how come I never realized how lovely your eyes were?"

"I could say the same of you, darling."

"AAAH!" They both yelped as the vines suddenly jerked backwards, carrying them both with their sudden movements. The vines began shifting and wiggling, slithering in the air towards the cave with the two bound females in tow.

The vines took them into the cave itself. The cave was round, dimly-lit, and spacious, with a ceiling that reached several feet off the ground. Short, dark-blue crystals were growing in clusters, with only a few inches distance between clusters. The crystals were bio-luminescent, glowing a light-blue glow through the entire cave. The glow seemed to relax them the longer it held their gaze.

"Oh, Rainbow Dash!" Rarity moaned. "Look at the pretty crystals!"

"I am looking!" Dash protested.

"So . . . pretty." Rarity took a moment to close her eyes, to give herself a break from the light. With her eyes closed, Rarity regained possession of her facilities, and she started worrying about where the vines were taking them. Would their friends realize they were missing in time to send out a search party? Would they be rescued? Would they be killed, or left to rot by the vines?

Rarity was going to shout at Dash another fruitless effort to get her to return to sanity, but when Rarity opened her eyes, the effects of the hypnotic crystals got to her, and she relaxed again.

"Aaah . . . aren't they lovely, Rainbow Dash?"

After passing several of these large clusters, the vines came to a stop in a room with a crater in its center and no crystals around.

"Rainbow?" Rarity asked. "What's . . . in there?"

"I dunno . . ."

They blinked, as the effects of the crystals were beginning to wear off.

"Gah! Let go!" Rarity squealed, struggling against the vines.

The vines reached further in, lowering Rainbow Dash and Rarity into the crater's rocky interior. Within the crags and crevices of the crater seemed to be long, thick vines made out of lavender, translucent, jelly-like substance.

"I'd ask what those are, but I'm not even gonna bother." Dash complained. She made a face when the crater let out a deep gurgle below.

Rarity looked down, and she couldn't believe what she was seeing.

A round sphere of the lavender jelly substance was rising up from the bottom of the crater, approaching them. If Rarity had to guess, based on the way the stalks of the goo-vines effortlessly absorbed into it, she would say they were attached somehow.

Looking closer at it, Rarity saw an incredibly complex systems of tubes and pipes inside the sphere. There was also two cylinders that seemed made for holding something, with the tubes and pipes connected to them. From a biologically standpoint, it was actually rather intriguing. This thing appeared to have a small, but complete processing plant for something inside its own body.

But, Rarity realized, whatever is it used for?

There was another gurgle, and by now, Rarity realized it was coming from the thing below them – the nucleus, perhaps?

Rarity blinked in surprise when the vines lowered them further into the pit, and the goo-vine stalks began lifting up all around, changing their shape and forming active tendrils. The tendrils grabbed her and Dash by the legs, taking a firm hold on them. Perhaps to keep them from falling. The gooey tendrils on their legs shaped into a lumpy ball, and the plant vines let go of them and retracted from the crater. It felt kinda like taking a bath in soothing burn-relief gel.

Rarity deduced that it was some sort of system. The vines lured unwary victims in and teased them, before taking them through the cave with all its soothing crystal lights. Then the victims were lowered into the pit to be given to this . . . goo . . . THING, whatever it was. But for what purpose?

Two tendrils latched onto Rarity and Dash's arms each, pulling them out in a position like a scarecrow.

Rainbow Dash started whining pitifully, her wings beginning to scrunch up. Rarity began to worry even more than she had been. To be in a strange, unfamiliar situation was one thing, but for Rainbow Dash, who was normally courageous to the point of recklessness, to whimper was another level entirely.

One more tentacle shot out from the nucleus, launching straight into Rarity's open top.

"AAH! GET OUT OF THERE, YOU BRUTE!"

The goo-tendril began reshaping itself, adjusting and contorting under Rarity's clothes, until it was matched to the exact curvature of her chest. Once it had matched her perfectly, the tendril rubbed her breasts up and down. Rarity was disgusted to realize, that despite her lack of consent, the tendrils' ministrations actually felt
good
. Occasionally, the tendril would shake things up a little, stopping its rubbings to give her chest a deep, thrumming pulse that made her squeal.

"Oh!" Rarity exhaled sharply.

After several long, torturous minutes of trying not to enjoy the attention, Rarity groaned, feeling a pain her chest and a mental spike in her head. Something was disturbing her psyche, her mind, trying to get her to stop resisting and submit.

"Ooogh . . ." Rarity groaned. It felt like the insides of her breasts were expanding – almost exploding, even. "Aaah!" She let out a very sharp gasp as what felt like a drop of liquid flew out of her chest and into the tendril. She disgustedly watched as the tiny droplet flew up from the end of the tendril on her chest and slid down its visible inside into the nucleus below.

Paying attention, Rarity noticed the droplet from the tendril go into the nucleus internal processing plant. The liquid was dragged and sucked into of one of the two cylinders below.

"Aah!" Rarity jerked as she felt another drop come out of her chest. What was going on!? She looked down, only to stretch and groan as more liquid continued to come out of her chest. The tendril on her chest was changing its occasional thrum to a consistent, unstopping suckle. The sporadic spray of droplets eventually normalized itself into a steady stream of liquid.

Only now did Rarity realized the tendril . . . was making her produce breast milk. She didn't know what the exact term for it was, but she knew that breast milk was an essential part of survival for several small animals. When they were newly born, they had no teeth to chew food. So their mothers produced milk from their glands that contained vital nutrients for growth, which the toothless babies drank.

Why this gooey-thing felt the need to produce and steal milk from Rarity was beyond her. She couldn't see anything indicating it had children in need of nursing.

"Rarity!" Rainbow shrieked.

"Oh!" Rarity chided herself, turning to see Rainbow Dash. She had been distracted by the tendrils' treatment of her she forget the exact same thing was happening to Rainbow Dash just a step away. "Rainbow Dash!"

"What's- it – doiiiing!?" Rainbow screamed, flailing about. The tendrils were also taking milk out of her, having lifted her shirt up slightly and gained access to her chest there.

"Oh, Rainbow Dash, I'm so sorry . . ." Rarity apologized. "If I hadn't taken us for that walk, we wouldn't be here . . ."

"It's- not your fault . . ." Rainbow groaned, eyes squeezed shut. "Seriously, though, what is this thing doing!?"

"It's, ah . . . making your breasts produce milk."

"What!? They can do that!?"

"Well, yes . . ."

"Why does . . . that thing there want it, though?"

"I'm sorry, Rainbow Dash, I haven't the faintest idea. AG!" The tendrils on her chest gave a particularly forceful suckle.

"Mmmm . . . hmmm?" Rarity felt that mental spike from earlier come back again. She started to feel hazy and groggy. Almost . . . willing, even. Like she wanted this. She wanted the goo to hold her, and caress her, and nurse her for milk . . .


What-what? No!
Rarity thought to herself.
No! What am I thinking? AH! It feels . . . so . . . good.


Rarity closed her eyes briefly, but opened them again when she heard an odd squishy noise. She turned to see another of the goo tendrils lifting up in the air. Then, to her surprise, the thick tendril began slimming down, and it changed its color from a jam purple to a deep gumdrop red.

"Wha . . .?"

Rarity was even more surprised when the now-red tendril shot towards her, shoving itself into her mouth before she knew what was happening. It . . . tasted good. The tendril itself tasted good to her tongue. The tendril briefly rubbed her tongue, making her moan before she regained control of herself.

The tendril began spurting liquid into her mouth. It lightly sprayed at first, like a weak garden hose on low. Then it switched to a more forceful pouring, like a sink faucet turned on medium.

"Mmmrhp!" Rarity protested, not knowing what the fluid was, or why it was so tasty. If it wasn't being poured into her by a goo-creature of unknown origin, Rarity wouldn't even object to being fed it.

"Hrrm?" Rarity managed to skewer her gaze down. The tubes and pipes of the nucleus' processor were stirring and mixing a liquid that now filled the cylinders.

Scanning the nucleus and following the tendrils, Rarity was able to make a connection. Even with the . . . delicious, smooth, creamy . . . stuff in her mouth distracting her thoughts.

The tendrils on her and Dash's chests . . . were suckling the milk out, which down the tendrils and into the nucleus . . . which in turn, went into the cylinders of the nucleus processor . . . and then were mixed with whatever the nucleus was producing . . . and then the milk, now mixed, is sent back up through the red tendrils and force-feed into their mouths. Rarity, observing the patterns of the tendrils, concluded she was grateful that the thing didn't feed them their own milk; it fed them each others' milk.

Rarity looked at Dash, noticing her groaning and moaning as she was force-fed milk.

As more and more of the sweet stuff was routed through her throat, Rarity started liking it more and more, going so far as to actively suck the tendril to coax more milk from it.


What? No! Rarity, what are you doing? Stop! You're better than this!


Rarity swallowed a huge glob of the milk. She looked down at the nucleus again, and made another deduction; the milk had been mixed with drugs. The tendrils were covered in drugs. The mental spike that was being very driven into her mind? Drugs from the tendril, absorbed through contact in the skin. Like the poison from a dart frog. The drugs from the tendril made them produce the milk, then the drugs from the nucleus hooked them onto drinking more and more of it, until they were well and truly addicted.

"Mmm! Mmh! MMM!" Rarity moaned and grunted, the drugged milk getting more and more into her. Her cheeks flushed a bright pink. "Mmmm . . .hm? URM!" Rarity temporarily regained control and tried to get the tendril off by shaking her head back and forth.

The tendril recognized her discontent and drew away, much to her disbelief.

"What?" Rarity questioned, not understanding why the tendril would suddenly obey her demands. It became clear it wasn't, as the tendril shifted back into the purple color, and then did something truly grotesque.

The top of it began shaping itself, re-sculpting itself like clay. It took- it took on the general, but not exact, shape of one of her breasts. It kinda look like a watermelon had been stuck on the tendril.

Rarity stared wide-eyed at the unusual, odd, disembodied approximation of a body part. It began wriggling towards her.

"Oh, no! Oooh no you don't!" Rarity growled. "I've put up with your shenanigans until now, but I will NOT be violated by your crass impersonation of
my own
– MRPH!" The tendril shoved the tip of the goo-breast into her mouth and began squeezing milk into her again. This time doing so at a much faster pace than it had been before, in thicker doses. As much Rarity hated the position she was in, she couldn't deny that the goo made her realize how shapely her breasts really were.

"Guuuuuphm!" Rarity trilled, the milk coming so fast that it filled the entirety of her mouth before she recovered the air to swallow it. "Mmmph! G'AAAAAH! MMMPH!"

Rarity started suckling the caricature of her chest, the drugs' hold on her now solidified. But just as she was giving in, the tendril pulled itself away. It taunted her as little drops of milk leaked from it.

"No . . ." Rarity stuttered, the drugs now holding her in a full thrall. She became incredibly aware of precisely how much milk was in her stomach, and it depressed her. There was justly barely less than half the maximum amount of milk her stomach could physically hold. For some reason, she just became
obsessed
with the idea of filling herself up, from bottom to top. She felt empty and unsatisfied and cold.

At the very backdoor of her mind, Rarity was still thinking. The tentacles were coated in a skin-transferable aphrodisiac that made them hot and bothered and absent-minded. And then the milk was mixed with another type of aphrodisiac that stimulated them sexually just by drinking it. However, the front of her mind was high on those very aphrodisiacs, so the knowledge of what the creature was doing felt second-hand to the
feeling
of what it was doing.

Rarity clawed the air towards the tendril. "N-no, please! I need more! I need to feel
full!
"

The tendril slimmed down, shifting into a vivid red color like a chameleon. It then rocketed back into her mouth. It began squirming and squeezing down her throat, then the back of her throat . . . then went one step further, shoving its way down into her stomach. She was acutely aware of every inch it went down; it was odd and arousing.

She had never been able to feel her esophagus before. Rarity decided to not put up any resistance. She was afraid the mildest tug could cause irreparably damage to it. But it was still an exotic feeling, being able to feel bump, lump, and curve of her esophagus.

The tendril stopped just it as exited the bottom of her esophagus, then pulled back and expanding, hooking itself inside her. If she didn't know better, she would almost say it was changing into a smaller version of the mock-breast it had taken before going down her digestion system.

It began spraying. Rarity could feel the milk drawn from the nucleus travel through the tendril inside her. She could feel the pressure, the
weight
as the drugged produce was siphoned through the tentacle. It was like she had swallowed a working high-pressure faucet that was on.

The end of the tendril that was hanging just above her stomach let the milk out into her, spraying it like a garden hose directly into her stomach. Rarity felt the level of milk her inside increase
substantially
. It increased all the from "less than a half" to three-quarters. It was like a flood tide inside her stomach.

"MMMmmmh . . ." Rarity moaned deliriously, unable to think straight. She could barely hold a thought together, beyond some expressions of disbelief of how tasty the milk and goo were, and how good they made her feel inside! So, so tasty . . . absolutely delicious . . .

The tendril reshaped itself, slowly and erotically pulling itself out of Rarity's body. It left her mouth with a loud pop, and Rarity took a gasp for oxygen, panting. She still didn't feel . . . full. She felt half-full, more than half-full, but not . . . full. She couldn't describe the feeling.

The tendril ceased suckling her, and Rarity took a deep breath.

She should have been elated that this- this vile violation was over. She should have been happy that this thing had lost interest in using her as a plaything. But she wasn't.

She was hot, and aroused, and sensitive. The heat of her body's arousal contrasted harshly with the tendrils holding her, which was cool to the touch.

"Oooogh . . ." Rarity groaned, lolling her head to and fro. The aphrodisiacs from the drugged goo and milk weren't entirely out of her system, and she felt a need for . . . "companionship."

The tendrils holding Rainbow Dash lifted her up towards Rarity's position. The two of them took a dazed notice of each other.

"Uuuugh?" Dash question, recognizing someone familiar was in front of her, but too high to do much about it.

The tendrils holding the both of them began to come together, squeezing and fusing together into one large round glob that held the both of them.

"Mmmh . . ." Rarity pressed her breasts onto Rainbow Dash's chests, squishing Rainbow Dash's with her superior size.

"Ooogh . . ."

Rarity and Rainbow Dash shook their heads, trying to regain some mental composure, but the drugs wouldn't let them.

After a moment, they realized they were close enough to touch each other. As if on cue, the goo holding them gave a pulse, as if telling them "Dooooo iiiit." The goo's hold on them let up, then tightened again. It continued to fiddle like this for awhile, until eventually it was firm enough to keep them aloft, but lax enough they could freely move their limbs and bodies in it. They could probably wiggle their way out and drop to the ground, but they had no interest in that. No, no, they were still struggling with the aphrodisiacs in them. And the milk in them. That ridiculously delicious, thick, creamy milk.

Rarity clapped her hands on Dash's cheeks, and with all the consent of a rampaging elephant, planted a big wet one on Dash's lips. Dash's wings flared up, becoming stiff.

"Mmmm. . . . Mmh!" Dash moaned, which only got louder as Rarity proceed to ram her tongue into Dash's mouth. Dash returned the kiss, wrapping her arms around Rarity's back. The hum of their moans blended together.

Rarity broke off the kiss and nipped Dash's neck, earning another moan. Dash flexed her wings and wrapped them around Rarity's shoulders.

"Fmm . . ." Rarity slowly moved her nips from Dash's neck, to her shoulders, to the rim of her wing, causing Dash to squeal. Dash returned the favor by pulling Rarity's dress down and dragging her tongue along the slope of Rarity's breast.

"Guuh . . . that's-that's good." Rarity moaned. "Aagh."

They began thrusting into each others' hips, trying to strike at the others' privates.

"Oh please, oh please . . ." Rarity begged, desperate for release.

"Gah!" Rainbow screamed, aching for the same release.

Rarity reached her arms through the goo, moving smoothly like she was in an aquarium tank, and began to pull on Dash's t-shirt. Dash responded in kind, reaching around Rarity's back and unlacing the straps of her dress. The goo, recognizing their intent, took the removed articles of clothing and spat them onto the ground around the crater. Moving through the goop . . . pool they were in, Dash bit Rarity's breast and suckled.

"Oooh . . . ooh dear, yes!" Rarity shrieked. The relief she felt from this! Rarity hugged Dash tightly, with every intention of reaching her release. There were no words to express the intensity of pleasure she was feeling. It was so . . . bizarre, to think that something as simply as a fluid leaking out of her could feel so amazingly good.

"R-rainbow Dash . . ." Rarity moaned, her body shaking. "Rainbow Dash, I'm . . ."

Dash dismissively waved, as she was beginning to shake too. "Mmm . . . AAH . . . AAA!" She started suckling harder, giving her more of that delicious, aphrodisiac milk, and pleasuring Rarity even
more,
letting their releases happen incredibly quickly.

"AAAAH!"

"AAAAAH"

As soon as they were done shaking from their releases, the tendril lowered them both onto the ground, apparently content. It ebbed away from their bodies, releasing them from its gooey hold, and retracted into the nucleus. The nucleus then began lowering itself into the crater, apparently going off to rest after finishing with them.

But as they laid themselves out on the bare rock, they still didn't feel . . . sated. In fact, as soon as the cool goo was off them, their heat shot up to another level, and the aphrodisiacs, still not quite out of their systems, made them borderline delirious. They were both panting, sweating, tired from their experience . . . and still heavy with all the milk that was in stomachs and breasts. They noticed each other.

Despite how exhausted they were, the effects of the drugs were slowly coaxing them to come closer to each other, to deal with the burning, stinging arousal they were still having.

"Hehheheh!" Rarity chuckled flirtatiously at Dash, coming up with a plan to satisfy this overwhelming urge she was developing. She wanted to - she HAD to take all the milk that was still running loose in her chest and
feed
it to somebody. "Hey there, sailor!" Rarity trilled at Dash. She curled a lock of her hair around her finger, then drew the hair along her ever-so-slightly inflated breast. "Come here often?"

"Do you?" Dash shot back arrogantly, but Rarity could tell she was on the hook. All that was left was to reel her in . . .

"Why don't you come on over, darling?" Rarity teased at Dash, pushing herself up, offering up a generous view of her cleavage.

Dash's wings flared up. "Don't mind if I do, ma'am!" She eagerly crawled on all fours towards Rarity, and sat down criss-crossed. "Now what?"

Rarity slapped her hands on Dash's cheeks. "Now give me some sugar, sweetie. Mmhp!" Rarity pulled Dash into a passionate, hungry kiss. They hooked their arms around the other and brought themselves closer and closer together until their bosoms touched, at which point they pressed even harder, delighting in the sensation of squishing each others' chests.

"Mmmm . . . mmmmh . . ." Rainbow moaned heavily, like she was having trouble breathing. "Mmh, oh yeah, that's the stuff . . ." The pops of their lips as they separated and readjusted were, for a moment, the only things audible in the cave.

"Say . . ." Dash teased, pulling away. "Ma'am, your chest feels awfully wet, and lemme tell you, I got a weight in my chest something fierce."

"Where are you going with this, sailor?" Rarity chuckled stupidly.

"Well, I think your chest might be a little . . . filthy." Rainbow reached up and gave Rarity's breast a ripe, firm squeeze.

"Oh!"

"I'd be honored to . . . help clean it up." Dash offered, their soft pants and their heavy breathing noticeable.

"My, my, you're certainly an eager one, aren't you?" Rarity chided.

"Is that a no?"

"Ooh, I never said that." Rarity gleefully informed her, raising up to allow Dash more access to her chest.

Rainbow licked her lips in anticipation, then eagerly put her mouth on Rarity's breast, suckling voraciously. They both moaned loudly as the act commenced; Rarity enjoying the sensation of milk leaving her chest, and aroused by the thought of her produce going inside someone. Rainbow just enjoying the taste of Rarity's breast and breast milk.

"Hee-HMM-Hee-HMM-Hee-HMM!" Rainbow went on as she continued suckling like she was in a competition.


Dear Celestia, it tastes so good!


Rainbow's suckling continued for awhile, before coming to a complete stop. Rainbow's eyes widened.

"What's wrong, sailor?" Rarity gently inquired, curious to know why she stopped.

"Uh, well . . ." Rainbow pulled and motioned like she was tipping her hat, even though she wasn't wearing one. "I'd be . . . mighty appreciative if you would kindly return the favor of drinking from my chest, ma'am. I . . . seem to be a tad full."

"Done!" Rarity exclaimed. Rainbow went about pulling her t-shirt off. "Oh, but wait . . . I don't want to have to stop just because I'm drinking from you . . . oh! Oh wait, I have an idea! Lay down your side!"

"What?"

"Just trust me, okay?" To make her point, Rarity reached and squeezed the tip of Dash's breast. "This will be great."

"O-kay." Dash whistled, complying with Rarity's demands and lying on her side.

"Now if I just . . . maneuver myself like this . . ." Rarity muttered, propping herself and swinging herself over.

They were now upside-down relative to each other, in the perfect position for them to both reach over and drink from the others' chest. And in a such way that drinking from one wouldn't interfere with the drinking from the other.

"Oh! Clever! Dash complimented.

"Oh course it is, I thought of it." Rarity boasted, before they both leaned their heads forward and suckled the other for all they were worth. It felt fantastic. It felt wonderful. It felt glorious.

It didn't them much long to be done, having suckled nearly every last drop of milk from the other. Realizing they had nothing left to offer, Rarity swung herself back around so she was on equal with Rainbow Dash, they breasts and legs meeting at the exact spot.

"That . . . was . . . fantastic." Dash complimented, sweat running from her head and tiny leftover extracts of milk running down her breasts.

"It was, wasn't it?" Rarity complimented, sweat and milk running down her the same. She placed a hand on Dash's cheek. "We should . . . do this again sometime."

"Yeah . . ." Dash agreed.

Rarity pulled Dash's head in closer, giving her a quick kiss and pressing their exposed chests together. They cuddled heads for a bit before falling asleep, the warm milk of their chests beginning to bleed off onto the other's breasts.


"Mmmm.." Rarity groaned, waking up and coming to. She pressed her finger against her forehead. "Oh, my head . . ."

"Hmm?" Rainbow Dash responded to the noise, slowly opening her eyes.

The first thing they both realized, was that they were shirtless, their chests were stained with some weird white substance that seemed to have dried, and that they had their arms around the other one's back, like a couple.

"AAAAAH!"

They both screamed, bolted upright, and turned away, using their arms to cover their chests.

"...Rainbow Dash?" Rarity said meekly, sanity somehow restored by the nap.

"...yyyyeaah?" Dash drawled after a moment of silence, wrapping her arms around her chest extra tight to stave away the sense that Rarity – that one of her best friends – had just seen her topless.

"Do you have any explanation for why we are sleeping next to each other, topless, in the middle of a cave out in Celestia-knows-where?"

"Nnnope."

"Hmm." Rarity looked to her left, where she saw the pit, and things started slowly coming back to her. "Oh...that's right, there was this...slime...THING, and it...I think its asleep now. We should get out of here while we still can."

"Don't have to tell me twice..." Rainbow Dash muttered, standing up. She stumbled a bit, as her stomach was full of a thick liquid bouncing around in her insides as she walked, making her uncomfortable...in more ways than one.

"I think I see some clothes over there..." Rarity murmured.

"Yeah...I think I see something over here, too."

Rarity and Rainbow Dash walked away from each other, occasionally taking a paranoid glance over their shoulder at the other to make sure they weren't looking, and picked up the clothes and put them on. Unfortunately, they had been the others' clothes, so Rarity was in Dash's t-shirt, which stretched over her bust and failed to reach her past her midriff, and Dash was in Rarity's dress, which drooped down on her body so far it made a train, what with her smaller size and all.

Turning around to see each other, the first thing Rainbow Dash was snicker at how her t-shirt was wrapped around Rarity's chest so tightly and snugly. "Tight fit over there?"

"Ha. Ha. Ha. You can crack all the inappropriate jokes you want later." Rarity snapped, trying to retain sense of grace even though her midriff was totally exposed. "We need to get out of here right now, before that
thing
comes back."

They staggered to their feet and sprinted out of the cave. Occasionally the crystals would catch one of their eyes again, and they would stop and stare before the other slapped them out of it with a good smack to the cheek.

"Aah . . ." Rarity complained once they got of the cave. She and Rainbow rested their hands against the caves' walls, pausing to catch their breath after their brazen sprint. Rarity glanced at the vines, worrying they would activate again, but they seemed content to lie there and let their victims pass.

"Come on, come on . . ." Dash gestured for Rarity to follow as she skipped through the vines like hopscotch.

"I'm coming, I . . . ooogh." Rarity groaned, clutching at her chest. Her center of gravity felt distorted, and she wasn't sure how to react to compensate. "Oh dear . . . I seem to be reeling from the experience. I'm so sorry, Rainbow Dash, I think you might have to carry me . . ."

Rainbow grunted in frustration, but she doubled back and lifted Rarity onto her shoulders. Rainbow dragged Rarity away from the cave and out of the field of vines. Rarity would sometimes groan, and when she could muster the strength, limp to make things proceed quicker. They made it a safe distance away from the plants and out of the Everfree.

"Where do you want to go?" Dash asked, still supporting Rarity. Rarity couldn't her mouth to work, so she pointed in the general direction of her Boutique. "I hope you're feeling well enough to carry yourself when we get there . . ."

Rainbow trudged all the way from the forest entrance to Rarity's home, Rarity's feet dragging along the ground the entire time. Today was not a busy day in Ponyville, so few people were out to notice their predicament, and the few who were out either didn't notice them, or saw them, but didn't know if they should leave the pair alone or offer help. And if they decided to offer help, Rainbow and Rarity were gone by the time they made that decision.

When they finally made it to the Boutique, Rainbow's prayers were answered, and Rarity could stand on her feet. (more of a wobble on them, really, but she could stand!)

"I'll change into something and give you your shirt back." Rarity told Rainbow Dash, turning the doorknob and entering the Boutique. After all, they couldn't just undress and exchange clothing that way. Rainbow followed her inside.

"Hey!" A squeaky voice addressed them. Rarity's candy-haired little sister, Sweetie Belle. Sweetie Belle came running down the stairs to greet them. "Rarity!"

"Hello, Sweetie Belle." Rarity said as Sweetie to her knees. Rarity bent over and gave her a hug.

"I've been looking for you all day!" Sweetie exclaimed. "Where you have been?"

The honest answer to that question reminded of the awful ordeal she and Rainbow had just experienced. Rarity's eye twitched. "N-nowhere of concern to you, Sweetie." Rarity patted her on the head and withdrew.

"Hey . . ." Sweetie muttered, observing Rainbow. "Isn't that of your dresses? . . . actually, aren't you wearing one of Rainbow Dash's shirts?"

"There was . . . a mix-up." Rarity explained as she snapped a purple dress from a mannikin and slipped into one of the many fitting rooms of her fine establishment.

Inside, Rarity pulled the shirt up over herself, an odd sensation rubbing as the cloth lifted over her chest. It felt painful, like her chest was still raw from their abuse earlier at the tentacles of-of that thing.

"Ugh . . ." Rarity groaned, all too eager to put the purple dress on. Having been the dressmaker who designed it, she knew it would be much softer and easier on her sore flesh than the t-shirt was. Carefully wrapping its silk around herself, Rarity tied a few bows together, and the dress was on. Habit getting the better of her, she folded up Rainbow's t-shirt, even though Rainbow Dash would be putting not a minute after she left the room.

"Rainbow Dash?" Rarity called, stepping out of the room. Dash was playing Pattycakes with Sweetie Belle. "I have something for you."

"Oh!" Dash noticed. "Sorry, kiddo. Gotta deal with this." Dash affectionately rubbed Sweetie's hair before taking her shirt and going into the changing room.

Rarity crossed her arms and laid back against the wall, eying Sweetie as she patiently waited for Rainbow Dash to come back out.

"She seems to like you." Rarity yelled through the door.

"Yeah, well." Dash retorted over the sounds of folding cloth. "What can I say? I'm good with kids . . . dang it, how do you get out of this thing?"

Rarity sighed and rolled her eyes. How was Rainbow able to get in her nice dress, but not out? "You have to-"

"Got it!"

Dash swung the doors of the room open, proudly stepping out back in t-shirt. Rarity's dress was flung over her shoulder like a towel.

"I'll take that back, thank you." Rarity said, holding her hand expectantly. Rainbow chuckled and tossed the dress into her hand.

"I'll . . . see ya around, I guess." Rainbow mumbled, headed for the door. She put her hand on her chest rubbing it up and down like it was itchy and needed a scratch.

"Hmm." Rarity narrowed eyes as Dash left, turning to her room to put the white dress in its appropriate place. Just as she was climbing the stairs, though, Rarity noticed her sister out the corner of her eye. Sweetie Belle was slumped on the floor, hands over her cheeks. She seemed so downcast.

Of course . . . Rarity realized. Dash wasn't going to be there to play with her, and normally with nothing to occupy herself, Rarity would go about doing fashionable, high society things with nary giving Sweetie Belle a second thought.

"Rainbow Dash?" Rarity asked, just as Rainbow Dash put her hand on the doorknob.

Dash turned her head. "Yeah?"

"Would you mind staying and keeping Sweetie Belle some company?" Rarity asked, resting her arms on the stair guard. "After our . . . adventure, today, I would very much like to go to bed."

Rainbow halted for a moment. She looked at Sweetie Belle, who was looking back at her hopefully.

"Yeah." Dash answered after a moment. "Yeah, I think I can do that."

Rarity smiled as Dash approached Sweetie and got down on the floor with her. Her sister was in good hands, Rarity was sure.

Rarity climbed her way up the rest of the stairs, one hand sliding across the rail, the other holding her dress. She made her way to her room, and went to her closet, carefully laying her white dress on the shelf in there.

Closing her closet door, Rarity turned and collapsed against it, ruminating on the events inside the cave. She'd been putting on a brave face for Dash and Sweetie, but in truth, what happened in there disgusted her. It upset her. How would Sweetie Belle feel, knowing her sister, who she always looked up to as strong and intelligent . . . had been violated? How would their friends react if they found out about it?


Not in any good way,
Rarity thought.

And Rainbow Dash . . . how was she faring? Was she traumatized, and just masking it? Or was she just doing her best to forget it and move on?

What the
Pony Hell

was
that thing, anyhow?

These were the questions Rarity asked herself as she put a hand over her head. She wiped her away her tears and shushed her quiet cries before taking a long walk towards her bed. Normally, she would gracefully place herself under the covers, moving so elegantly that it would seem, except for the bump of her body, that the covers hadn't been disturbed at all.

But today, she just wanted to collapse. So she spread her arms and fell forwards, landing on her bed with a thump. She managed to get her head into her pillow, just enough for it to soak up her tears as she tried to force herself to sleep.


When Rarity woke up the next morning, she took in a deep breath. Nothing like a good night's sleep to overcome being force-fed by goo-tendrils. Rolling over, she saw it was early in the morning. The first thought that crossed her mind was to get out of her bed and take a shower.

Lifting her legs up, Rarity tossed them over the edge of the bed, using their momentum to carry herself off the mattress.

Getting to her bathroom and into her bathrobe – a simple, pure-white bathroom with pink trim – Rarity reached and turned the faucet, letting the water run so it would heat up.

As she waited, Rarity turned to her bathroom mirror. She tilted her head, not sure she was seeing accurately.

Her breasts were bulging through her robe. Now, she had big breasts, yes, but they looked . . . larger, somehow. Could breasts grow? Rarity knew they developed through puberty, but she also thought they
stopped
once the awkward teenage years were done.

Curious overcoming her, Rarity undid the lace of her robe and let it fall to the ground, revealing her breasts to the mirror. There was absolutely no doubt in her mind now; they were bigger. Before, they just protruded a bit, but now they protruded significantly
and
spilled out over her sides.

"Hmm." Rarity murmured, brushing it aside and stepping into the shower. "Aaah . . ." The steaming, hot water felt utterly divine as it poured all over her body.

"That feels so much better . . ." Rarity moaned to herself, closing her eyes and reveling in the liquid and steam. "Mmmh . . . mmmh . . .
mmmph
." on her third moan, Rarity's eyes shot open. For her to moan in the shower was not odd, but that had been a sexual moan. Something was stimulating her.

She looked down at her "improved" chest, where the water was making it glisten. "Hmm . . ."

Taking a gamble in the hopes it would explain things, Rarity puffed her chest out for the water to hit. The pounding force of the shower head felt incredibly good against her sensitive bust.

"Aah!" Rarity yelped, not expecting such a pleasure. "Oooh-OOH!" She yelped again, feeling an unbelievable surge as . . . something happened.

She retracted, moving her chest from the rushing water and placing an arm over her bust. "What . . ."

Rarity looked down, and was flabbergasted at what she saw.

Her breasts were leaking droplets of a pure-white liquid . . .

Faced with this startling development, Rarity decided to forgo the shower in favor of finding a way to get the milk out of her chest so it would stop weighing her down. She decided the best way to do it was to get out of the tub, and press her breasts over the sink, using her arm to squeeze the milk out. As she stood there, bent over and working her breasts like an Amish churning butter, Rarity sighed.


So this is what I've been reduced to . . .
Rarity rued in her head.
Squeezing milk out of my own damn chest into my bathroom sink . . .


There was a knock on the door. "Rarity?" Sweetie Belle asked from the other side. "Are you all right? You've been in there an awful long time . . ."

Rarity panicked. "I'm, uh, I'm fine, Sweetie Belle!"

"Do-do I need to come in?" Sweetie asked. Rarity heard the doorknob. Rarity blanched. Sweetie Belle could not see her shirtless, let alone
draining breast milk into the sink!


"Sweetie Belle, under no circumstances are you to come in until I say otherwise!" Rarity growled. "Is that clear!?" A bit harsh, perhaps, but what options she did have?

"Oh . . ." Sweetie sounded disappointed, obviously upset by Rarity's raised voice. "Okay . . . I'll leave then . . ."

Rarity heard Sweetie's tiny footsteps as she walked away from the bathroom. Rarity sighed. She really dodged a bullet there. With another frustrated sigh of tiredness, Rarity resumed squeezing herself.

After a long ten minutes or so, Rarity's breasts started to reduce in size. She felt a little relieved at that. At least after doing this, she could still pass on as normal to her social cliques.


There has GOT to be a more efficient way of doing this . . .
Rarity ruminated as the long process continued.

"Okay!" Rarity announced when she had finally finished both her shower and her draining, stepping out of the bathroom. "Sweetie Belle? Sweetie Belle! I'm out of the shower now, it's all right! I'm sorry I yelled at you! . . . Sweetie Belle? Are you all right?"

"I'm downstairs!" Sweetie answered.

Rarity rushed to the lower level of the building, concerns about robbers taking Sweetie hostage or other harmful scenarios rushing through her mind. Thankfully, Sweetie Belle was fine, thought she did seem a little confused.

"What's wrong, Sweetie Belle?"

"Uh . . ." Sweetie Belle pointed at the door. "Rainbow Dash is asking to come in."

"What?" Rarity exclaimed. She made haste towards the door. "What possible reason could Rainbow Dash have for visiting today?" Rarity swung the door open.

"Hey." Dash greeted. "Uh, could I come in?" She tapped her fingers nervously together.

"But of course, darling!" Rarity answered, moving aside. "Whatever for, though, I must ask?"

"Oh, nothing . . . just . . . stopping by. Just . . . wanted to make sure you were okay after . . . yesterday." Dash answered solemnly.

Rarity bit her lip, but attempted to maintain an air of normalcy. "Well, since you're here, would you mind taking Sweetie Belle to school?"

"It's okay!" Sweetie Belle squeaked as she bolted out the door, waving at Dash. "Apple Bloom and Scootaloo are waiting for me!" Rarity couldn't make them out, but as Rainbow moved to let Sweetie pass, she did see the silhouettes of two girls around Sweetie's age, and that was good enough for her.

"Whew!" Rarity wiped her brow with back of her palm. "That was an easy out! . . . come along, Rainbow Dash." Rarity gestured with her finger at Dash to follow. "There's something I wish to discuss with you . . ."

"Um, all right."

Rainbow followed as Rarity poured a pink liquid from a dark green bottle into round glasses.

"Ooh!" Rainbow squealed. "Champagne! Fancy."

"Come." Rarity patted the stool next to her as she sat down at the counter. It was like an approximation of a bar. "Sit."

Rainbow did, sitting down next to Rarity. They both took a shot of the alcoholic beverage, hoping it would calm their nerves.

"So!" Rainbow gasped loudly as she unceremoniously slammed her cup on the table. "What's on your mind?"

"Careful with that, darling, it's glass." Rarity chided. She looked down shamefully at her chest. "Well, do you recall yesterday where that goo tentacle thing made us produce milk and then fed it to each other?"

"Noo." Dash said dryly. "Totally slipped my mind."

"Well, I was in the shower this morning . . ." Rarity explained. "And . . . I noticed my breasts had somehow gotten larger. I ran the water over my breasts and . . . milk started to come out and, well, to make a long story short, I spent the whole morning with my chest over the sink squeezing myself like a lemon. Eventually my chest emptied and shrunk back to normal." Rarity rested her elbows on the table, then cupped her face. She sighed. "Whatever am I going to do? Pouring it over the sink was terribly inefficient . . ."

Rainbow Dash shook her head. "I'm sorry, Rarity, I don't know . . ."

Rarity rubbed her temples sorely, trying to come up with a solution when a loud gurgle sounded out form her. "AAAH!" She shoved her wine glass to the side, causing it to spill. And she crashed down on the table, clutching her head in pain.

"Rarity!?" Dash shrieked, leaping from her stool. "Are you all right!? What's wrong!?"



Author's Notes for "Slime"



This is, by far, my most sexually explicit work yet.



This is intended as a prequel to my other story, "A Poison Most Intimate."



And ORIGINALLY, I had written as a one-shot, and it would go into my OTHER other story of "A Poison Most Intimate: What If" but then this thing got HUGE, so I made it its own thing and split it into chapter.



'Cause ain't no way I'm releasing a 30000-40000 Word SINGLE CHAPTER.



But if the pacing seems more suited to a one-shot, keep that in mind.



. . . also, I'm . . .
sorry
about the goo-breast. Okay?



Also, in case fans of my M-rated works haven't heard the news, I intend to retire from writing Pony Fanfic at the end of this year so I can work on my original novels! Which will be much less explicit!


>