


Disclaimer: My Little Pony is the properties of Hasbro. This is a non-profit work made by an independent contractor outside of the official company's notice intended for non-profit entertainment and speculative purposes only.



Darkryt Orbinautz presents...




Unto This White Poison





Chapter 4






Strain




Returning to the Boutique, Rarity tossed her items in the vague, general direction of where they were supposed to go and sat down at the kitchen counter. Normally, Rarity kept everything neat and tidy. Everything had to be perfectly folded and inserted its appropriate place. But right now, she was so fascinated by the new discovery she made that she made for a chair as soon as her arms were free, to reflect upon the extent of her abilities.

Rarity formed the slimefinger around her index and let Rainbow suckle on it, allowing Rarity a blanket white noise in the room.

"Do you realize what this means, Rainbow Dash?" Rarity absently questioned, one hand supporting her chin, the other floating lazily in the air near Rainbow Dash. "There's so many unsavory doors this could unlock. I can use this to manipulate people! I can
control
them! And they would never have any idea . . ."

"Hmm?" Dash inquired, taking her mouth off the slimefinger. Dash rubbed it between her finger and thumb. "Sorry, I was distracted."

"Pfft." Rarity scoffed and abruptly got up, walking off to the other to put her things away. Rainbow merely stood there for a moment.

"Oh, hey!" Dash called, using one hand to swing herself around on chair. "We haven't met everyone else for lunch in the square in a while! They're probably going to get worried."

"Drat, you're right!" Rarity shouted back. "We must make sure we do that tomorrow then, hmm?"


The day after, all of Rainbow's and Rarity's energy in the morning were directed towards the one goal of being presentable when they met the others for lunch this afternoon. See, in Ponyville, there was a large market square that contained markets, stalls, and tiny restaurants. Kind of like an outdoor food court. Rarity, Dash, and their friends Twilight, Fluttershy, Pinkie, and Applejack had an agreement to meet for lunch at the same table at regular intervals. While the terms of it said that it was okay to miss out every so often, everyone else was going to worry when they realized Rarity and Dash hadn't been there for nearly a week or so.

"Hey guys!" Rainbow Dash waved as she and Rarity approached the table. Everyone else had beaten them to it already and ordered their own food and beverages.

"Hey, girls!" Twilight' was the first to greet them as they took seats and called over a waiter. "We were starting to get worried about you. We haven't really seen you all week. Except for the time Rarity came into my library . . ." Twilight trailed, taking a sip of her drink, recalling how brief that lecture had been.

"Actually, I saw Rainbow Dash just yesterday!" Pinkie Pie chimed in. She looked away from Twilight to Rainbow Dash. "Hey . . . and Dashie was wearing that same dog collar yesterday!" Pinkie got up and reached over the table, grabbing Dash's collar. ""Rainbow Dash, property of-""

Rainbow Dash grabbed Pinkie's hands and shoved her back before she could finish reading it. "Property of none of your business, okay!? Dang it, Pinkie Pie, why can't you just leave things be!?" Embarrassed, Dash shoved the collar down her shirt.

Pinkie Pie sat back down. "Okay, okay! Sheesh. I can't imagine why you'd be so protective of a collar, though, Dashie!"

"And quit calling me Dashie!" Rainbow Dash snapped, slamming her fist on the table. This scared everyone else, as Rainbow Dash had never taken offense at Pinkie's pet name for her before.

They didn't know Rainbow now considered herself Rarity's pet. And for Pinkie to address Dash like that . . . well, to Rainbow Dash, it was like Pinkie was making an uninvited intrusion onto Rarity's personal property. It was like Pinkie claiming ownership of the "Rainbow Dash dog" which was
Rarity's
possession with no muddy legal ground.

A lull in the conversation happened as neither Rarity or Dash said anything after that.

"Well?" Twilight said, breaking the silence.

"Well what?" Rarity replied, taking her food from the waiter.

"You're not gonna . . . criticize Rainbow Dash's dog collar?"

"Why would I do that, darling?"

"BeeeCAUSE!" Pinkie interjected in the most annoying manner she could. "You're ALWAYS the fashion person, Rarity! You're always going on about décor and colors and complimenting the figure and you're not saying anything about Rainbow Dash using a dog collar?" Pinkie put her hands around her face and began wiggling as she did an impersonation. "Oh, Rainbow Dash, darling, why ever would you do that? Dog collars are soo last season!"

Applejack chuckled. "Hey, that was pretty good, there, Pinkie Pie!" In fairness, Pinkie had nailed Rarity's voice remarkably well.

Rarity blandly stared at her food and drink, ignoring the conversation.

"Still nothing?" Twilight asked, concern seeping in.

"What, darling?"

"Normally you'd be all over Pinkie Pie for imitating you like that!" Twilight exclaimed, slapping the air.

"Oh." Rarity realized, still disinterested. "Uh, yes. Darling. That was a spot-on imitation of how I sound." She idly took a sip of her drink.

Applejack whispered something into Twilight's ear. Twilight scratched her chin, moving her eyes up and down Rarity's frame, then whispered something back. Applejack whispered something back again.

Rarity's sipping ground to a halt. She popped the straw out of her mouth and slammed her drink on the table, as opposed to simply placing it down. A perfectly calculated move on her part, as the loud noise would make sure everyone was paying attention when she next spoke.

"Is there a problem, darlings?"

"Well, uh . . ." Twilight blushed and nervously tapped her fingers together. "Well, I wasn't gonna say anything, but you know, these things happen . . ."

"WHAT "things" happen, darling!?" Rarity snapped, highly frustrated with Twilight's dodging of the question.

Twilight gulped and put her arms under the table, trying to make herself seem as small as possible so Rarity would have mercy on her for whatever she said next. "Applejack thinks you've gotten breast implants."

At this, Fluttershy raised an eyebrow. She seemed to take an interest in staring at Rarity's chest even though she previously displayed none.

"Implants?" Rarity questioned, swirling the straw of her drink. She chuckled a bit and smiled deviously. "Well, now, darling, that's rude. You presume just because I'm vain, I've paid for such modifications?"

"Well ya gotta admit, Rarity. It's not natural for a woman's chest to suddenly swell up like yours has."

"I have no idea what you're talking about." Rarity lied, taking another sip from her straw.

"Ha." Applejack laughed, slapping Twilight's back. This had the side-effect of making Twilight lurch forward, as Twilight didn't get out much, whereas Applejack's body was toned from working at her family farm. "See, Twi? I knew they were inflatable!"

Rarity said nothing. This eventually perturbed Twilight and Applejack.

"Rarity, are y'all okay? Normally y'all would have bit my head off for makin' a crack like that."

"Well, that depends on your definition." Rarity glanced at Rainbow Dash. "By some definitions of "okay," I am quite okay. By other definitions of okay, I am not okay at all."

Applejack made a confused face. "Uhh . . . okay?"

"That depends on your definition, doesn't it?" Rarity smirked.

"You gotta admit, you walked into that one." Twilight said. Applejack nodded in acknowledgment of this.

"Well, um . . ." Fluttershy stuttered, as she was very timid and afraid to voice her opinion for fear of hurting someone's feelings. "If Rarity wants to inject horrible, unnatural chemicals into her body-" Fluttershy was pro-nature, so it makes she would object to a process as biologically unnecessary as cosmetic surgery.

"The next person who comments on my breasts, I am going to choke with them." Rarity interjected. Rainbow Dash whistled innocently. "So can we please stop talking about such a crass subject matter? Can we talk about something
nice
? Like the weather or Fluttershy's animals?"

That seemed to the trick Rarity was hoping for, as everyone turned their attention to Fluttershy, asking about what animals the nature-lover had recently taken under her wing. Fluttershy eagerly answered their questions and went on at length about the wonders of nature.

Rarity, meanwhile, coolly sipped her drink.


"Well, that wasn't pleasant." Rainbow Dash said, following Rarity home the evening after. Rarity tossed the single shopping bag she had today to the ground.

Rarity stopped and turned around. "What wasn't?"

"Earlier. This afternoon." Rainbow elaborated. "With Applejack and Twilight and everyone else asking about your br-"

Rarity, looking deep into the floor and blinking, held her hand out. "Enough. I wish to speak no more of it. I say we just let them believe I've gotten implants."

"But . . . wouldn't that be lying?"

Rarity approached Rainbow Dash and put her hands on Dash's shoulders. "Yes and no. Yes, because technically it's not true. No, because we didn't tell them as much. They said as much, and didn't believe me when I tried to correct them. So, between those two things, I'm not really lying at all, see!" Rarity cupped Rainbow Dash's chin. "Now, I've been improving with how much milk I can hold before it starts to hurt. But as I've been reining it in all day, so I really need to medicate."

Rarity trailed her hand along Rainbow's breast, before reaching under Rainbow's shirt and lifting it up slightly.

Rarity touched her nose to Dash's. Dash got a grin.

"And I mean, I
really
need to medicate." Rarity stressed in a way that made it quite clear she was using an euphemism.

"Let's go." Rainbow grabbed Rarity's hands and intertwined her fingers around Rarity's. They went to Rarity's - . . . to
their
bedroom. Rarity picked up the shopping bag she brought in along the way.

"What's in the bag?" Rainbow Dash questioned as she locked the door behind them to keep Sweetie Belle out.

Rarity smiled. She swung the bag around her arm and pulled out the contents – a long metal link chain with a brace attached. The brace almost looked big enough to wrap around . . .

Rainbow unconsciously rubbed her palm against her throat.

"Since we've discovered your, ah,
preference
for being choked . . ." Rarity explained. "I thought we might replace the dog collar and go one step further with a cast iron chain."

"R-replace?" Rainbow Dash curled her hands into the dog collar and sunk her fingers into it. "Rarity, this was a gift from me to you! I put a lot of thought into it! It was supposed to mean something! You can't just . . . upgrade it like it's an outdated piece of equipment!" Rainbow Dash backed towards the door, her eyes watering.

"Oooh!" Rarity groaned, quickly realizing how much her words had hurt Rainbow Dash's feelings. Rarity ran up to her and embraced her. "Okay, okay. I'm sorry, darling. I didn't realize how much it meant to you, okay? I'm sorry. Look, look." Rarity raised her hand and slowly lowered it to the ground. "I'm putting the chain down, okay? No chain, okay? P-p-please quit crying, darling . . ."

Rainbow sniffed, wiping her tears away with her arm.

Rarity bit her lip, furtive. After a moment, she exclaimed and snapped her fingers. "Ah! I've got just the thing. Wait right here, darling." Rarity left, dashing away to the corner of the room.

Rainbow sniffed, her emotions still hurting from Rarity's callous attempt to replace her collar.

"Shh, shh, shh." Rarity said like a mother coddling her child. "Here. This ought to cheer you up." Before Rainbow could ask what Rarity had got, Rarity cinched the accompanying leash onto Rainbow's collar. "There. See? Right as rain."

Rainbow Dash sniffed one more time, before offering Rarity a light smile. She gave out a "hurrk!" as unexpected force began to tug at the collar. Rainbow Dash's feathers fanned out in anticipation.

"You ready?" Rarity teased, lifting one leg behind her.

Dash nodded, her smile growing wider and turning lustful.

Rarity chuckled, a sick glee forming as she tugged in gentle measurements along the leash, choking Rainbow Dash more and more. It filled with this- this sense of power, of attractiveness, of-of
ownership
. "Are you ready?" Rarity stroked her Rainbow Dash's chin. "Are you gonna be a good girl?"

Rainbow Dash nodded, her smile turning into a lopsided grin. "I'm-I'm ready! I'm going to be a good girl!"

Rarity continued stroking Rainbow Dash's chin. "A
very good
girl? A very good
, obedient
girl?"

Rainbow nodded, panting lustfully and gasping for breath. Despite how much she liked the feeling of being choked, Rainbow Dash was absolutely fed up with Rarity's teasing. So she wrapped her arms around Rarity and tackled her, pushing across the room and onto the bed. Dash swooped Rarity, covering her neck in kisses.

"Oh, Rainbow Dash!" Rarity mocked-complained, thrashing her limbs and giggling at the ticklish sensation of Rainbow's lips on her sensitive neck. "This- ha! - not being
obedient
! Heeheehee!" Rarity was able to resist Dash's ministrations long enough to reach up her hand and grab the back of Rainbow Dash's head. Rarity forced Dash's up, but only so she could kiss Dash on the lips. They wrapped their arms around the others' back and kissed each other with conviction. Rainbow Dash's wings spread out, and the bed began to quake under their fire for each other.


The next morning, Rarity was jostled up from her sleep by movement in her bed. She opened her eyes to see Rainbow Dash moving.

"W-what?" Rarity shot her hand out and clamped around Rainbow's arm like a vice. "Rainbow Dash? Where are you going, my sweet?"

Rainbow Dash looked at her with an apologetic expression. Rarity's body filled with dread. She knew that expression. That was the kind of expression someone wore when they about to say something they didn't want to say, but had to, and it was something they knew the people in the room weren't going to like.

"Rarity . . . I have to go to work."

"W-what?" Rarity sat upright, letting go of Dash's arm. "W-why? Have I not been good enough to you? Have I not been a satisfying romantic partner!?" Rarity grabbed Rainbow's shoulders and starting shaking her. "Was I bad in bed!?"

"No, no, no!" Rainbow insisted, grabbing Rarity's arms and lifting them off. "You've been great in the bed! And all those other things, too! But, you know . . . I still have my own house to pay for. And if I don't come in, I'll eventually get fired."

"Oh." Rarity blushed, realizing she was being foolish. "Yes, yes, there is that . . ." She rested her head on her hand. "I suppose we'll have to do something about that pesky little house of yours . . "

Rainbow Dash raised an eyebrow. "You saying' you want me to move in with you?"

" . . . eventually."

Rainbow Dash threw her leg over the side of the bed. "Well, if that happens, one of us has to be the breadwinner around here."

Rarity took offense. She placed her hands on her hips. "Exscuse me!? My dressmaking can make more in a week than your dull weather job can in a month!"

"Yeah," Dash admitted as she struggled with getting her shirt on, "but you're missing a key word in that sentence."

"Which is?"

"Can." Dash stressed. "It can. That doesn't mean it will. It CAN make more than in a month than I will in two years. It also CAN make barely enough to break even. See, your job's pay is based on commission, where my job is a salary. Maybe it's not the greatest salary, and it won't get Sweetie Belle a chariot from Canterlot so she could ride to the moon." Rarity laughed. "But at least it's consistent."

"But . . ." Rarity put her hand on Rainbow's shoulders. "What if I need to medicate while you're gone?"

Rainbow heaved a deep sign. "You'll just have to make do. You can survive one day without me, can't you? Just one? And not even the whole day, just until five. Just . . ." Rainbow Dash placed a hand on Rarity's shoulder. "Try to make it until then, okay? Just try. For me, please. And for your sister." Dash poked Rarity in the chest, but it was a more admonishing poke.

Rarity opened her mouth to say something, but nothing came out. She closed her eyes and nodded. "Y-yes. Of course. I . . . I'll try."

Rainbow Dash stood up, ready to get to work.

"Wait!" Rarity shouted, reaching an arm after her. "What if you need to medicate? What if you need my milk while you're there?"

"I'll come back at lunch break." Rainbow Dash informed, transparently irritated with how Rarity seemed intent on keeping her here as long as possible.

"What if you need it before then? After all, its effects haven't exactly stuck to a schedule, darling . . ."

Rainbow sighed and covered her eyes with her hand. She looked just an exasperated dad trying to explain something difficult to his daughter.

"Wait here." Dash told her. "I got an idea."

Rainbow Dash left the room, the door closing with a click behind her. Rarity crossed her arms and tried to warm herself, as the room seemed chilly without Dash. Rainbow Dash wasn't even gone for three minutes, and Rarity already felt like she wanted to cry. She was becoming dependent on that pegasus.

Rainbow Dash soon returned, and in her hand was a tube of green plastic that tapered neat the top and spread out at the bottom.

"A soda bottle?" Rarity asked.

"An empty soda bottle!" Rainbow Dash corrected her, like it was the most brilliant invention since the light bulb. "Here." Rainbow Dash unscrewed the cap and held it out to Rarity. "Just pour some milk into this, and I'll take it with me."

Rarity made a squiggly line with her mouth. While in theory, she understood and even approved of Rainbow Dash's idea – Dash could take it with to her work, and if Dash started to feel the urge, all she had to do was just pop open the bottle and take a swig. To all outward apperances, it would seem completely normal. Especially given that the green plastic would put in a color filter, disguising the fact there was milk inside.

In practice, Rarity was disgusted. That was – that was sick and morbid and perverted and – and – and she didn't want to do it!

"Rarity . . ." Rainbow sighed.

"All right, all right. Fine." Rarity took the bottle and opened it. She removed the clothing she bothered to put back on. She gave Rainbow Dash an eye.

"What?" Rainbow Dash groaned, throwing her hands through the air.

Rarity huffed and turned away. "Would you mind looking another way, please?"

"Wha- Rarity, I've seen you naked multiple times now! I have directly drank milk from your own Celestia-damn chest, and you don't want me to watch you pour a mild drug treatment therapy solution – that was a lot of words – into a bottle!?"

"No!" Rarity shouted back. "This is- this is different. It's . . . disgusting."

"Oh, so having sex with me in the shower and drinking milk from your breasts is fine, BUT THE MOMENT we have to PUT IT IN A BOTTLE, it's suddenly the worst thing in the world?"

"Yes." Rarity answered indignantly.

"I . . ." Rainbow Dash raised her hands up through the air, almost touching her face. She was at an absolute loss for words. "Ugh. Whatever. I'm going to be late for work at this rate." Rainbow Dash covered her eyes and turned to the door. "Just get it over with so I can leave."

"Thank you." Rarity growled. Rainbow Dash impatiently stomped her foot as she waited for Rarity to finish.

"Here."

Rainbow Dash whipped around and grabbed the bottle, but Rarity wouldn't let it go.

"It's just . . . it's just weird." Rarity explained.

"Yeah. Great. Perfect. Gotta go!" Dash took the bottle and ran out the door, leaving it swinging to and fro as she didn't even bother to close it.

Rarity watched the swinging door for awhile, trying to reject the wave of sadness that was threatening to wash over her body.

But she gave in, throwing herself against the bed with a frustrated grunt of "uuugh!"


Rainbow Dash's work day was mostly uneventful, as far as working with the raw elements of weather goes. She did, however, become especially jumpy out of paranoia someone was going to come out of the blue and revealed that they knew Dash had brought a bottle of Rarity's milk to work. A ridiculous thought, but one that ingrained itself into Rainbow Dash's head. She and Rarity would both die of embarrassment if so much as one thing related to their relationship, even
tangentially
related to their relationship, got out.

It would be unfortunate if any of her coworkers decided to pull a good-natured office prank today. She would be startled out of her wits and unable to come up with a good counter-prank.

At lunch break, Rainbow Dash made her way to her work station like everyone else. But as soon as she sat down at a table, she felt that urge creep its nasty little way into her again. That need for Rarity's milk.


Rarity's creamy, rich, delicious milk
. . . Rainbow Dash thought to herself. She fantasized about surprising Rarity in the middle of the day, coming home to ravish her . . . she put her fist on the table and was about to push herself up when she remembered . . .


The bottle!


She pulled the bottle out of her pocket and eagerly uncapped, lifting it up to her mouth to take a drink.


Haha! Yes! I don't have to go home at all! I'm a genius!


Rainbow Dash's eyes widened, and she had to fight really hard to get her free hand to the grab bottle and take it away from her lips before she drank it all in one gulp.

Rainbow Dash was about congratulate herself on A) coming up with the plan, and B) keeping herself from drinking all the milk at once when she felt a shiver run down her spine. She felt so . . . hot.


Oh, damn it.
Rainbow realized, remember too late the drugs in the milk induced arousal.
The milk is sexually stimulating, so now I'm all aroused . . . not QUITE how I planned this . . .


"Hey, Rainbow Dash!"

"AAH!" Rainbow Dash jumped away from the sudden noise, about to take off through the door, when she realized it was just Ditzy Doo coming over to say hi. "Oh. Hey, Ditzy."

Ditzy chuckled. "Well, someone's a little extra scaredy-cat today?" Ditzy sat down next to Rainbow Dash, placing a tray full of food on the table. Ditzy raised an eyebrow at Rainbow Dash's lack of a tray.

"Why don't you have any food?"

"I, um . . . got distracted." Dash mumbled. Ditzy noticed the bottle.

"What's in the bottle, Dash?"

"It's nothing." Dash insisted, taking the bottle away protectively.

"Well, clearly it's not nothing, or there wouldn't be anything in your hand!" Dash knew Ditzy meant that statement to be cute and endearing, but in her state, Dash found it annoying.

Rainbow Dash stopped to think. If she didn't find some way to throw Ditzy off the trail quick, then Ditzy was going to be on her case all day. Rainbow Dash thought about something Rarity had told her a long time ago. Dash didn't pay much attention to it then, but it sure seemed helpful now; that the best lies are the ones that were at least half-true.

"A friend made it for me." Dash answered, screwing the cap back on. Awesome. Half-true. In fact, one could make the case it was completely true, just . . . excluding certain details.

Ditzy became interested. "Would this friend be willing to make me some? I'd like to know what it is that you're being so protective of it!"


No,
Dash thought,
you really wouldn't.


"Uh . . . no." Rainbow Dash said. "She made it . . . just for me."

"Oh, I see!" Ditzy said happily. "A special friend, huh? The kind that tucks you in at night?"

"No!" Rainbow Dash insisted. Celestia must have been smiling on her today, because somehow, despite all possible odds, she managed to fight the blush Ditzy's comment would have otherwise incited.

"Oh, mee-ow." Ditzy hissed. "Someone woke on the wrong side of the bed today, huh?"

Dash wanted to sarcastically quip "more like woke up on the wrong side of
someone
" but she knew that would give Ditzy enough raw data that she could work Dash was in a relationship, and then Ditzy would follow her after in the hopes of discovering who Rainbow Dash had fell for, so Dash abstained her tongue.


Rarity was lying on her bed, miserable. She felt absolutely . . . empty without Rainbow Dash around, and she was resolvent to not get out of her bed for any reason.

At least until Sweetie Belle cracked the door open.

"Hey, Rarity?" Sweetie Belle asked sweetly, piercing through Rarity's veil of despair just enough that Rarity would at least
pretend
to have any interest in what Sweetie Belle had to say.

"What, Sweetie Belle?"

"You . . . didn't come down for breakfast, so I tried to make my own." Sweetie Belle explained. At Rarity's expression turning into one of panic, Sweetie Belle made her way into the room and waved her hands. "No, no! I didn't burn anything! I just poured myself a bowl of cereal, and . . ."

"And?" Rarity demanded, suspecting Sweetie Belle had burned
something
.

"I can't get to the milk in the fridge." Sweetie Belle admitted. "It's too high-up. Would you mind helping?"

"Oh." Rarity's anger died down, and her misery took a backseat. "All right then. Is that all? I guess I can do that . . ."

Rarity followed Sweetie Belle down the stairs to the kitchen, where despite Rarity's worries, there was a bowl of cereal on the counter without any milk. And it wasn't burned like something out of an industrial furnace.

Rarity went to the fridge and pulled it open. Reaching up at the top shelf, Rarity pulled out a jug of milk. Rather than open it right away, Rarity lifted the jug up to her face and scrutinized it.

"Why does the sight of you disgust me so?" Rarity questioned, once again talking to regular, store-bought milk like it was sentient.

"Uuh . . . Rarity?" Sweetie's voice broke Rarity out of her trance. "Are you . . . just gonna stand there all day and stare at the carton?"

"Oh! Um, yes. I mean, no. I'm sorry, Sweetie. I've just been a little distracted. Bring your bowl here."

Sweetie Belle held the bowl up to Rarity. Rarity opened the milk and carefully poured it into the bowl.

"There you go." Rarity said, closing the bottle.

"Thanks!" Sweetie Belle held the bottle up and gave Rarity a tight hug. "You're the best big sister ever!"

Rarity chuckled, her heavy heart lessened somewhat by Sweetie Belle's compliment. She patted Sweetie Belle's head. Sweetie Belle hopped up on the counter's chair, placing her bowl and beginning to eat. Rarity held the jug up and walked towards the fridge.


You . . .
Rarity thought, mentally hissing at the milk. This- this jug that sought to mock her. This jug that was produced and rolled out in a factory, set to roll on its industrial treadmills to be given to stores across the country. This thing that mocked her and her milk, her delicious, lovely milk which she fed to Rainbow Dash. It was like distant family, Rarity thought. Her milk was the bad cousin smoking drugs in an alleyway, wearing nothing but scraps. Meanwhile, the store-bought milk was the squeaky-clean good son who wore a nice, blue-gray pinstripe suit and managed his own small company.


W-what am I saying?
Rarity thought.

It was milk! It was just milk like any other people can buy from a store! She could go into the store and find dozens of other jugs exactly like this one! It's not exactly like it set up that thing in the cave!

Rarity opened the fridge and put the milk away. She turned around and walked away a few steps, then stopped and turned back around on it.

But wait . . . what if it DID set up that thing in the cave? What if it was part of some corporate sham of some sort from the milk factories?

Rarity was tempted to open the fridge and grill the jug about what it might know of the thing in the cave. She slapped the sides of her head and began to apply pressure to it, sliding her hands along to the front of her face and pulling them down.


Get a hold of yourself, Rarity. There is no massive scam on industrial level from the milk people. And even if there was, this bottle of milk wouldn't tell me anything about it. It is physically incapable of speaking!


"I . . . I think I'll shall be going back to bed now. Yes . . . yes, that seems like a good idea." Rarity informed the oblivious Sweetie Belle before trotting back to her bed.


When Rainbow Dash got out of work and returned to the Boutique, the sun was hanging low in the sky, giving a pink gleam that filtered through the Boutique's windows, giving the foyer the illusion of being bathed in gold.

The door to Carousel Boutique clicked open as Rainbow Dash came through it. She closed the door and locked it behind her, the click summoning Sweetie Belle the ray a dinner bell summoned up cats.

"Rainbow Dash! You're back!" Sweetie Belle exclaimed, running to Dash and wrapping her arms around Rainbow Dash's legs. "Can we play a game?"

"Whoa, easy there, kiddo." Rainbow Dash bent down and scruffed up Sweetie Belle's hair. "I just got back from work. Give me a minute to rest my legs." Rainbow Dash looked around. "Where's Rarity?"

"Oh . . ." Sweetie Belle put her hands behind her back and swung herself forward and backward, like she had done something she knew she shouldn't have. "She's been in bed all day."

Rainbow's expression contorted to a disapproving and suspicious one. "All day, huh?" She rubbed her chin, her eyebrow crooking. She was about to scream Rarity's name when they heard footsteps daintily making their way down the stairs.

"Rainbow Dash!" Rarity exclaimed, running into the room and embracing her beau. "You're back!"

"Uh, yeah?" Dash said awkwardly, patting Rarity's back. "Why would I not be?"

"I was so worried you had left me . . ." Rarity nuzzled Dash's shoulder, sounding she didn't hear a word Rainbow Dash said. Rarity opened her eye at Sweetie Belle. "Ahem. Could we, ah?" Rarity gestured up the stairs towards her bedroom. "Move?"

"Rarity, I just got back." Rainbow Dash raised her head up to look at Sweetie Belle, then leaned into Rarity's side so she could whisper. "Do you really think I'm going to be in the mood for sex?"

"I was hoping." Rarity immaturely whispered back.

"Okay." Rainbow Dash said, distancing herself from Rarity and placing her hands firmly on Rarity's shoulders. "We need to talk."

"I know what that means!" Sweetie Belle interrupted. ""Sweetie Belle, out of the room!"" Sweetie Belle mocked, pretending to be Rarity, pitching her voice and waving her hand. She walked out of the room, allowing Rarity and Rainbow Dash to talk amongst themselves.

"Rarity . . ." Rainbow Dash said gently. "If you're going to be so dependent on me that you lay in bed all day without me, then maybe . . . maybe we should stop seeing each other for a while. You know, so you can get back on your feet."

Rarity's jaw dropped. "You're breaking up with me!?"

"No, no. I never said that." Rainbow Dash told her firmly. "I just meant we should take a break."

Rarity grabbed Dash by the shoulders and shook her. ""Taking a break" IS CODE for "Breaking up!" Look! They even both have the word "Break" in them!"

"Rarity, chill out!" Rainbow Dash shucked Rarity's hands off her. "Yeesh!"

"What about Sweetie Belle?" Rarity asked, nuzzling into Dash's shoulder. "You make her so happy . . ."

"What about Sweetie Belle?" Rainbow Dash groaned. "Look, Sweetie Belle has got along just fine for as long she's lived without me. A few days where I'm not around won't hurt her. And besides, she needs her big sister to be stable more than she needs me."

"Mmm." Rarity's groaned signified her concession to Dash's point. She raised her eyebrows up hopefully. "And the milk? You know it doesn't like it when I keep it in . . ."

"Can't you just . . . I don't know, pour into the sink like you did before?"

"I could . . . probably. But-"

Rainbow Dash put a finger to Rarity's lips. "No buts. We are taking a break from each other. I'll get some more bottles for us to put both our milk in, so we can be set for a few days. And then I'll come back, and we can keep doing what we've been doing, okay?"

"Ooh . . ." Rarity groaned. "Since when do you know so much more about relationships than I do!?"

Rainbow Dash shrugged. "I dunno."

"Tell me one thing, though, Rainbow Dash." Rarity lifted her head up from Dash's shoulders with hopeful, gleaming eyes. "Did the bedroom get stale?"

Rainbow sighed, putting a hand over her face. "No, Rarity, the bedroom did not get stale. Now you would please just do what I'm asking!?"

"All right . . . all right, fine." Rarity admitted, taking her arms off Rainbow Dash and stepping away. She held her hand close to her chest and looked ashamedly.

"I expect to see you again when our "break" is done." Rarity said gently.

"You can count on it." Dash replied. She crossed her arms. "But can I count on you to pull yourself together by then?"

Rarity grinded her teeth. "I'll try. I'll promise you that much."

"Great." Rainbow Dash turned around and was about to leave.

"You know what the funny thing is, Rainbow Dash? After all that time . . . all those failed attempts of mine to get a man, a partner . . . I found my perfect partner was right next to me all along, in one of my best friends."

Rainbow Dash grunted, annoyed how Rarity was finding ways to keep her there longer than necessary. "Good night, Rarity." Rainbow Dash forced the door open.

" . . . Rainbow Dash?"

Dash sighed, hanging her head. "What?"

"I love you."

Dash calmed down, and took in a deep breath. "I love you, too, Rarity. That's why I'm doing this to you."

Rainbow Dash closed the door, leaving Rarity alone in her foyer, during the cold, dark night.


Two days later, Rarity and Rainbow Dash met up with the others at lunch again. Despite the fact that the sky was as gray as the side of a container of paint. Rainbow Dash gave her assurances that it wasn't going to rain on their, or anyone's parade. But just in case, Applejack, Twilight, Pinkie, and Fluttershy all dressed in their rain garb, just in case. Rain coats, mud boats. The works. So it was just that much stranger when Rainbow Dash and Rarity joined them at their table, dressed in their usual clothing.

"Uh, Rarity? Rainbow Dash?" Applejack questioned. "Aren't y'all worried that it might rain?" Applejack and Pinkie looked up at the sky to emphasize their point.

"No." Rarity answered blankly. "Not at all. Why do you ask?"

"Uuh . . . coz it's as dark as a bat's cave out here?" Applejack suggested. It was becoming apparent she was frustrated by Rarity's apathetic, disinterested attitude towards her and her suggestions.

"Actually, bat caves aren't that dark." Fluttershy muttered, not that anyone could hear her. And even if they did, they wouldn't value that tidbit too much.

"Hey!" Pinkie noticed. "Dashie's-" Rainbow Dash growled. "Oh, sorry. Rainbow Dash is wearing a leash today to go with her collar!"

Everyone raised eyebrows, Rainbow Dash becoming the center of their attention. Rainbow Dash was usually an arrogant showwoman who craved the spotlight, but given the circumstances that led into her wearing a dog collar, she'd really not have any more attention on her than any other day. Everyone else eventually dropped it when it became clear Rainbow Dash wasn't going to make one word about the collar and leash.

The entire time they ate, Applejack maintained an accusing eye on Rarity. Rarity noticed, but decided to ignore it. At least until Twilight and Applejack started whispering again.

"Uugh!" Rarity groaned frustratedly, throwing her silverware against the table. She pressed her hands down on the table and stood up. "What is it
this time
, "darlings"!?"

Twilight nervously rubbed her index and thumb together. "Well, it's nothing. Really, we just thought- you know, how these things come and go . . ."

"Spit. It. Out!"

"Your breasts shrunk." Applejack said, crossing her arms. She and Rarity locked gazes, Applejack's suspicious, Rarity's imperious and unyielding.

"So?" Rarity drawled, like this was something that happened to everybody at a certain point in their life.

"So we're concerned, 'cos that don't usually happen when y'all git implants!" Applejack retorted, slamming her hands on the table.

Pinkie, Twilight and Fluttershy stared with worry as Applejack and Rarity continued to stare each other down. The two had always lived on opposite sides of every applicable spectrum. Applejack never gave mind to a speck of dirt on her, while Rarity had a fit if even so much as a lock of hair was out of place. For them to get into arguments was not unheard of, but if this went on, it would be the first time they got into an active physical fight.

Rainbow Dash took action, getting up and grabbed Rarity's shoulders from behind. "I'll, uh, just take Rarity somewhere else to calm down, okay?" Rainbow Dash tugged on the collar of Rarity's dress until Rarity yielded and followed as Rainbow Dash led her away from the table and into the town's open roads.

"Ah'm followin' them." Applejack declared, scooting her chair out from the table. "Sumthun is not right."

"Applejack, don't!" Twilight objected, reaching a hand out to stop her. "You'll only make things worse - ! . . . Too late, she's gone." Twilight sighed and took a sip of her drink.

Rainbow Dash was nuzzling into Rarity's shoulder when they heard the clunk of Applejack's boots from behind them. Rainbow Dash snapped to, tearing herself away from Rarity far enough it wouldn't like they were doing anything other than talking.

"Consarn it, Rarity!" Applejack shouted, trying to get Rarity's attention. "Even y'all, for all yer vanity, have to admit it's not natural for a woman's chest to grow and then shrink again! Wut's really goin' on, huh?"

Rarity looked over her shoulder, shooting Applejack a cold stare that made even Applejack, who was usually as unflappable and flippant as Rainbow Dash, freeze in her tracks.

Rarity looked to her hand, which she slowly raised up. She rubbed her fingers, deep in thought, as the goo began to form around her fingers. Rainbow Dash noticed and became distressed.

"Rarity," Rainbow Dash whispered, cuddling up to Rarity and putting a hand on Rarity's shoulder. "Rarity, please don't. I know it seems like the only way, but there's got something else. This isn't like that thug in the store. There's another way. She's our friend. One of our best friends. P-please don't. Put it away, Rarity. Put-put the goo
away
."

"Wut are y'all whisperin' about over there!?" Applejack demanded, tensing up. She was ready to slug the both of 'em; all she needed was a good excuse.

Rarity looked to Rainbow Dash, like Rainbow Dash's face was a coin that Rarity had tossed to decide whether or not she was willing to use the goo on Applejack. It must have ended on the right side, as Rarity absorbed the goo back into her hand and turned to face Applejack.

"Well, Applejack. It's quite simple. Really. My doctor told me the implants were affecting my health, so I got them removed. End of story. Are you satisfied now?" Rarity trailed her hands along Rainbow Dash's leash, then jerked on it as she guided Rainbow Dash away. Rainbow Dash moved quickly on her feet to mask the fact Rarity was pulling on her from Applejack.

Applejack watched them, oblivious to the presence of Rarity's hands on that leash.

" . . . Yeah, okay, Ah guess Ah am." Applejack muttered before going to rejoin the others at their table.

Rainbow Dash and Rarity walked very closely to each other, even taking into account the fact Rarity was pulling on Dash with a dog leash.

Rainbow Dash looked over their shoulders at the departing Applejack, then went back to Rarity. "You know as soon as your chest fills up with milk and expands again, we're totally doomed."

"Perhaps not." Rarity replied wisely.

"Really? We just told Applejack that you got rid of your "implants", and we both know that's not what's
really
happened."

"True, but I plan on using a new apparel to deal with that. Have you ever heard of padded clothing, darling?"

" . . . Ooooh. Smart."

"I like to think I am, yes."


Rarity laid on the bed that night, eager for Rainbow Dash to come and take her body once again. She got worried when Rainbow Dash didn't come in immediately after her, but that was qualmed when Rainbow Dash made her way in. Dash looked upset.

"Ooh, are you upset about something?" Rarity cooed. She sat up and shook herself until her dress began to fall off. "Well, come here, and I'll make it all better." She smirked.

"Yeah . . ." Rainbow Dash muttered, rolling her shirt up. Here she was, ending up in Rarity's bed . . . again. To have sex . . . again. To drink Rarity's milk . . . again. "Rarity, I'm kinda tired . . . I'm not sure I want to get into bed tonight."

Rarity groaned. "Ooh, but why not, darling? Haven't I been good to you?"

"No. I never said that. You know that's not what I said. I know you're always trying to get in high society with everything means something else, but think about it for a minute, Rarity. I'm not high society. I mean exactly what I say. And I'm just . . ." Rainbow Dash collapsed against the bed, rubbing her head. "When was the last time we went to bed without tearing our clothes off?"

Rarity couldn't answer . . . thus proving Rainbow Dash's point.

"Oh, just one more time, Rainbow Dash?" Rarity pleaded.

Rainbow Dash sighed.

She should say no.

She
knew
she should say no.

"Fine." Rainbow Dash stretched her arm out for Rarity to do what she wished with it.

Rarity pouted. "Oh, come on, Rainbow Dash. I need a little more than that."

Rainbow Dash sighed. "What do you want from me, Rarity? How many times do I have to say it?
I don't feel like it tonight.
"

"Hmm." Rarity sat up, tossing her legs off the edge of the bed. She drummed her fingers against her chin, then perked up. Apparently she had an idea. "You know, Rainbow Dash, statictis show that couples break up because the bedroom got stale . . ."

Rainbow Dash rolled her eyes. "Yeah? So? What's your point?"

"My point, is, that if we want this to last, then we need to find some ways to . . . spice things up, as it were." Rarity bounced around on the bed, facing Rainbow Dash. "I think we should experiment."

Rainbow Dash slumped her back and put her hand beneath her chin. "What do you want to do?"

Rarity patted her lap. "Come. Lay down."

Dash cocked her eyebrow. Whatever Rarity was planning on, it was enough of a mystery to Rainbow Dash to pique Dash's interest back up. "Yeah . . . okay . . . like this?" Rainbow Dash questioned as she stretched herself over Rarity's lap, her legs off hanging off the side and her head resting on the mattress.

"Yes . . ." Rarity purred. "Just like that . . ." Rarity shifted her legs, making Rainbow Dash move slightly. She raised her hand up and brought it crashing down on Rainbow's bottom, spanking her.

Rarity became still as she waited for a response.

"Well? Anything?"

"Well, my tuchis hurts."

"Oh, very well . . . back to the choking, then, I guess?"

"Yeah . . ." Rainbow's elongated, breathy sigh showed her heart still wasn't in it.

Rarity picked up the dog leash and twirled it around her hand. She stopped and hesitated as she was about to pull.

"What is it
now
?" Rainbow Dash demanded, her already low patience at the end of its rope.

"Well, I was thinking . . . perhaps we could use the chain this time?"

Rainbow Dash's hands shot up and wrapped around the collar, pathetic whimpers escaping Dash's lips.

"Just for tonight!" Rarity tried to assure her, waving her hands. "Just for tonight, darling! Just this one time! I won't make you take the collar off if you don't want to . . ."

Rainbow Dash looked at the collar around her neck. Figuring she wasn't going to get out of doing something sexual with Rarity tonight, she resigned herself and unlatched the collar's buckle. She slipped the collar off and rested it on the bed.

"Good, good . . ." Rarity wrapped her arms around Rainbow Dash's head, pulling it downwards into Rarity's cleavage. "You're a good girl, Rainbow Dash . . . a good – a good slave, yes. My little milk slave, drunk unto this white poison in my chest . . ."

Rainbow Dash waved her finger. "Cut the poetry, Rarity."

"Right, right, of course . . . sorry." Rarity popped Rainbow Dash out, then picked up the chain and clicked the brace around Rainbow Dash's neck. Rainbow Dash didn't seem to care in the slightest, like a neglectful parent not bothering to look at the excited crayon drawing of its child.

"Why don't you roll off the bed?" Rarity suggested. Rainbow Dash complied without saying anything, placing her hands down on the mattress before pressing herself up and rolling onto the floor with a thunk. Rarity winced, hoping she didn't just make Rainbow Dash hurt herself. When Rainbow Dash said nothing, Rarity felt they were good to continue and lifted up on the chain, causing Rainbow Dash to choke.

Rainbow Dash followed her natural instinct, reaching up to take the thing choking her off while not intending to actually do as such. She choked for air and gasped in arousal like she usually did . . .

But despite the fact Rarity was catering to her exact fancies, Rainbow Dash's heart still just wasn't in it.


Rarity sat on the counter drinking her champagne. What did she do wrong? Why wasn't Dash's heart in it last night? Why did Rainbow Dash resist all her attempts at seduction? And not just resist them, but resist them with
apathy
?

"Hey." Rainbow Dash's voice just barely pulled Rarity from her reverie.

"Yes?" Rarity responded, her displeasure with the way last night played out seeping through.

Without asking for permission, Rainbow Dash pulled out a chair and sat down next to Rarity. "You're upset about last night, aren't you?" Dash poured herself a cup of champagne.

"Whatever makes you think that, darling?" Rarity asked, taking another sip of her glass.

"There's the fact you're sitting here, drinking champagne first thing the morning, for starters." Rainbow Dash explained. "You're avoiding eye contact with me, and you don't have a very happy face on you."

Rarity sighed. Just to amuse her, she shook her cup to make the liquid inside swirl.

"Look, I'm sorry, okay?" Rainbow Dash groaned with exasperation clear. "But I just didn't want to do it in bed last night."

"Then perhaps we should have used the shower." Rarity muttered.

"You know that's not what I meant."

"Please, continue."

"If you had just needed to medicate, that would have been fine. If we had just done that, it would have been all right. But I didn't want to have sex or do anything related to sex last night, and you had me do it anyway."

"Is there a point waiting for me at the end of this rant?"

"The point, Rarity, is that you can't just milk me (no pun intended) for sex whenever you damn feel like it."

Rarity huffed, taking another sip. Rainbow Dash took another sip herself. Rarity pushed her cup away, uncaring.

" . . . you know," Rarity said after some silence, "A week ago, I asked you if you were happy. You said yes. You said you were happy." Rarity lassoed her arms around Rainbow Dash's neck and once again forced Dash into the squishy comfort of her breasts. "What happened, Rainbow Dash? We used to be happy . . . you said you were happy . . . we were happy . . ."

Rainbow Dash reached up and grabbed Rarity's shoulders, pushing herself out of Rarity's chest. "I'm sorry, Rarity. I don't know." Dash afforded Rarity the comfort of a nuzzle into the neck. "I don't know . . ."

Rainbow Dash stood herself up straight, locking her eyes dead on with Rarity's. Without saying a word, a clear message traveled along the telegraph lines of their minds through that eye contact. Rarity understood everything Rainbow Dash was saying, even though she wasn't saying a thing.

"I'm sorry." Rainbow Dash repeated, getting up from the chair. She wrapped her wings around Rarity, trailing them along like a stuck blanket on Rarity's body before departing the kitchen.

Rarity watched, feigning a total lack of concern as Rainbow Dash walked to the door. Rainbow Dash stopped, turning around to cast her gaze on Rarity one more time, then walked out the door, the click of the doorknob sounding louder than any noise Rarity had ever heard her in a life.

Rarity calmly took another sip of her drink, even as tears began to leak their way out her eyes. The clear liquid swiveled and swerved around her cheeks.

Rarity very calmly set her cup down on the table, wiping a tear away with her finger. Rarity very calmly pushed herself out of her chair, and stoically made her way up the stairs. Rarity very calmly opened the door to her bathroom, and very calmly lifted the toilet seat up. She then very stoically, very very very VERY calmly fell to her knees, lurching over the toilet as her emotional distress caused her to vomit harshly.

"Hmmm . . ." Rarity huffed when her body finally expelled all it had to discard. She got up and wiped her mouth with some tissue and tossed the tissue into the latrine as well. She turned to her mirror, gazing at herself and her curvy body. She turned and posed, her hand traveling along her side, eventually reaching her hip. She put her other hand on breast, feeling the near-infinite refueling of milk happening inside.

She locked eyes with her reflection, observing how cold-looking her dark, diamond-blue eyes seemed in the mirror. She brought both hands up and rubbed them sensually across her cheeks.


What's wrong with me?



The next morning, Rainbow Dash was enjoying some clam chowder for breakfast at the square. She was having a good time, at least relatively speaking. She had just finished swallowing a spoonful and was about to take another when she jumped, feeling her hands coil themselves around her stomach. She was about jump and struggle for her life when she felt a much softer substance rub against her back.

Rainbow Dash groaned. "What do you want, Rarity?"

Rarity rested her chin on Dash's head. "Is there anything else? I want you, darling."

Dash shook her head. "Rarity, I'm trying to eat."

"I see that." Rarity's tone was in the most irritating, disrespectful ones Rainbow Dash had heard in recent memory. "Is my milk just not good enough for you anymore?"

Rainbow Dash tossed her spoon against the table, pressing her palm into her forehead. "Do we really have to do this now? It's eleven in the morning, for crying out loud . . ."

"Well, when you would rather do it?" Rarity cooed, reaching her hands further upwards to Rainbow Dash's breasts. She began rubbing her fingers up and down Rainbow Dash's chest. "Perhaps over a nice, chilled glass of . . . milk?"

Rainbow's eye twitched, and her body shook, trying to get out of Rarity's grip. "R-Rarity, stop it . . . stop-stop teasing me . . . you're gonna make my chest leak milk, and then my shirt's going to be all stained . . ."

"And then you'll have to take if off." Rarity lecherously informed her, digging her fingers into Rainbow Dash's chest. "That's not much incentive for me to stop, now is it?"

Rainbow Dash banged her head against the table. "People are gonna notice . . ."

"Not if you come with me to someplace . . . secluded." Rarity purred.

Rainbow Dash raised her hand and was about to rail against Rarity when Rarity coated her all of her fingers on hand in the goo and slipped that hand under Rainbow's shirt, rubbing the mini-tendrils all over Dash's chest.

"Ooh!" Rainbow groaned, her wings flaring up in arousal. "Ooh, that's-that's good, Rarity . . . that's . . . ooooh, yes . . ." Rainbow Dash closed her eyes, so she could focus all of her attention on this otherworldly feeling of goo across her chest. "Yeah, that's the stuff . . ."

"Will you come with me now?" Rarity whispered in Rainbow Dash's ear. Just in the extremely unlikely case that Rainbow Dash wasn't convinced enough, Rarity stuck her tongue out and jammed into Rainbow Dash's ear, licking it. Dash blushed.

"Okay, okay, yes!" Rainbow Dash got up, pushing her bowl across the table, making a scrape. She was aroused now, unbearably. "Take me whatever! Just please let me do something about this . . . heat!" Rainbow Dash whipped around. Rarity raised up her arms and caught Rainbow Dash's hands in her hands.

"That's a good girl." Rarity said. "And we know what happens when you're good, don't we?"

Rainbow Dash sighed. "Really, Rarity? Are you gonna make me do it in public?"

"Come on. It's not that bad." Rarity said with a smirk.

Rainbow Dash shook her head and sighed. She closed her eyes.

"When you're good to Mistress . . ."

"Mistress is good to you!" Rarity finished, hopping for joy. "Now come along, darling . . ." Rarity pulled Rainbow Dash away to a secluded, grassy clearing that was just off the main road.

Rarity pushed Rainbow Dash, throwing her down to the ground.

"Uh! Hey!" Rainbow Dash complained. "Not cool, Rarity!"

"Oh, don't tell me you wouldn't have done the same thing." Rarity replied.

Dash pointed her finger to object, but upon reflection, found that she couldn't. "Yeah, okay . . . MMF!" Rainbow Dash's limbs spread apart in surprise when Rarity threw herself on top of her.


Two days later, Rainbow Dash and Rarity joined the others for lunch again. Rainbow Dash had her dog collar and leash again, earning blank stares from the others, but they had learned – finally – not to comment on it.

As Rainbow Dash pulled out her seat and collapsed on it, the others noticed she looked incredibly down. Rarity took her seat with all the vanity she was known for, like she was the center of the universe, and secretly, she was ignoring Rainbow Dash's condition.

"What's up, Rainbow Dash?" Pinkie Pie chirped.

Rainbow Dash laid her head down on the table, wrapping her arms around her head. "You ever have a one-night stand that lasts for two weeks!?"

Rarity's eyebrows perked up, but she quickly regained control of herself and made to look like she wasn't surprised or bothered by Rainbow Dash's comment at all.

"I . . . can safely say I've never had that problem." Twilight muttered, taking a sip from her drink to mask the fact that she was uncomfortable talking about such things. And at lunchtime! The nerve on that Rainbow Dash!

"Well, Rainbow Dash, sounds like y'all got one of them "slept wit' em once and now they think yer married tah each other" problems." Applejack said.

"Yeah . . ." Dash agreed, though she sounded insincere. "That's it."

"Well, in that case . . ." Fluttershy mumbled. "You probably need to tell him that there's not really anything between you. It was just one night, wasn't it?"

Rainbow Dash got irritated. "Yup, yup, yup. That's totally what happened. So all I need to do is sit him and down and tell him there's nothing between us, we just went home with each other drunk one night." Rainbow Dash gave an irritated look at Rarity. "Because that's totally what happened."

"What
ever
are you looking at
me
for, darling?" Rarity asked indignantly.

"Never mind." Rainbow Dash said to the others. "Where's our order?"

Later, after they had all finished their orders, Rarity took subtle steps to ensure Rainbow Dash remained with her at the table while everyone else made their way out to do errands or whatever other business they might have in need of being taken care of.

As soon as the last strands of Applejack's blonde hair faded away into the distance, Rarity turned on Rainbow Dash.

"Really, Rainbow Dash!?" Rarity shrieked, causing Rainbow Dash to recoil in alarm. ""A one-night stand that lasts for two- UGH!" Rarity reached over and picked Rainbow Dash up by the scruff of her shirt. Rarity got up, dragging Rainbow Dash to a quiet, lone spot where no one could see them.

"Of all the dirty, rotten, filthy things you could have said to them, you had to go with that!?"

"Hey, hey!" Rainbow Dash insisted, genuinely afraid of Rarity's rage. She put her hands on Rarity's, trying to pry them off her shirt so she could move freely again. "Chill out, Rarity! I- I didn't mean anything by it! I was just venting!"

"Just . . . venting?" Rarity repeated in one those horrible voices Rainbow Dash knew was a lead-in to a verbal explosion. "JUST VENTING!? Do I REALLY mean that little to you, Rainbow Dash? Am I just some toy for you to play with, and then be done with!?"

"Rarity, I didn't mean like that . . . I was just upset-"

"Oh, is that so!? BECAUSE I'M UPSET, TOO, RAINBOW DASH!"

"Rarity . . ." Dash whimpered. "You're gonna draw attention to us . . ."

"Oh, shut up!" Rarity growled. ""Rarity, stop this, Rarity, stop that, nyeh!""

"Rarity, I never said-"

"I'm so mad at you right now!" Rarity yelled. She reached her hands out, cupping the air like she was about to throttle Rainbow Dash. "I could almost . . ." Rarity's voice turned quieter and calmer, making Rainbow Dash even more frightened. "choke . . . you . . ." Rarity said like a difficult realization had set in.

"Rarity?" Dash asked. "What are you-"

Rarity grabbed the dog leash and began winding it around her hand, laughing manically.

"Uh, Rarity? You're really starting to freak me out . . . HRRK!" Dash was jerked forward by Rarity pulling on the leash, choking her. Rarity grinned like a psychopath admiring a bloody scene of carnage, while Rainbow Dash grabbed the leash and yanked it away from her.

"Rarity, you can't just choke me whenever you want and expect me to get all aroused for it!" Rainbow Dash chided. Rarity drew her hand back.

"Oh . . . my. Yes, um." Rarity rubbed her forehead, apparently broken out of her enraged stupor. "I'm sorry, Rainbow Dash, I didn't mean . . . oh, how do you do this? Oooh . . ." She groaned.

Rainbow Dash pursed her lips. Her cheeks turned red. "Here . . ." Rainbow Dash handed Rarity back the leash. "Try it again.
Slowly
, this time."

Rarity looked up in surprise, not believing Rainbow Dash would forgive her so easily. After a moment, she got over and tugged on the leash again, this time going much more slowly. Inching it tighter and tighter on Rainbow Dash's neck . . . Rainbow Dash reacted suitably better to it this time.

Rarity began to think she knew why Rainbow Dash reacted better to it slowly than when Rarity just yanked on the leash. Because it wasn't about the choking, it was about the suspense. The excitement, the
thrill
of her life seemingly slipping away inch by inch. That risk, that tension that any second now, that next inch could be enough to choke her into unconsciousness.

When Rainbow Dash fell to her knees on the ground, Rarity felt obligated to stop. Rainbow Dash panted, getting her breath back.

Rainbow Dash noticed how her collapsing had put her on eye-level with Rarity's skirt. Rainbow Dash playfully lifted up two fingers and traced it along the rim of Rarity's clothing.

"Ah, ah, ah." Rarity tsked, shooing Dash's hand away. "Not here, darling, not here . . ."


Rarity whisked Rainbow Dash away back to the Boutique for another medication session, which would of course inevitably led to another rousing game of intercourse.

Rarity laid herself on the bed again, waiting for Rainbow Dash to climb on top of her. Rainbow Dash did so with aplomb, eagerly landing herself on Rarity, resting her head on Rarity's bosom.

As Rainbow Dash started to work on taking Rarity's dress down enough to drink the milk, Rarity tilted her head and drifted off into her own thoughts.

Rainbow Dash had been really upset a few days ago when Rarity made her do something she didn't want to, and Rarity had tried to cheer up by introducing another element to their bedroom activities.

And as they continued their way onwards, Rarity found that . . . she wasn't really feeling it today, herself. Oh sure, she didn't really have a choice when it came to the nursing, but the sex just . . . didn't feel like the magic it used to.

"Rainbow Dash?" Rarity spoke.

Rainbow Dash broke off her suckling to respond. "Yeah?"

"I'd like . . ." Rarity said quietly. "To introduce something new . . . a word limit. Yes." Rarity pressed her hand on her chin. "I will talk in sentences that are no more than five words at a time . . ."

Rainbow Dash raised an eyebrow. "Yeah, okay, whatever." She resumed suckling Rarity's breast, while Rarity contemplated ways which she might be able to use to further spice things up in the bedroom.

Games! Yes, yes . . . games for her and Rainbow Dash to play.


Rarity's games started off simple. When she worked up the nerve for it, Rarity poured some of her product into a cup and tilted the cup into Rainbow Dash's mouth. And then some other times, Rarity would make them race to see who could empty the others' chest of fluids before the other. Somehow, even though Rarity had a bigger chest than Rainbow Dash, Rainbow Dash would always win those. It was fun at first.

But then it got tiresome.

Rainbow Dash started to feel like a mouse being guided through a labyrinth every time she and Rarity were in bed. And Rarity . . . Rarity had taken to holding back whatever moans she might have been tempted into giving. And she started practicing muscle control for her entire body, from head to toe. Because for Rarity, the sex was like a drug. Her body had become accustomed to Rainbow Dash's usual efforts. Her body had adapted to the drug. So now Rarity had to take a higher dosage to get her high. And the way she did that was she held back her moans – any sign that she was enjoying it – to . . .
motivate
Rainbow Dash to try harder, to experiment, to be more forceful. Anything to get back that fading high.

And then Rainbow Dash started getting upset. She felt like her efforts weren't being appreciated enough because Rarity almost never betrayed any hint of enjoying it anymore. Rarity started to feel bad, and she admitted what she was doing. But that only helped Rainbow Dash's confidence so much.

By the end of the week, Rainbow Dash was a broken shell of her former self, and Rarity had gotten so into all the thing she had over Rainbow Dash – the power, the control, the . . . absolute ownership – she in all honestly didn't want to stop. She didn't want to go back to the way things were before that incident. She wanted to keep Rainbow Dash. She wanted to keep her beau. She wanted to keep her pet.

She wanted to keep her slave.

Tonight, Rainbow Dash had come over from her own house to take part in another one of Rarity's games. Rainbow Dash told herself she didn't want to, yet, off to the Boutique she went, her heart pounding and her mouth salivating at the mere thought of Rarity's milk.

In the dark of the night at the Boutique, Rainbow Dash sat down at the kitchen table, waiting the game Rarity was going to play with her this time. It was dark. The lights were turned down. And there was a green plastic cup on the middle of the table.

"Rainbow Dash . . ." Rarity purred, stepping into the room with a very loose blouse on. "My darling Rainbow Dash . . ." Rarity walked around the table, showing off her body with the pride of a supermodel.

Rarity crouched down over Rainbow Dash's shoulder.

"Drink the cup, darling." Rarity whispered, wrapping herself around Rainbow Dash. "Drink every last drop . . ."

Rainbow Dash gulped, a bit put-off by Rarity's mannerism. She picked the cup up and chugged it down, her wings flexing in reaction as she ingested more of Rarity's white poison.

"There." Rarity whispered, patting Dash on the back. "That wasn't so bad, was it?"

Rainbow Dash rolled her eyes.

"Now, come, darling." Rarity whispered, undoing the buttons on her blouse. "There's more where that came from."


The next morning, Rainbow Dash woke up in Rarity's bed again. She adjusted herself and sat up, so wanting to break this off, to put the pain and the goo and the drugs and the sex behind her. She got up, only to feel Rarity's hand clamp around her arm.

"Where are you going?" Rarity asked.

"Rarity . . ." Rainbow Dash complained. "I want to go outside."

"All right, then." Rarity said, letting go and rolling to the other side of the bed.

"R-really?" Rainbow Dash asked. "That's it? You're not gonna- you're not gonna try to convince me to stay?"

"No." Rarity answered.

"O . . . kay, then." Rainbow Dash got up and walked towards the door. She had her hand on the doorknob and was clearly ready to leave, when she turned around and jumped on the bed, onto Rarity, her mistress.

Rarity chuckled darkly. "There. See?" Rarity brushed her fingers through Dash's hair. "I didn't have to convince you to stay . . . because I know you would anyway, entirely of your volition." Rarity kissed Rainbow Dash on the forehead, while Rainbow Dash looked up with a sort of . . . fearful longing, like she might get hurt if she expressed any affection towards her.

Rarity curled her arm around Rainbow Dash and shoved Dash's head into her plentiful cleavage again, which sapped Rainbow Dash of her will to move.

"You're such a good slave, Rainbow Dash . . ."


(Continued in A Poison Most Intimate)




Author's Notes for "Strain"



The ending is supposed to "A Poison Most Intimate"s beginning.



But this doesn't work all that well, because when I wrote the first chapter of A Poison Most Intimate, I was desperately trying to avoid directly spelling out what was going for fear of being seen as a freak for the . . . things it treats with sexuality. And I couldn't just copy-n-paste the first few scenes of A Poison Most Intimate onto the end of this story, because that would introduce a contradictory tonal shift in the narrative.



This is what happens when you write a sexual explicit work that tries to hide, or least blunt its sexually explictness, and people end liking it! You end up with prequels that have oddly jarring different tones to the original work!



And I was really having trouble with this, as it's supposed to be a prequel, yeah? it's supposed to show the events and experiences that led the characters into the being in the situation they're in at the start of the original story, isn't it? But the thing is, when I first wrote A Poison Most Intimate's first chapter, I didn't bother thinking about what specific incident lead into Rarity's five-word game that's so prevalent at the very beginning. It was just something that was there, to show the amount of control Rarity had over Rainbow Dash.



BUT REALLY, the ultimate point of this story was to show how Rarity and Rainbow Dash ended up in their abusive relationship at the end of that story, and I want to say I pulled that off well . . . well enough, at least. It shows Rarity being manipulative, right?



Though it does kind of . . . just run out of steam at the end there, doesn't it?


>