


LAST CHAPTER! Hope you guys enjoy it!



Reid woke up to the sound of someone walking around his bed. He almost panicked until he realized it was merely a nurse checking his stats. He sighed and waited until she left. He sat up and hugged his knees close to his chest. It was dark in the room. Really dark. He was beginning to panic but he continued to take deep breaths. He was not going to have a panic attack now. He needed to regain some control. Mark was dead, he was safe. Dan is most likely with Hotch which is a good thing. He was safe.

Reid didn't feel safe.

He pushed back any and all memories deciding on reciting a book his mother had read to him many years ago. She always read it to him when she believed he wasn't okay, and he happily recited it when she was having a bad episode. He allowed the words to flow smoothly. Feeling his muscles relax slowly. The door opened and his words stopped. He felt relief when he realized that it was only Garcia.

"Hey Reid," She smiled sadly.

"Can you turn on the lights please?" Reid asked. She did so and Reid was beyond grateful.

"Have you gotten to see Morgan since… Well, you know," She stammered slightly.

"No, I think it's better for the both of us to be in the bed right now. Especially Morgan," Reid sighed. He does want to see Morgan but he wants Morgan to get better first.

"Oh," Garcia said sitting next to his bed. "If it makes you feel better, you might be released tomorrow. She haven't seen any complications with your ribs or the whole stab thing. They just said you would need to be on a minimal exertion profile. Same with Morgan, except he will have multiple doctor appointments with a neurologist," She smiled.

Reid smiled in return. They're both okay. Morgan will be fine.

"That's good to hear," Reid smiled.

"I bet," She giggled. "So are you going back to Morgan's place?" She asked.

Reid quickly shook his head.

"Maybe not until my mind has moved past this whole incident," Reid admitted. Garcia smiled.

"Morgan said the same thing," Garcia admitted.

"Where's he going to stay? What about Clooney?" Reid asked.

"Well I told him he could stay with me. Hotch and Rossi has offered. JJ can't since she scared of dogs and Prentiss has Sergio, soo," Garcia shrugged.

Reid nodded in thought.

"Okay," Reid said softly.

"You're holding up better than I expected," Garcia complimented.

"I almost lost it when I first woke up. I wasn't going to speak to any of you. Then you Mark stopped by and I got even more upset and then JJ saw him and everything else happened," Reid shrugged. "I guess it was a way to get me out of my funk."

"Well, I'm glad you killed him. He deserved it," Garcia said taking his hand. "Please don't lose Morgan though. After all of this I'm not sure how he will cope. I know he is all strong and macho, but he won't come back from this without you. He feels like he failed you and this is going to eat at him and eat at him until who knows what. I'm worried," She admitted.

"I'm not going to leave him anytime soon. That's a promise. For now we just both need to get out of this hospital. I don't blame him for what happened if anything it's my fault. But just know I will be there for him," Reid promised. Garcia nodded truly believing him.

She couldn't believe her two good friends were finally on the same page. She was happy that they hadn't given up on each other, but she wished none of this would have happened. She continued to hold Reid's hand until he fell asleep again. She frowned as he shivered and covered him up some more.

"Just a few more hours and you'll be home," She promised sitting back into the chair.

JJ watched Morgan carefully. She still regrets ever hurting Morgan in the past when it came to Reid. Obviously if it wasn't for him, Reid wouldn't even be here.

"How much longer are you going to stare at the far wall?" Morgan asked with slight laugh.

JJ's eyes widened as she looked at him.

"I didn't realize you were awake," She smiled back.

Morgan nodded.

"I've been awake for some time now, I just figured you needed that time," Morgan said raising an eyebrow. JJ laughed nervously and ran her fingers through her hair.

"Thanks," She said finally.

"No problem, can I leave?" Morgan asked.

"I think it's too early, but I'm not a doctor," She shrugged trying to be nonchalant.

"The earlier I'm released the quicker I can actually visit Reid," Morgan said pointedly. "Unless, you still don't approve," Morgan deadpanned.

"I care about Spence more than you think you know. Sure I'm just a sister to him, but I feel like there's more to that than just some sibling bond," JJ admitted. Morgan frowned.

"Well, you are like his mother in some ways," Morgan said hoping he helped.

"Yeah but we have each other's back in a way siblings can't. I feel like siblings can lie to one another and be okay with it. With Spence it's almost like we are one person that knows the other so well. Like we work so well together," She shrugged failing to find the words that could explain what she meant.

"I can't lie and say I understand, but you two had a relationship I could never figure out anyways," Morgan admitted.

"Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I guess Spence and I are just close enough to read each other's minds at times. We understand each other well enough to know how we are being affected by some things. And you, I saw you as a potential threat to Spence's heart. You don't understand how fragile it is," JJ said raising an eyebrow.

"Trust me I think I've learned. I literally tried to get with him and then I left him not more than a day later," Morgan admitted and held up his hands as he saw JJ's eyes harden.

"Look I was trying to protect him and we worked it out. However if I hadn't maybe some of this wouldn't have happened. He would have went to Mark had I not changed his mind. Mark would have had him and maybe Reid—" Morgan shook his head. "No that would have been an abusive relationship."

"So are you two-?" JJ wasn't sure which term to use, but together or dating didn't seem right.

"That depends on how Reid is handling all of this," Morgan admitted. "Hence I want to see him."

JJ nodded in thought. Reid cared about Morgan deeply. She wasn't sure how long he had cared for Morgan this way but that day he called her, she knew he had went all in for Derek. She mainly wondered why these two had the worst luck being together. She also wondered why Reid didn't tell her about Mark beforehand. Sure Mark would have been the first guy Reid has ever told her about, but she wasn't one to judge.

"Well he cares about you, that's for sure," JJ said with a nod, "And if I hadn't already told you this, just know that I won't get in between you two, unless Spence needs me to," She smiled placing her hand over Morgan's. "I just need Reid to be happy," She finalized.

"Hopefully I can get him there after this whole ideal," Morgan said as JJ's phone rang.

He waited for her to finish and before he could ask she stood up.

"Apparently Spencer was able to get himself an early discharge. Now I need to find him and—"

"Don't yell at him," Morgan chuckled. "Don't forget the man that started this worked in a hospital," Morgan said and JJ's mouth formed an 'o'. She had completely forgot all about that. And soon Reid was standing in the doorway shifting awkwardly as JJ and Morgan looked at him.

"I'll leave you two alone," She smiled before nodding at Spence.

Once she walked out, Reid closed the door wishing he could lock it, but understanding that he couldn't.

"How were you able to get out so early Pretty Boy?" Morgan said lightly.

"I'm not the one with the bad concussion. You need critical attention. I just needed a counselor," Reid said walking towards Morgan. There was silence that filled between them. Morgan, not liking the silence decided to speak up.

"So I collapsed while you attacked Mark. Sorry I wasn't able to be the muscle of the fight," Morgan said softly. Reid nodded slowly in thought.

"I had him under control. I would have rather you stayed in bed since I couldn't help you once you fell," Reid shrugged. "Besides you save me from the lake? I think that's what Garcia said. I sort of dazed in and out."

Morgan nodded in thought.

"I could totally argue that you saved me more than I saved you, but you have the eidetic memory, and I have a bit of memory loss due to the fact I have a concussion and I'm not a genius," Morgan said smiling when she saw that his comment cause the younger man to smile.

"Should I tell Hotch about Elizabeth? He knows this wasn't my first encounter with Mark," Reid said stepping closer. Morgan wished Reid would simply come to him, but he knew not to force anything upon Reid at this moment.

"Do you really think she did it on purpose?" Morgan asked. He wasn't sure what Reid thought about Elizabeth after the whole ordeal.

"I believed her when she said she didn't know until I fought back, so I guess she was just a victim in Mark's game as well," Reid shrugged feeling rather small. He couldn't help but glance at the door to make sure no one was sneaking in trying to kill them.

"Okay, but let me know if you decide to change your mind. I will stand with you through all of it," Morgan encouraged sitting up. Finally Reid walked towards Morgan, but he still didn't bother to allow physical contact.

"Thank you," Reid said softly.

"I still want you, you know?" Morgan said gently hoping it wouldn't scare Reid.

"I know, but why? According to my arm I belong to him," Reid whispered.

"He's dead," Morgan countered.

"Not in my head though. He's there Morgan," Reid admitted and Morgan felt his heart tug for the kid standing beside him. Morgan knew that in this situation, Reid's memory would be more like a curse.

Reid watched as the gears turned in Morgan's head. He was preparing for the rejection. Waiting for it to hit him like a sledge hammer, instead he only heard Morgan sigh.

"I will help you get through this. I've been there, I understand. I'm not going to force you into counseling and I know they will probably prescribe antidepressants, but we can fight without them. You and me, right?" Morgan asked. Reid wasn't expecting that answer. In fact he was expecting Morgan to blame himself and leave like the first time.

"You're not leaving me after all of this?" Reid questioned his eyes widening.

"Spencer. I've made that mistake before and you fought for me until you couldn't anymore. Normally I like to be the protector but to know that someone else feels like my life is worth something more, that's not something I will throw away," Morgan said not bothering to figure out the meaning of his words. "Spencer Reid, when you found out what Buford had done to me nothing changed. You still treated me like I was Derek Morgan, the invincible one, while everyone else walked on eggshells around me. Don't think this will have a change on my perspective of you. Well, besides the fact that you're hot when you kill, but don't let that get to head."

Reid chuckled at the mini jab Morgan had thrown at him.

"Okay, I feel better now," Reid admitted still smiling from Morgan's words.

"Good now get me the hell out of here so we can spend real time together outside of this jailhouse," Morgan grumbled. Reid smiled and walked out to find a doctor. Morgan smiled at the thought. Sure him and Reid had a long road to recovery, but it will be worth the wait. Some things will change, others not so much, but what he does know is that Spencer is strong and while there will be nightmares and bad days, Morgan knew Reid would share the burden.

The End.




Sorry again for the long wait. I had to put an end to the story so I hope it wasn't too bad...



>