

Note: This is my first fanfic, bear with me.

Disclaimer: I don't own Ringu. The other characters are my imagination though :).

Deep in the dark abandoned woods, there stood a well. A well that made squeaking noises, people said. A well that had been on tape. A tape which had almost travelled the world.

Sadako, or maybe, the creepy-tape girl, hadn't been out for years now. At first, some rest was nice, but being filled with hatred and revenge, she felt rather bored soon. Trying to figure out why nobody seemed to watch her awesome video wasn't really an option. Trying and asking people 'Hey, why aren't you watching my video, I need to kill something' seemed a bit odd. Inside the 'cursed well' floating in the water she looked up at the sky. Seeing the fireworks announcing a new year made her ask herself: 'What year is this?'

Luckily, the fireworks soon formed "
2014
." 'Oh, okay.' Then she realised it. IT HAS BEEN OVER 10 YEARS SINCE MY LAST KILL! She fired up, and started to climb. Finally reaching the top, feeling the cold wind, and it forcing her hair out of her face she saw the woods. Or at least, that's what she expected.

In front of her stood a huge building, probably an apartment building, and it was surrounded by smaller houses and a few shops. There was also, obviously, a main road right in the middle of it.

Looking at this surprise almost caught her breath, if Sadako had one, that is. Everything felt so overwhelming that she barely made it out of her well, without falling back in. Standing on a side-walk, not moving at all, Sadako noticed a guy walking towards her. The sights of a 'live' made her slip into darkness. As if it had its own life, her hair once again covered her face. Or as Sadako liked to call it, 'the big surprise.' She felt the hatred for this unknown male growing, and the urge to strike was huge, but she remained. As creepy and mysterious as can be, she witnessed the male slowly approaching her. Waiting for him to come closer, she noticed a tiny light in his hand.
Is he going to take me away from my well, to break the curse?
Slight fear for this unknown light joined her rage.
He has to die. NOW!
Slowly, and creepy, she tilted her head, and give her 'killing looks.' But this male choose to ignore it, as his light seemed more important.
Is it protecting him?
The rage building up inside her made Sadako scream. And her scream made the male notice her, at last.

'Jeez, woman, calm down, it's just fireworks' the male spoke, not lifting his eyes away to look at her.
The light is coming from that device in his hand, maybe I should destroy that too!
'Happy new year by the way.' He said to her. That paused Sadako.
Did he just..
Nobody ever spoke to her when she came for them, let alone wish her a 'happy new year.' A giant circle of firework light surrounded them, and she noticed that this guy was not Japanese, or Asian at all. Speaking of which, that's why his pronunciation made her head hurt. To be blunt, it sounded awful. 'Ah shit! The connection died! Stupid New Year's wishes' the guy spoke, more to his lighting device than to Sadako.
Connection? Are there more?!
The guy had already turned his lighting device off, and walked away.
Oh no, you're not getting away now!
Sadako chased him, but her speed did let her down a bit. She soon cached up with him, but he was a speedy guy, and she couldn't manage to jump in front of him, yet. 'Are you following me?' the guy asked. He stopped walking and suddenly turned around. Stopping Sadako abruptly, almost making her fall.
So first you ignore me, and then you manage to strike me, oh you are getting it, boy.
Still having her hair in front of her eyes was a small saviour for the guy. And that saviour kind of saved his sorry ass, for now.

The guy finally noticed the ghostly encounter, and managed a 'holy shit!' in some foreign language. English maybe? The guy didn't sound scared, more, amazed. The way he spoke his following sentence made Sadako drop her jaw. 'Holy shit! You're real? Like, actually a real live ghost! Awesome. I've seen thousands of reports about you, online and everywhere. This is amazing. May I just say that I am an amazing fan of your work…No that's not the right thing to say..' He kept babbling on and on about how he 'knew' her. Sadako was just amazed by how fast he started speaking. Although it did not improve his Japanese speech. ' By the way, my name is Justin, and I'm here with my friend Iris. Wait, I'm going to call her right now, she'll never believe this'
More people?
'Yeah, Iris, je gelooft nooit wie er hier tegenover me staat… Nee niet de president…Nee Naruto bestaat niet…Nee, Sadako, je weet wel van die video… Ja ik sta buiten vlakbij het hotel…Nee kom hierheen…Okee ja tot zo!'
what language was that?

It sounded complicated…was he saying to this Iris to bring the weapons?
Sadako waited for something to shoot her, or just hurt her. But this…Justin? He just stood there, staring at her in awe. Suddenly she heard a girls voice from behind the Justin. ' Owmaigodyouactuallyfoundher!' the girl said fast. She paused next to Justin, and looked at Sadako the same way he did. But she recovered fast, and started talking to her, in Japanese of course. 'Hi, my name is Iris, please don't try to pronounce that, it sound awful. My awkward friend here just told me you were the legendary Sadako?'
Legendary? Just how long have I been an item?


'She's not a talker,' Justin informed her. 'Oh sorry.'


Well, this was unexpected. But I'm still going to kill them anyway.
Sadako looked up at the both of them, showing her 'killing looks' once again.

Nothing. They didn't even blink.
Are those guys immortal or something?!
Justin already managed to take a picture of it. 'I'm going to show this to my maths tutor when we get back' he said laughing. 'Oh, send it to me, I'm not found of my art teacher, actually' the Iris spoke, also laughing.
What in the world…
Suddenly they both looked at me with a shocked expression on their face.
Fucking finally!
'Dude, she just, like, tried to kill us, and we just took a picture…' Iris stated. They started laughing. True, the 'look' was a little less powerful when not fully in combination with the tape, but this was just ridiculous. 'Stop laughing!' Sadako screeched. 'You know, I first saw the movie when I was six, and I was really scared. When Justin booked a trip to this town with your well, I was a bit creeped out, actually. But, you are scarier on T.V. Sorry' Iris said, and looked ashamed. Justin looked from me, to Iris and back. 'You know, 'he said thinking, 'I don't think she knows what's going on in the world right now. 'Iris eyes widened a bit, and she realised the same. She grabbed Justin's arm, and pulled him away a bit. They started to discuss something, but Sadako couldn't really hear anything. Even if she could, the conversation was in that weird language.

They seemed to agree on something, and turned towards Sadako again. Justin began speaking: 'Well, since you're not really used to everything we have now, we have decided to guide you. As your eye didn't kill us, we can have you around.'
'I don't need help,' Sadako replied.
'Your curse starts with a tape right?' Iris asked. And Sadako nodded.
'Well, the reason why nobody has seen you in years is because no one actually uses Videos anymore. You can't even buy them in stores anymore. Every movie is available online, so no more movie renting. You at least need to move to DVD.'

What the fuck is a DVD? When did all this happen?!
'DVD came in like, 2004? Since no reports about you came after that year,' Justin said. 'You know, it would be easier if you just put it online, like, on the internet?' Iris suggested. 'Internet?' Sadako asked. 'Oh, just an awesome place where you can view the beauty of the world from behind your desk at home.' Justin answered. Iris nodded to that.
Damn you inter web, your secret powers beat me!


>