


First I'll start with the translation for this part:

Yeah, Iris, je gelooft nooit wie er hier tegenover me staat… Nee niet de president…Nee Naruto bestaat niet…Nee, Sadako, je weet wel van die video… Ja ik sta buiten vlakbij het hotel…Nee kom hierheen…Okee ja tot zo!'


'Yeah, Iris, you'll never believe who I've got in front of me…No it's not the President… No, Naruto doesn't even exist... No, it's Sadako, you know from the video… Yes, I'm outside close to the hotel…
No you should come to me… Okay, I'll see you in a bit.' Just for those who were curious :).



Disclaimer: I don't own Ringu or Sadako, nor do I own her well.


So, I've been with those two weird non-Asian people for 5 days. And I can whole heartedly say that I hate them. The girl, Iris, just stares at me like I'm the best thing that ever happened to her. The guy, Justin, comes up to me every now and then to tell me a fact about me. Most of them aren't even true!

And you know what the weirdest part is? They're the only ones I haven't been able to kill.
Maybe it's a European thing? Maybe it's that inter web thing protecting them?
I don't know, and it's frustrating me. I must admit I have been able to kill a few people, at least.
The second day they took me in, Iris thought it would be a good idea to show me my own neighbourhood. Obviously, she thought wrong. Showing me how my beautiful forest had changed over the years wasn't pleasing at all. I hate the way they tried to make my 'place of birth' into a tourist must-see. Just because I was famous for some reason doesn't allow you to build on my land. The hotel disgusts me the most, because it's too big, it's too out of place.
Maybe I should burn it down later?

Anyway, back to the tour.
The shops were mostly aimed at the tourists, and I noticed that I was quite an item. So, curious, I asked Iris about it. 'What's the deal with all those Sadako- items?'
'Well, you see, after they made the first movie, you became pretty popular…'
'How can a killer become a "Kawaii phone hanger"? '
'Don't tell me you haven't seen the first movie.'
'Well, I didn't even know they had one in the first place!'
'Well, it's a good thing Justin brought them; we'll watch them when we get home.'
After having bought a cuddly toy made after me, we went to the grocery store. Most of the people seemed to think I was 'cosplaying' myself, so they would point at me all the time. Some people who were alone, ended up dead afterwards.
Stupid peasants.


At the cashier Iris told me to handle it, because she forgot something. She often forgets stuff, stupid idiot. This morning she started screaming we had a bugler, just because she forgot she brought me home with her.
Another reason to kill her, but first I need to know how to defeat the inter web!


Anyway.

I just normally gave the cashier the money, and tried to leave.
I may have been dead for quite some time, but I'm female, females never outlearn how to shop.
As I handed him the money, he just had to make the mistake to tell me I did a 'Pretty good Sadako, but wasn't she taller?' I may have accidentally killed him for that.

After Iris dragged me home, hoping I wouldn't kill someone along the way, she started screaming at Justin. 'Hey, asshole, this brilliant idea of yours just killed 10 people in half an hour. I hope you feel great enough to tell the local police about this 'awesome ghost' and how she just killed pretty much the population of this place!' She was angrily pointing at me, and staring intensively at Justin's bedroom door.

'Back in my day, there used to be an amazing forest, you know…'

'I don't give a shit about your freaking forest!'

'…'


Stupid bitch! My forest was the most beautiful place on earth! How can she be so disrespectful about that?!
As I tried killing her, shamefully without success, Justin marched in with the most ridiculous expression on his face. 'Girls! I think I know why Iris and I don't die when we see your…uhm… eye'
That got my attention. 'Well, there's a movie made after you, and most of the people on earth have seen it. A lot of children have seen it as well, so I guess you could say we know what happens when you do that stare-thingy.'
What?
Judging from Iris' confused expression, she didn't understand any of that as well. 'Let's just say we're not as afraid as we're supposed to be, and don't die of a heart attack.'

Hehehe, shit.

'But how do you explain the fact that that,' angrily pointing at me, 'Killed 10 people just now?' Iris asks. 'Maybe they were afraid, considering the fact you haven't been seen for years. They didn't really expect you to go grocery shopping, you know.' Justin answered smiling silly.

Surprise.
'So you won't just die, because you're not as afraid as you're supposed to be, and the ones that do, are?' I ask.

'That sums it up pretty much.'
Great. Seems like I have to deal a bit longer with these idiots than I longed for. But they can be useful on helping me defeat the inter web.


>