



Note:



*Saban owns all the Red Rangers and PR. I own nothing, except a
recording of "Forever Red". ;)





I loved "Forever Red" and this is my
way of showing it: a vignette to the episode. It will not cover up all the
plotholes created, that's for sure, but it's my own little tribute. It's a bit
heavy on couples, so if you don't dig that, you might wanna turn around now.
Some couples' pasts are based in other fics I've written also, so it's to your
benefit if you've read them. If you haven't, don't worry, you won't get lost.
:)

Significant Others
Written By: WhiteZeo
Laughter rang once more through the spacious
living room of a household. The main window - framed by towering potted plants
- was wide open, allowing the last lingering rays of sunlight to stream onto
the maroon leather sofas that had been shoved aside. Seated upon the plush tan
carpet in a circle in the middle of the room were seven women who had been the
source of laughter.

"I can just imagine him making them do roll
call!"

"Are you kidding? Tommy has become THAT
anal?"

"Oh yeah," Katherine Oliver replied her
best friend. "Ever since he's been working for the GSA..."

Kimberly Scott laughed once again at the outrageous
idea. "I can't see it. He was just so forgetful and scrambled when we
dated in high school!" She turned to the two women sitting beside her
while grabbing one of the many cartons of Ben and Jerry's that had been
positioned in the middle of their group. "So, you two must have horror
stories from working with him, huh?"

Ashley Hammond and Cassie Chan nodded quite
sincerely. "Most definitely," Ashley answered with a grin.
"'Course, you can't argue with his methods; we tend to get more done when
he's in charge of a mission or project."

Leaning over to get the bag of Doritos sitting
beside Jen, Cassie immediately stopped and playfully glared at the lone Yellow
Ranger. "What's that supposed to mean?" She stuck her tongue out at
Ashley. "I get my projects done!"

"Cassie does a good job," Karone Corbett
defended her friend. "But then, I've only worked with Cassie on
GSA-related projects, so I really have no room for comparison..."

The raven-haired woman looked over at Karone and
pelted her with a Dorito. "Thanks, Karone."

"You're welcome," Karone replied ever
sweetly, causing everyone else to laugh.

"If you want anal and by the book, Eric
could've given Tommy a run for his money," Jen piped up, adding her voice
into the conversation.

"He's the Quantum Ranger, isn't he?"
Kimberly questioned. "I always get him confused with the Phantom
Ranger."

"Yeah, but he's been a lot more laid back
since he met Taylor," the brunette mused, then elaborated on her thoughts.
"Taylor's the Yellow Wild Force Ranger."

"Ahhh," Dana Grayson voiced with a wink.
"Nothing like a little romance to soften a guy."

"Especially a ranger romance," Kat
emphasized, reaching over her large belly to get at the carton of Chunky Monkey
beside her. "It's easier to explain things because they understand what
you've been through. You don't have to hide things."

"Those can get sticky though," Ashley
noted with a slight sigh.

Kimberly, Jen, Cassie, Karone, and Kat all nodded
their heads.

The seven of them were quiet for a moment before
they all heard a key turn in the main door - which was a mere few feet from
them - and turned to watch the knob turn, allowing Tommy Oliver to enter his
house.

Tommy shut the door behind him and turned around
to find seven Power Rangers staring at him - female as well. With that
surprise, he did the only sane thing a man would do in his place: he jumped
backwards and ran into the door.

Laughter rose from the women and Tommy soon joined
them, laughing at himself.

He walked around their group to kneel beside his
very pregnant wife. "I didn't expect you to be having a party without
me," he chuckled, taking a spoon of ice cream from Katherine's carton.

"We do a lot of thins without you, Tommy;
don't be so surprised," Ashley teased, a smirk widening across her lips.

Tommy feigned a hurt expression and moved to leave
the group when a chorus of "no!" went up. "Please stay,"
Jen requested, introducing herself to the infamous Technicolor Tommy. "I'm
Jen, the Pink Time Force Ranger."

"And I'm Dana, the Pink Lightspeed
Ranger," Dana added, following Jen's lead.

As Tommy took a seat, Cassie chimed in as well.
"You don't need introductions for rest of us; you know us."

"Unfortunately, when you all are stalking me
constantly, I have no choice but to know who you are," Tommy jokingly
muttered, receiving a light slap on the shoulder from Kimberly. "So, what
are you all doing here? Is this some kind of Pink Ranger reunion/retreat
thing?"

"I'll pretend to not be wounded by that
remark and chalk it up to your faulty memory." Ashley excused Tommy,
pelting him with a Dorito that he caught and ate.

"Actually," Katherine began, "since
you were having your little Red Ranger pow-wow-"

"We saved the universe, Kat."

"-I decided to have my own little pow-wow of
the Red Rangers' significant others. I called Kim-"

"And I called Cass-"

"And Ashley and I called Jen and Dana."

Just then, the doorbell rang and Tommy rose to
answer it. He opened the door to reveal Wes Collins dressed head to toe in
Silver Guardian gear. "Tommy?" he voiced in confusion at seeing the
Red Zeo Ranger.

Tommy grinned and shook his head. "You're
looking for your girlfriend, right?" Wes nodded. "Come in."

Wes entered the house, confused by the group of
women and even more confused to find Jen sitting among them. "What are you
doing here? I called home to get a message from you telling me your were here
and I came."

Jen motioned for him to sit beside her and he did.
"Female ranger pow-wow; we're plotting the demise of all the red
rangers."

The Red Time Force Ranger arched his eyebrow at
his girlfriend's joking, but before he could get the truth out of her, the
doorbell rang again and Cassie opened the door. Almost instantly, she shrieked
happily and jumped onto the porch out of the sight of the others in the living
room. A moment later, TJ Johnson emerged out of the doorway and waved at the
group.

"Cassie and Andros are getting reacquainted
out there," he explained, answering everyone's question eyes. He bent down
to kiss Ashley and then took a seat next to her.

"How long has it been since they last saw
each other?" Dana asked with a knowing grin.

"A month," Karone responded, looking
straight at Tommy. "It was Tommy's wedding gift that separated them."

"You KNOW I couldn't help it, Karone,"
Tommy retorted, explaining his reasons. "The recon needed to get done or
we would've never known about the uncovering of Serpenterra until it was too
late."

The front door still wide open, the group suddenly
heard a voice berating the couple out on the porch. "Hey! And you complain
about Karone and me being too public, Andros! You're one to talk!"

Everyone was laughing as an embarrassed Cassie and
Andros were ushered into the house by an amused Leo Corbett. Karone eagerly
jumped up and hugged her husband. "Hey," he greeted, kissing her,
then returning them to the rest of the group. "I think I got the same note
that Andros and TJ got."

"
Pow-wow. Tommy and Kat's. Love, Cassie,
Karone, and Ashley
?" Andros repeated the simplistic note from memory,
after having rubbed most of Cassie's lipstick from his lips.

"That would be the one," Leo replied in
confirmation, then added for Karone's benefit, "I left the kids with Maya
back on Mirinoi."

"Wait. You guys have kids?!" Wes asked,
a bit surprised.

"Well, only some of us," Kimberly
answered, taking the carton of Cherry Garcia from the middle and digging into
it. "I have a four year-old, Karone and Leo have three-year old triplets,
and Kat is pregnant obviously."

"I can't imagine having a family and being a
ranger at the same time; it seems daunting," Wes confessed, looking to his
"elders".

"It's not like we're all full-time rangers
right now." Karone motioned to Tommy to pass the carton of Phish Food
sitting near him, which he did rather reluctantly. "I mean, the only time
I'm away from Mirinoi now is for two weeks out of the year because of my
position with the GSA, thus my being here on Earth now."

"If you really want a family as a ranger, you
make the time for it." A new voice pointed out, joining the conversation.

All the former full-time rangers faced the door to
see Jason just shutting it behind him. "Why does he have a key to this
house, Tommy?" Kat questioned in a playfully mean voice. "He always
scares me."

"Love you too, Kat." Jason took up
residence with Kimberly, stealing away her Cherry Garcia from her momentarily.

"Speaking of you, Bro, why were you late
today?"

"He was late?" Jason's wife gawked at
him, a teasing glint in her eye.

"We almost left without him," Andros
chimed, adding fuel to Kimberly's fire.

"Late to save the world, hmm?" Kimberly
nudged her husband in the side.

Jason threw up his hands, surrendering to the
attacks of both Kimberly and Andros, whom he sat between. "Mercy!" he
laughed. "I got caught in traffic, okay?"

Everyone stared at him unbelievingly. "You're
kidding, right?"

"I wish I was, TJ, but I'm not."

Dana giggled softly. "That sounds like
something Carter would do Sometimes, he lacks complete direction; he was almost
late to our wedding because he couldn't even find the church!"

Jen glanced at the blonde beside her. "You
think that's why he hasn't arrived yet?"

"I KNOW it is."

Of course, when the bell rang right on cue, that
simply got everyone laughing.

Dana answered the door and Carter sheepishly
entered the house. "You realize, by the time I got your note it took me
two hours to get back to Angel Grove, right?"

"I thought it only took an hour to get here
from Mariner Bay?" Leo voiced aloud, as Carter and Dana moved to take
their place among the large group of fourteen.

"It does," Dana replied, causing
everyone to laugh and Carter to be momentarily left in the dark.

"So," Kat started from where she was
leaning against Tommy in his embrace, "now that you all are here - even
though we didn't invite you to our little party because you excluded us from
yours - how was the newest Red Ranger?"

"Excited-"

"Don't tell me you ever never like that,
Teej!"

"Good fighter-"

"Better than you, Jason?"

"Definitely talkative-"

"Everyone's talkative in your eyes,
Andros!"

"He has no potential as a brooding
leader."

"That's a good thing, Tommy."

"He's a good leader," Wes piped up.
"But he's pretty blind to the girl on his team that's attracted to him -
the White Ranger."

"Alyssa, right?" Tommy asked, receiving
a nod from both Wes and Jen. "She's got a really good file; she'd be a
great addition to the GSA Ranger staff once she's through with school."

All the women groaned. "Don't you ever leave
business behind at the GSA compound?" Ashley scolded him, pelting him with
a Dorito again.

"Sometimes." Tommy flashed a grin, this
time, causing everyone to groan.

"ANYWAYS," Jen spoke loudly, effectively
steering everyone away from the old subject to a new one, "how did the
mission go?"

As she finished asking the question, Jen realized
that she had opened a can of worms as all the guys began to talk at once.

"It was a whole different experience fighting
on the moon..."

"The new Astro MegaShip flew
gorgeously..."

"It was just like old times..."

"Fighting the cogs unmorphed brought back
memories..."

"It was weird being the Red Ranger
again..."

Cassie leaned over to Dana and whispered in her
ear over the raving Red Rangers, "One day, we are going to have to have a
female Power Rangers mission and show these guys how saving the universe is
REALLY done."

Dana chuckled and grinned. "Count me
in."

>