

Epilogue



Spencer Reid (voiceover):



"A child miss-educated is a child lost."- John F. Kennedy


At the precinct Castle sat at his usual chair. Reid had taken a seat on the edge of Beckett's desk, both men waiting as she got off the phone.

"Parker's going to be okay," said Beckett. "His injuries only required stitches, no surgery."

"He got lucky," said Spencer.

"Thanks to you," Beckett replied.

"I know what it's like to be afraid of your own intelligence," Spencer admitted.

"But you're not a killer," said Castle.

"I don't have to be," said Spencer, "A mind is a mind and it's all a matter of how it's utilized."

"Which makes you wonder," Castle said to them, "How do you help a family understand that it wasn't an act of a crazed psycho killer but someone who was mentally challenged? For all we know had his parents kept him in school he would have grown up normally and had a normal life."

"Or he might not have," said Beckett.

They knew they were walking that fine line of making your own destiny and destiny being something chosen before a person was even born. There was no right or wrong answer. It was the BAU's job to try and understand human behavior and psychology, what made a person tick. They tried to answer universal questions. Some people believed evil was born, others believed it was made, while still others believed it was a combination of both much like the question of nature versus nurture.

So was Rocky destined to be a killer or had he simply become one as a result of his parent's bad parenting and all of the events that conspired against him?

"Captain Gates, it was a pleasure," said Hotch as he stood with Gates at her doorway.

"Have a safe flight back Agent Hotchner," she replied.

"Thank you."

"Are you leaving all ready," Castle asked getting up. "We didn't get a proper chance to thank you."

"There's no need," said Hotch, "We were just doing our jobs."

"Yes but you haven't been properly thanked until you've been thanked by me."

"Come on Hotch," said Morgan, "It is just one night. The work will still be there tomorrow. We can take off first thing in the morning."

Hotch looked at all of his team members who were gathered around Beckett's desk.

"Alright, one night," he said to the team, "but don't expect these freebies to come by so often."

"Sweet," said Morgan. "So Rick, what'd you have in mind?"


The gathering at Castle's was very simple, his family and the agents that had helped them on the case. It was different seeing them in a much relaxed setting, not having to worry about work or the next unsub they would all be after.

Reid now had the opportunity to grill Castle on his novels and even get a few autographed copies for himself and Garcia who probably wished she could have been there. Of course she was in a way as Morgan had used his iPad to FaceTime her. Like Reid, she had completely fangirled when "meeting" Castle and she was amazed at how beautiful his fiancé was.

Beckett walked over to Castle and handed him a glass of wine.

"What's on your mind Castle?"

"That we are definitely inviting these people to the wedding."

Beckett clinked her glass to his, "My thoughts exactly."

Castle smiled. It never ceased to amaze him when they were on the same page.

A second later Reid came back over and stole Castle from her, which was fine as JJ and Emily wanted to talk girl talk. They had known she and Castle were engaged but they had yet to see the ring so Beckett pulled it out from her shirt where it was tucked safely on the chain next to her mothers.

The evening continued on, everyone enjoying the night after what had been a difficult weekend. Happiness could always be found within the sadness and pain.



~END~


>