

It was a normal afternoon in the Land of Ooo. Everything was calm and peaceful at the home of Finn the Human, the sixteen year old boy who was slumbering soundly in his bed for a short nap that had turned out longer than originally planned. His room had a few various weapons lying around either pinned in the wall or stuck in the side of some dummy that was in near parts due to various training sessions lately. The land had been boring, making for a slow past few days for him, mainly from taking care of his brother while he was sick. He dropped anything to take care of his older brother, knowing he would do the same.

As he slept, his older brother, Jake the Dog, had climbed into his room and approached his bed. "Finn. Dude... get up, man! You've been asleep most of today!" his brother said, having been somewhat worried that his younger sibling might be getting lazy again. Finn had been adopted into his family by Jake's parents who had found him in the middle of nowhere. Ever since then, he had he been considered the youngest child of the family.

Finn hadn't awoken to his call, so Jake stretched his arm around Finn and pulled him out of bed, making him fall to the floor. "Oww...!" Finn groaned before his eyes set on Jake. "Oh! Good morning, Jake," he happily greeted him. Jake just sighed in front of him. "Good evening to you too, Finn. Bro, you've gotten seven calls from Bubblegum," the orange furred dog claimed, making him get up, shaking off his tired state, knowing it was sounding serious. He just looked away.

"Is something wrong?" Finn wasted no time questioning before going over to the beaten up dummy. He grabbed one of his more cherished swords, a golden blade that was chipped and damaged from being used a lot, but it had never failed him before. He picked up his green backpack off the floor and put it on his back before sliding his sword into the side of it. "I dunno, man. She just told me that she needed to speak with you. You aren't together, are ya?" Jake joked with a smirk, always picking fun with his brother over relationships. Finn just had a slight crimson blush before shaking it off. "Nah, man. You know how it's been lately. I keep getting the Ice King before he can kidnap anyone, and I wanna keep it that way. I'll go visit and see what's up," he told Jake before sliding down the ladder to the treasure room and running outside, leaving his brother behind, planning on handling this alone if it was a situation where he had to save someone close.

Finn had walked a regular distance through the Land of Ooo before he had arrived to a forest made of cotton candy. The bright colours were always something he enjoyed seeing while walking through. Finn then saw the Candy Kingdom before him, a kingdom that lived up to its name by literally being made out of candy, ranging from the inhabitants to the huge guardians that sat idly to deal with any form of evil, but they were somewhat resided to as a last resort if anything.

Finn entered the Candy Kingdom, giving his usual greetings and waves to anyone he passed. He had saved the kingdom numerous times with the help of his brother. He was just in a hurry while heading straight for the Candy Castle that loomed toward one end of the kingdom. He walked through the front entrance where the guards never gave a second thought of letting him through. They had been ordered to not slow him down, and so far they didn't seem panicked or alarmed, so he knew that his friend was at least in safe condition. He was still worried about why she would call so often for him.

Finn began to arrive to the castle entrance where it was being cleaned up by a few candy people as well. He was approached by a peppermint candy dressed in a butler outfit. "Oh, Finn! I'm glad you're here. The princess wanted me to take you to her," Peppermint Butler insisted to lead him to the princess. Finn just began to follow him upstairs, taking him to a room more toward the end of the hallway. "Peppermint Butler, is something wrong?" Finn questioned. He really was starting to get nervous, wondering if some experiment had gone wrong. "I'm sorry, Finn, but she wouldn't tell me. She just told me to bring you straight to her. She's been in her room for most of the day," the butler simply stated, just as worried as the human boy was of the princess. The two both arrived to her room.

"I'll be cleaning if you need me," Peppermint Butler told him before walking back down the hall to get back to cleaning the castle, letting the teenage boy talk to the princess. Finn knocked on the door and waited until a voice rang out. Sadly enough, the voice sounded upset. "Who is it?" a woman's voice asked. "PB, it's me," Finn simply answered, still wondering what had happened. "Come in," he heard, not hesitating to enter inside. Once inside, he closed the door behind him, and he saw Princess Bubblegum sitting there in front of her mirror, brushing her long pink hair, her crown resting nearby on her bed.

"Sorry I didn't get your calls sooner. I was enjoying the peace..." Finn apologized, knowing it probably made him look somewhat like he had been attempting to ignore her. He didn't receive much of a response from her. She just sighed while resting her brush down, seeming to be lost in a soulless gaze of herself in the mirror. Finn just looked over at the door as he presumed her servants were too busy cleaning the castle. He approached the princess, wrapping his arms around her from behind. "Come on... what's got my sweet sugar down?" he began to try and find out what was wrong. A faint smile was shown on the princess's candy face over his compliment. She just placed a hand on his arm, her touch being soft and silky as always. Finn had been secretly dating her the past few months. Recently their relationship had been getting more serious due to the peace and lack of kidnappings and attacks. Finn normally didn't like to keep secrets from his brother, but he knew it was probably for the best.

"I'm sorry. I'm just not feeling like myself lately. Finn, I called you over because we needed to talk," Princess Bubblegum explained before getting up, only standing slightly taller than him. She grabbed her crown and put it back on her head before going and locking the door. "Sure, peebs. What about?" Finn was more than all ears. He was presuming this was going to involve a lot of science talk. He had been getting a little better at keeping up with her scientific language when she exclaimed about inventions for him to try.

Princess Bubblegum sighed, slightly in thought, trying to think what she wanted to say. "I... Finn, do you remember two weeks ago...?" she asked. Finn nodded happily with a slight grin. "Yeah. We went to the final tier. Why? Do you wanna do it again?" Finn wondered aloud. A more crimson blush smacked Bubblegum's face. She shook her head rapidly. "N-no! I mean... Finn, look... I want to say that it was a mistake... but I just can't... I enjoyed it just as much as you did..." Princess Bubblegum started, stuttering a bit while somewhat poking her fingers, trying to get back on topic of the serious matter.

"Me and you being together... none of that felt like a mistake to me... I just needed to tell you this myself... that I'm pregnant!" Princess Bubblegum forced the words out just to complete the sentence. She was hoping that his brother had told him at least what could happen as result of tier fifteen, the one tier that he warned him about. "Oh, glob..." Finn went breathless. Bubblegum looked to the floor. She was expecting the exact reaction. "Look, I understand if you're upset... I thought it was a safe day, but I was wrong... it's my fault. I couldn't keep up with my mental calendar..." she blamed herself, mainly for the pregnancy occurrence. She was just waiting for the shock to wear off to hear his true reaction.

"Peebs... I don't blame you, and you don't blame me..." Finn reminded her. His optimism was always something to brighten any mood. "I know Finn. I'm just worried..." Bubblegum claimed while looking at her stomach. Thankfully, Finn had an idea on how to change her worried mood. "Bubblegum, you've had to deal with zombies, a man trying to kidnap you constantly, helping your friends while taking care of probably a couple hundred candy people... and you're worried about a child?" Finn joked, reminiscing of their past few years. This got Bubblegum to giggle a little. She was aware that he was telling the truth, but she was more worried about how everyone around them would act.

"Look, Finn. If the child resembles me more, I'll raise it mostly. If it resembles you more, you'll handle raising it more. I do not wish for someone like the Ice King to do anything to my child... so perhaps this is best kept secret for now," Princess Bubblegum elaborated. Finn nodded, and he knelt before her, going on one knee. "I swear. I will protect you both, no matter what... before and after the child is born," Finn swore his honour and morality, immediately putting her at the top of importance.

Bubblegum sighed while pulling him close. "I can't tell who's sweeter. You or me..." she commented while Finn and her were embraced. He didn't know honestly what to expect in the next few months, but he was glad to know they had somewhat made a plan for how to handle this.


Authors note: This was my first attempt at a fanfic, sorry if it wasn't too good. Please R&amp;R.; I don't know whether to continue this or not.


>