

Never Let Me Go

Chapter 3

.

Harold smiled wistfully at the cheeping red and yellow sunbird perched on the expansive deck that wound around the beach house, and took another sip of his tea.

It had been a rash decision to leave New York so abruptly, but it had been the right one. He'd been fading away in the city - possessed for weeks by a despair that threatened to consume him, and simply
hurt
in a way he didn't know how to process. So it had come as a surprise when some instinct for self-preservation eventually fought through his sorrow, but he had tried to rally and return to work with the Numbers.

It wasn't the same though, and the palpable absence of his missing partner had diverted his attention to such an extent that he'd realized almost at once that he was endangering himself and the team as well. Miss Groves - with her unique connection to the Machine - was fanatically eager to take over, and Shaw had agreed to stay on with her. Harold was satisfied that the work would continue in some new way.

A warm breeze gusted in off the ocean, rustling the fronds of the lush coco palms that edged the bungalow and spiriting away the little sunbird.

At first he'd questioned the wisdom of returning to this place where he and John had been happiest. But the Seychelles and this little island had called to him, and eventually he'd found a kind of quiet peace - a state that was neither really happy nor unhappy, but one that he could exist in.

And he felt safe here - safe from pain and loss, and surrounded by cherished memories of John that had returned with time.

He glanced at the worn copy of
Green Mansions
in his hands, and unthinkingly paraphrased Hudson:

"
I, no longer I, in a universe where he is not, and God is not…"


He'd paid a steep price for loving John Reese, though even now he couldn't bring himself to think of it as an unreasonable one - not for the exquisite bliss he had known during their brief time together.

But he couldn't suffer another loss that profound and survive, and he had come to treasure the little bit of tranquility he'd managed to reclaim.

A cold nose nudged his hand, and Harold stroked Bear's soft fur for a few moments before relenting and giving him a treat. The Malinois thumped his tail happily then slipped through the French doors that opened onto the deck, and Harold watched the dog gallop down to the beach before returning to his book.

.

John wandered around the island, amid its clusters of breadfruit trees and squawking terns, and felt a suffocating sense of déjà vu. He'd been injured and despondent the first time Harold brought him here, hoping that Dr. Galway and the charms of the little paradise would help him heal. But it was Harold who had saved him, who'd understood him and known him for everything he was - and then loved him anyway.

The narrow path led to his favorite little cove, and from there John followed it to the spot where he'd stood with Dylan Galway as the doctor pleaded with him to take care with Harold.

"
Do you love him? Because if he's really no more than an employer to you maybe you should just go now and let him be, before you end up destroying him completely."


He was haunted by the fact that he had done both - loved Harold with all his heart and then carelessly ruined him - proving the doctor's words eerily and needlessly prophetic.

Dylan was now listed as the director of Harold's foundation -
The Crane Initiative -
and John had returned to the Seychelles to offer himself to the organization in any way that he could be of service. He had broken a trust and broken a heart in a way that was unforgivable, but he would make whatever penance was possible - if the doctor would even have him.

He took the little sloping path down to the beach and began walking in the direction of Harold's elegant bungalow. He wasn't sure what he hoped to find there, but it was a pilgrimage he needed to make in much the same way he imagined people revisiting their childhood homes - searching for clarity or closure, or just to be reminded of happier times.


Harold…


Beyond the sheer pleasure of being together they had simply been good for each other - the perfect complements for one another in a world that rarely made sense. He had been given a gift he didn't truly understand until it was too late, and now he carried the weight of his guilt and regret every day.

Waves broke across the shore and a sultry breeze warmed his skin just as it had the first night Harold had made love to him under a starry night sky, and suddenly the burden was too much to bear. He sunk down into the sand and buried his head in his hands.

He was so lost in his grief that he didn't notice the blur of motion in his periphery until the Malinois was almost on top of him and he was knocked wildly backward with two large paws pinning his chest and a rough wet tongue covering his face. John struggled to his knees and buried his face in the dog's soft fur.

He didn't need to look up at the deck to know who would be standing there.

.

A furious racket was emanating from the beach. It was a wonder the terns still flocked there Harold mused, given Bear's diligence in tormenting them. But as the uproar continued it was apparent that there was a different tone to the Malinois' bark this time - more urgent somehow and almost keening - and he moved out onto the deck to investigate.

His body reacted before his mind could, and he felt his legs tremble beneath him even as his fragile equilibrium was ripped apart at the seams.

He didn't need to see the face of the man crushing the delirious dog to his chest.

John looked up at him then - his face flush with a stunned happiness, his eyes full of eagerness and hope - and he reached him in a few long bounds.

"Harold, I thought you were…"

Harold staggered backward and away from the other man. Every healing wound was suddenly raw and blistering again, his hurt and pain as fresh as the day John left.

John's eyes widened but he held his ground and didn't attempt to close the space between them. Harold was keenly aware that the other man was searching his face, and he watched his partner's expression fade into sadness as understanding suffused him. John took a step back then and raised his hands in the air almost as if he were surrendering - or imploring Harold not to flee.

But he also looked as if he were struggling to hold himself at bay, and fraught moments passed before he lowered his eyes and said quietly,

"Is it too late? Have I ruined it all for us?"

The mere physical presence of the other man - so unexpected and undeniably real - had robbed him of all cogent thought. His voice seemed to have deserted him too, and Harold felt paralyzed, unsure of what to say or even what he really wanted.

John took his silence for hope and took a cautious step forward.

"I made a terrible mistake - and I think I knew it from the moment I left."

He reached out and gently caressed Harold's face before brushing his fingers through his hair in that familiar way that had always undone him.

"What do you say, Harold? Can I come home?"

One more touch and he would dissolve - disappear and merge into the other man he'd always seemed destined for. But he wasn't sure he could bear to blur the boundaries between them once again - wasn't sure if he dared take that chance.

John had always been careful with him, but now his touch was feather soft as he gently brushed his lips against Harold's, his eyes asking permission for more.

But when Harold couldn't give it he broke away, sorrow etched on his face but also with a nod of acceptance as he turned to leave. Bear began to whine, confused by the tension between them, and John paused to give the dog a final bittersweet pat.

And in the instant remaining for him to decide what he needed and what he was willing to live without - what forgiveness he could grant and what he must refuse - Harold realized that there was actually no decision at all. He would always choose John, and John would always be worth the risk.

He reached out and his hand barely grazed the other man's forearm but it was enough to instantly turn him back. John seemed unwilling or unable to breathe as Harold struggled for the right words, but when he found them his voice was surprisingly strong.

"Sometimes when a thing is torn apart I believe that it's possible to put it back together again, and make it even stronger than before."

John's face lit up with cautious hope, but still he held himself back.

"Is that what
you
want, Harold?"

A little joyful smile was playing around John's mouth and Harold knew in that moment he was truly lost. All he could manage was a tiny nod, but one look at the other man told him that nothing in the world would keep John away from him now and he let himself be pulled into his partner's arms.

John held him tightly but never more tenderly as he buried his face in Harold's neck, his words muffled but heartfelt all the same.

"
I'm sorry Harold. I'm so sorry."


The remorse in John's voice was clear and painful. Gentle reverent kisses were raining down on him, and Harold realized that the other man was shaking with relief.

He was finally able to gaze into John's eyes then, and Harold tried to convey all that he was feeling with one look - that he was happy, that it was okay now, that somehow together they would make everything all right again.

Apparently the message had been received because the kisses turned into a playful nuzzling, and the best kind of mischief returned to John's eyes as he leaned in with a whisper, his voice a little breathless,

"I'll make it all up to you Harold."

"You most certainly will Mr. Reese."

In response his mouth was parted and explored with such exquisite delicacy as to leave no doubt that the promise would be fulfilled, soon and forever, and his senses began to blur.

John cast his eyes longingly at the deck's low bed, but Harold took his hand and gently pulled him toward the beach.

A certain dream had never really gone away…

.


White seabirds scattered across a cerulean sky, and a familiar voice whispered "I love you so much Harold, I'll never let you go." Gentle fingers twined through his as the swelling ocean washed over them, carrying discarded clothing out to sea. A tender embrace caught him and possessed him, John's touch making him whole. Passionate kisses covered his mouth…his throat…the back of his neck…and pain drained away into the fine warm sand as he gave himself to John and the elements. They were finally home.


.

FIN

.

A/N: Thank you, thank you so much to everyone who read and left reviews for this story. Every review means the world to me, and I'm very grateful.

And a special note to my guest reviewer who was sad that Never Let Me Go spilled over into the world of The Boundary Dweller: I was heartbroken too! So I hope you're reading this, and that this blissful ending for John and Harold makes you - and all of my wonderful readers - as happy as it does me.

>