


A/N I'm not really planning on continuing this, but I would like to see if I should. Answer the poll on my profile about continuing this. Please tell me what you think!


"There's the popcorn!" I grabbed one bag out of the box labeled, "Popcorn". I closed the box and shoved it back in the cabinet, before putting the un-popped popcorn bag in the microwave, turning it to high and walking away for it to pop. I went to the living room and waited on the couch for a few minutes while the weak microwave did its job.

While I waited, I heard the front door open, slam shut and someone run upstairs to the attic bedroom. I got out of the hard chair and quickly ran to the attic staircase. I quietly climbed up the ladder and heard loud sobbing.

I opened the old wooden hatch that led to our room to find, Mabel, in sweater town. She was slowly rocking herself back and forth on the floor in between our beds.

"Mabel? What's wrong?" She answered me in a quiet, sob-like, jumbled of words. All I understood was, "I miss mom and dad." I couldn't help but shed tears at this.

Our parents died in a car crash on the way here on September 1st. By what I heard from Stan it involved several cars and a gas tanker. By the time help arrived, it was too late. By what he said, no one survived.

Our parent's will declared that we would be put in the custody of Stan, but he was starting to get sicker than usual. We don't know how long we'd have him. This just put more stress on us.

A few days after the reading of the will, Stan enrolled us in Gravity Falls Junior High School. The others students were ruthless.

We were teased for being orphans and ostracized for being new and different. Yet, after a few days, we realized the true reason this happened: Pacifica ruled the school.

The young alpha bitch put fear into her fellow students. Those who still stood against her were bullied into submission. Some have committed suicide because of her. Her parent's money coupled the lack of evidence and lack of people willing to actually say something against her bailed her out of those.

Ironically, Mabel didn't stand against her, but she was a threat to Pacifica in her own right.

I may have had it bad, but Mabel had it 100 times worse. She was tormented everyday; I had to stop her from ending it all several times. She went to therapy and counseling after these. Yet, the result was the same every time. She had to return to school with her tormentors.

Usually she would go with her friends, or whoever was brave enough to actually befriend her. Because Gravity Falls is so small, everyone knows each other. And everyone knows Mabel and what she is going through.

Pacifica would shout insults at her and whoever was her friend, but today… was different.

"Mabel? What's wrong? Is it Pacifica again?" She nodded behind her sweater. I touched the sweater Mabel was wearing, pink with the rainbow and shooting star on it. She had knitted it a few months ago, the first of many, during our first summer in Gravity Falls.

I glided my hand up her arm, expecting to feel the threads placed with tender care by my sister's hands. But I didn't expect what I felt.

The threads were torn, well hidden in the pink thread. I couldn't believe what I felt and I could barely stutter out, "Mabel, I know you probably don't want to talk about it, but what happened today?" Mabel cried as she whispered, "Pacifica happened today." She slowly pulled off her damaged sweater with several tears and groans.

She threw her sweater aside and just sat in the corner in front of me crying into and covering her arms. Despite this, I still saw the cuts on her arms. I immediately knew what happened.

"Mabel, did Pacifica do this?!" Mabel did a small nod and I was infuriated. I tried to remain calm as I got up and grabbed book 3. "I've had enough of Pacifica." Mabel said through jumbled sobs. I answered her, "So have I." Mabel continued crying before saying, "I wish we could give Pacifica a taste of her own medicine." I immediately remembered the incident with the gremloblin.

I flipped through book 3 until I found the page with the gremloblin on it. "Gremloblin, blah, blah, blah, worst fears, blah, blah, blah, use water only as a last resort blah, blah, blah." I sighed, shut book 3 and threw it at the wall before sighing and saying, "I have nothing." The book hit the wall before bouncing back and landing on the floor past the page with the weird schematic.

It landed on a page labeled, "The gremloblin's mirror". I picked up the book and read it aloud to Mabel:


According to legends, the gremloblin was a beautiful creature once. But one day it found a beautiful glass mirror built by nature and time. It looked into it and just watched it in fascination. Greedy and lustful of its own reflection, it never stopped watching it.



Overtime it grew old and ugly, and the mirror absorbed this lust and greed and ugly. It amplified this and gave the gremloblin its power to cause fear to who ever looks into its eyes.



The mirror is, however, a different case.

It is more potent than the gremloblin and is the source of its power. If you look at the glass of the mirror, even indirectly, you will be forced to see more than just your worst nightmare, you will be forced to live it out.



Currently legend states that it lies in the cave of the gremloblin.



DO NOT EVEN ATTEMPT TO GO AFTER THIS OBJECT, IF YOU WISH TO LIVE!


I closed the book and looked at Mabel. Her tears and crying had been reduced to quiet sniffles as she spoke, "I want Pacifica to face her true fear. I have had enough of her making me live out my second worst." I nodded and knew what she was thinking of. I put my fist out and said, "Mystery twins?" she smiled and met my fist before saying, "Mystery twins."

13-1-2-5-12 8-1-19 8-1-4 5-14-15-21-7-8 4-15-5-19-14-20 9-20 12-15-15-11 12-9-11-5 9-20? 20-5-12-12 13-5 23-8-1-20 25-15-21 20-8-9-14-11!


A/N Ahh it looks like Dipper and Mabel are about to go on one heck of an adventure. Well, review, comment and PM me questions if you want! Check out my profile for a poll to see if I should continue this!


>