


A/N Well, here's the final chapter. Enjoy!



Btw Disney owns Gravity Falls




Journal Entry 4 Book 3




Hello whomever is reading this. As you have been told, I am on a research mission to Gravity Falls. This journal is meant for me to keep track of what I find, and will have sporadic entries based on what I find.



I have come to Gravity Falls before, but that was with my sister, and we were just kids. Now we hardly talk to each other, but I hope we can reconnect one day.



Reader, though it is hard to believe, there will always be something to find in Gravity Falls. Just when you finish solving one mystery, ten more take its place. So I urge you to be curious, and explore the land known as Gravity Falls.




The end of this story has come, my young readers. It is time for Dipper, Mabel, and Pacifica to meet their fate. For this chapter, I promise interrupt/talk little. The story and its details will reveal themselves to you. My job is to lead you along the path, to the end of this story.





All I will tell you is that Mabel has been captured by the Gremloblin and forced to see her worst nightmare. Meanwhile, Dipper and Pacifica are stuck between the Gremloblin and the Gremloblin's mirror.



The mirror is a plane of octagon-shaped crystal, which has been infused with my power. It has a unique glow around its edge, showing its unique power to any who would look upon it.

It presides at the end of my home, the Gremloblin's cave. I reside right above it. The mirror doesn't hang on the wall like the mirrors you are used to. It lies on a majestic stand, made of the most beautiful materials one would ever see.

It is usually quiet down here, but the three children changed that. Now, they are in extreme danger as they face the Gremloblin. They are trapped with nowhere to run and nowhere to hide. All they could do now is stand their ground.

Dipper and Pacifica stood between the mirror, and the mirror's monster. Normal people would be cowering in fear; waiting for the person they called death to take them away. And that is exactly what the two children did. Personally, I didn't expect anything different, especially from children.

"Dipper, I have to tell you something." Pacifica spoke, breaking the fear-induced silence. "I don't think this is the best time Pacifica!" Dipper answered the girl, while flipping through Journal Number 3, trying to find a way out of their current situation.

"Dipper, I- I." Pacifica just couldn't say it. "What Pacifica?!" Dipper screamed at the girl next to him, before an idea popped into his head.

"Pacifica, hold that thought!" Dipper closed Journal Number 3, before throwing his bag to the ground. He grabbed the five-seven holstered in the bag's side pocket, before taking aim, and firing a barrage of bullets at the beast.

The bullets, unlike what'd they would do to humans, did not kill the beast. In fact, they just made her even angrier.

*Click* "Crap." That was all Dipper could stutter out the moment he realized that he had wasted all of the ammunition he had, and the Gremloblin was still alive.

Dipper looked at the creature before him, and was paralyzed with fear. The Gremloblin was ready to take her next victims.

All Dipper could possibly say in this situation was, "Pacifica, you were saying something?"

Pacifica couldn't spit it out. So instead she grabbed Dipper, and looked him longingly in the eyes. Then, bringing him closer, she kissed him.

The Gremloblin started to glow a chaotic purple, before screaming, "Grrahh!" and holding her head in pain.

Dipper's first reaction to being kissed by Pacifica was to shove her away from him. His second was to say, "Eww! Pacifica! I hate you! You're one of the reasons we're in this mess in the first place!"

Pacifica wasn't very surprised by this revelation, but she had thought that he didn't hate her at least. Tears began to form in her eyes, before she broke down sobbing and crying.

The Gremloblin let go of its head, before making a wild charge at the two children in front of the mirror. Dipper ran out of her way, but Pacifica was too upset to notice the charging beast.

"Pacifica! Get out of the way!" Dipper cried out to her, but she was too upset to listen to him.

Dipper didn't think. He ran straight for the girl, before tackling her away from the mirror and out of the charging Gremloblin's path.

"Dipper? I thought you hated me?" Pacifica spoke to him in an upset tone. Dipper responded by saying, "I do, I'm just not an asshole about it."

Pacifica was on her back, and Dipper was on top of her; this was what you humans would call, "an awkward position" to be in, as I have heard.

The Gremloblin did not turn to attack the two children, or notice that the two had moved out of the way. Instead, the creature continued to run straight into the mirror.

The force of the impact shattered the mirror.

The shards did not fall to the ground. Instead each of the broken pieces floated in the air.

Each of pieces released a black letter, and then each of those letters surrounded the Gremloblin, covering her from head to toe in a spell, before emitting a black light.

When the light dimmed, the Gremloblin was gone, and every shard of mirror had turned black, before falling to the ground. All that was left was a little girl lying in the hole, the former Gremloblin stood.

Dipper and Pacifica got up, stunned at what they had just witnessed. "What just happened?" That was all Pacifica could stutter out. She was left speechless and confused by what had happened. The equally confused Dipper could barely answer, "I- I don't know..."

The two of them stumbled over to the spot where the Gremloblin once stood. Here, the two found the little girl who was once the monster they feared lying in a ditch.

The girl started to move. Then she got up and stood in front of the two children on her weak legs. The little girl looked at Dipper and Pacifica, before asking the two children standing in front of her, "Who are you?"

Atlantica wore a white dress; in fact, she looked almost exactly like Pacifica, except she was much younger, and had none of the scars Pacifica did.

That was when I spoke up, "Welcome Dipper Pines, and Pacifica Northwest. Welcome to the cave of the Guardian."

"Who's there?" Dipper screamed, while Pacifica, and Atlantica panicked and began to look around, searching for the source of the voice.

"If you wish to see me, just look up. Up to where light comes forth to light your way." I proceeded to emit a blue glow that fully illuminated the cave

The three children looked up and saw my form. They saw a glowing, royal blue cube surrounded by hundreds pyramid-shaped crystals.

"Amazing." That was the only word to that Dipper could think to say.

"It seems that the Gremloblin, and its mirror are gone. However the curse that surrounded them still lingers." I had to explain the situation, before too much time passed.

"What curse?" Pacifica questioned me, but I had no time to answer, their destinies were near.

I answered Pacifica, "I wish could tell you everything, but we do not have enough time. So I will be brief.".

Dipper spoke up, "What are you talking about?"

"Your friend, whom you call Mabel, is still trapped in the Gremloblin's curse. Along with Atlantica, the little girl you see in front of you." I finally told the two children, who then stood in silent awe.

A few moments of silence passed before Dipper and Pacifica finally yelled in surprise, "What? Why?!"

I had no time to answer. So I said to them, "I cannot explain everything, all I shall say is, I will send you on a journey to save both of them. My question to you is, are you willing to go?"

Dipper looked at Pacifica, before saying, "Pacifica, are you really sorry about what you did to Mabel?" Pacifica still had tears in her eyes from Dipper's rejection, "I really am Dipper." Dipper though to himself for a second, before saying, "Then go with me to save her."

Pacifica nodded, and Dipper answered, "We will go. Who are you anyway?"

I answered the two kids in a formal tone, which made me sound like a human adult, "I am the guardian of this forest, you may call me Omega."

"Ok Omega, so what do you want us to do?" Pacifica asked.

I answered her with, "I will scatter the largest pieces of the shattered mirror across the Gravity falls Forest. Near each of the shattered pieces will be an artifact of great power. When all ten have be brought together, along with the shattered pieces of the mirror, their power will repair the mirror. Allowing the curse to be broken. You have ten days to retrieve all of them."

"How will we even find the pieces?" Dipper cried in questioning, and helpless tone.

In a commanding voice I answered, "I will supply you with a book; the entries will lead you to each of the items. But beware; this journey will be treacherous. You must solve the mysteries of the forest to unlock them. Will you still go?"

Dipper looked Pacifica. Pacifica nodded, and Dipper said, "We will Omega."

I thought for a second before speaking, "Then Godspeed. I will take care of both Atlantica and Mabel. Return home and go on your journey. Take the book the book with you."

Hundreds of my crystals, both big and small, left my form and came together to form a glowing prism. The prism rotated in the air, and continued to spin until it landed in Dipper's hands.

The glow dissipated, to reveal a damaged red book, with a six-fingered hand and the number 2 on it. Dipper looked at the journal in awe.

Then using my powers, I levitated the ten largest pieces of the shattered mirror. The ten pieces turned from black to white. Then I sent the ten pieces away, right in front of Dipper and Pacifica.

Dipper looked at Mabel one last time, went into her bag, and pulled out a light-blue sweater, with a white cloud design with a rainbow-colored thunderbolt coming from it. Dipper held it in his hands, before slipping it on. "I'll wear this to be close to you, Mabel. I'm sorry that it ended this way."

"I wish both of you good tidings, and the best of luck." That was the last thing I said to them, before the two of them walked out of the cave.



To protect the two girls I was now put in charge of, I placed each of them in a sphere of light. These would heal and feed them until the curse was broken, while also keeping them in a deep sleep.



Dipper and Pacifica spent the next two days walking back to the mystery shack. There was little interaction between the two along the way. And neither of them though about breaking the silence between them.

When they reached the Mystery Shack, Pacifica threw herself on the couch, while Dipper walked into the kitchen, and walked over to the microwave.

He opened the microwave door, took out the old popcorn pack, before going into the pantry, going into the popcorn box, and taking out a new packet.

Dipper shoved the popcorn packet into the microwave, set it to high, before throwing the old popcorn bag away. Then he walked back to the living room, and took a seat on the couch next to Pacifica, waiting for the weak microwave to do its job.

The two kids would prepare for their next journey in the morning, but for now, it was their time to relax.

An eerie calm fell upon the two. For a few minutes, it almost looked like the past few days didn't happen. Yet, they both knew that it wasn't over, and that there was going to be more danger in store for the both of them.

Dipper could only think of how Mabel was doing, with her being in my care, and about the mission I had sent them on to save her, and a little girl named Atlantica.

Pacifica could only think of how it felt to kiss Dipper, something that she had only dreamed of doing, and about how her life would be after everything was done and over with.



It doesn't surprise me that they had these thoughts. You humans tend to overthink the future. Remember, no amount of anxiety will change the future, and no amount of guilt will change the past. And humans tend to do both, to no avail.





But for now, let's "switch gears", to two others, who have their own adventure beginning. And who's adventure will play an important role for our two protagonists

.


Meanwhile, with Wendy and Soos


The Mystery Shack was closed for the day. Without Stan to open or even run it, there was no reason to.

Wendy and Soos knew that Stan was in trouble, and they knew that they had to go after him. Yet, even they could not ignore the two tired children that had entered the Mystery Shack.

"Wow, those two look beat." Wendy peaked at the two kids from the store. "I don't think we should tell them that Stan was kidnapped."

Soos responded, "Where's Hambone? And why is Pacifica here?"

Wendy took a batter look at the two kids, "I don't know Soos. But I don't think it's a good idea to bother them."

"I guess we'll just go after Stan on our own. I'll pack our supplies." Soos walked away to get their supplies.

They knew that going after Stan wouldn't be easy, but they were his friends, and they knew that he would do the same for them, or at least I think they thought that.

"I hope that Dipper and Mabel are fine." Wendy walked away to help Soos prepare their supplies.



Well that's the end of my tale. Yet it is not over yet. There is still adventure to be had, and mysteries to be solved. So I ask you, my young readers, to think of what will happen next, and to wish the best for those you love and those you hate.





For now my friends, my young readers, I bid you adieu.



9-20 9-19-14'20 15-22-5-18 25-5-20

9 23-9-19-8 25-15-21 20-8-5 2-5-19-20 13-18. 20-8-15-13-1-19!


A/N Well, post your final comments and reviews for this story. Send ideas for a sequel if you want.



Over the summer I'll be re-writing my first story and maybe my second or writing this story, whatever I decide to do first.



Also, are there any good fanfics out there? I have been so busy, that I forgot to read fanfiction. So just comment or pm a story you like.



Btw I posted the sequel to this story, it's called "The Artifacts" tell me what you guys think of it!


>