

CHAPTER ONE: Welcome to GracefulGaming

"THAT'S IT! I'M DONE! THIS IS POOP! GARY YOU'RE WORTHLESS!" I shouted as a boss Sandslash took out my last Pokémon, a Venusaur (named Gary of course). "Well guys, looks like it's the end of another Pixelmon adventure. Let's go for 4,000 likes for that Sandslash whooping my booty. Remember, we love you! Jenna out, bizziatches." I finish my outro and stop the recording. Stretching back in my creaky desk chair, I glance at the old digital clock that got moved down here when my sister took over my room and I went off to college. 10:46 PM. Too late to do much of anything (my family are early sleepers), but too early to sleep. I decide to edit the video, cranking it out in 20 minutes. While it's uploading, I sit down on the floor and stretch. No point in just sitting in that beat-up old chair, especially when I've been doing exactly that for the past 3 hours, pre-recording for when my sister and I head to Minecon next week. Once I see that the video is up, I shut down the official gaming computer of the house and head upstairs, retreating to my room for the night.

I guess I should tell you a little about myself. My name is Lily, but to my just over 100k subs on Youtube I'm Jenna, or TheMajorOne. I run a channel called GracefulGaming with my younger sister, whose name is really Isabelle. For our fans, she goes by Grace or TheMinorOne. I am almost nineteen years old and halfway through college (Yes, you heard correctly, I am eighteen after my sophomore year of college. I'll explain it more when it becomes more important). I grew up in a small town in Wisconsin. My sister and I are going to Minecon next week to hopefully meet some potential recording buddies and just see the sights. I've been obsessed with Minecraft since 1.2.5 and couldn't imagine a better way to raise money for college. I'm about 5'9" (1.75 meters for you metric people), have shoulder-length brown hair, and really bad eyesight (but you'll never know because I always wear contacts). My eyes are grayish-blue, and I have as many freckles as a ginger. I am a professional furniture detector (AKA I'm clumsy as hell), dingus (I have a tendency to forget the blatantly obvious), and fangirl (I don't think this really needs an explanation. Fangirls be fangirls.).

And this is the story of how I fell in love with Mitch Hughes.

-o0O0o-

*MITCH'S POV*

I could hear Connor laughing in the next room. I snuck up behind him with an ice cube in my hand ready to drop it down the back of his shirt. Unfortunately, he was lying down on the couch, so I just put the ice cube in my mouth instead.

"Whatcha watching?" I ask, the words coming out a little garbled because of the ice. Without giving him a chance to answer, I lie down on top of him, my back squishing him into the couch and pinning the iPod he was using as a screen in between us so he can't see it anymore.

"This channel I found called GracefulGaming," he answered, trying without much luck to push me off. "You should check them out. One of them has this really funny controlled obsession with you."

I grimace. A fangirl? No thanks. They're crazy. I thought it was bad before, and that was without the added hype of Team Crafted. Now they're practically inescapable.

"Controlled obsession you say?" I ask. It's not a term I've heard before, and controlled doesn't sound like a word that usually applies to fangirls.

"Yeah. She's like a fangirl, but not crazy. She obviously likes you, but isn't all possessive and creepy. Which is great because I'm really sick of hearing how much these twelve-year-olds would like to see you shirtless so they can-" I cut him off before he can go any farther. I already know what those twelve- and thirteen-year-old girls want to do with me and it's not pretty.

"Maybe I'll give it a looksiedoodles," I say, getting up off him and going into the basement. It's almost ten PM and I told Jerome we'd be prerecording for Minecon tonight.

"Check out her Pixelmon series if you do," he calls after me. "After all, she started it because of you." I make a noise somewhere between a grunt and an acknowledgement as I reach the bottom of the stairs.

Two hours later, I find myself with a bunch of Hunger Games videos ready to go and nothing else to do. I upload the first one and decide to check out the channel Connor was watching earlier. I shift over to the playlists and find the one titled "Jenna Plays Pixelmon." I click the first video.

"Hey internet! Jenna here with a new Let's Play series for y'all. I've wanted to try Pixelmon ever since I first saw BajanCanadian play it, and well, we all know how I feel about the Benj." Here, the video is intercut with clips from other series in black-and-white.

"DAMN YOU BAJANCANADIAN! I still love you though, o bootyful one," she says as I see myself murdering her in the Hunger Games. Come to think of it, I vaguely remember killing someone named TheMajorOne a couple weeks ago, only because the chat got spammed with 'mitch how dare you kill jenna' and 'mitch y u do dis she just wants to luv you' and 'mitch no she fan.'

"When dealing with a potential mate, one must ask a simple question: do they got the booty? If the answer is yes, then I ship it, my child. WELL BENJA DO YA GOT THE BOOTY? DO YA PUNK? Because if you want the booty but you ain't got the booty, then you all outta Bootytown. Anyways in conclusion, I like Benja and I like booty, and I really like benja's booty." I grinned, slightly confused by the booty rant but amused all the same.

"MITCH I DID IT FOR YOU ARE YOU HAPPY NOW?!" she yelled as she plummeted off a cliff. I could hear someone else laughing in the background. The death message popped up as she smacked the desk in frustration. 'TheMajorOne was doomed to fall by TheMinorOne.'

"BENJAAAAAAAAAA!" she said, jumping around and shifting and hitting random blocks in F5 mode. I stifled a laugh as the video shifted back into color.

"Yeah… I have made some pretty interesting choices in my past… Anyway let's begin! BULBASAUR I CHOOSE YOU BECAUSE YOU'RE IMPOSSIBLE TO CATCH OTHERWISE!" Her ADHD style and quirky sense of humor keep me entertained. Before I know it, it's episode two, then three, then four and so on until I realize how late it is and head up to bed, resolving to finish the series tomorrow.

I guess I should tell you a little about myself. My name is Mitchell Hughes, but I go by Mitch. To my 3 million + subs on Youtube I'm BajanCanadian, or just Benja. I turned 20 almost 6 months ago, in March. I grew up in Barbados, America, and Canada. I have brown hair and brown eyes. I'm heading to Minecon next week with Team Crafted. There are people I have never met who seem to know more about me than I do myself.

And this is the story of how I fell in love with one of them.

-o0O0o-


HELLA LONG A/N: Hi everyone! QD here. I'm trying something I've never seen done before in a fanfic, which is basing OC's off people I know personally. Every OC in this story is a real person, albeit with a different name. I will have to change some things, however, so in every A/N I will have a Fact/Fiction section for facts that seem a little out of the ordinary and for things I had to make up or fudge a little. That being said here are the facts for this chapter:



Because I'm a fangirl, I based the main character off myself as I will be 3 ½ years from now. I described myself accurately, including the fact that I will be really young in college. Like I said, that will be explained later when it becomes relevant.



GracefulGaming doesn't exist, but it might in the future so if I start it up y'all will be the first to know.



This story starts one week before Minecon 2014, which I will unfortunately not be attending.



If I could figure out how to correctly download Pixelmon, I would most definitely pick Bulbasaur as my starter and name it Gary.



I really am a reserved fangirl, because twelve-year-olds be cray (sorry if I just offended someone).



Now here are the fictions:



Mitch would probably never do half the shiazzz I'm gonna have him say, do or think.



I don't actually know more about Mitch than he does because I decided stalking him for the sake of accurately portraying his character was going too far.



So yeah! Welcome to my Benja fic. I hope you enjoy it because I sure liked writing it. If it's not too much trouble please leave a review because I love hearing feedback from all of you beautiful individuals.



Now about my HP fic…



I lost interest. If you like Harry Potter, feel free to check out my other story, Granger and the Slytherin Princess. If I get some more reviews and whatnot, I might start it back up. I'm going to set up a poll and I won't close it until I have at least twenty-seven votes or after three weeks, whichever comes last. So yay, self-promotion, blah blah blah, we move on.



Thank you fellow doods for reading this and reading this whole hella long A/N. Remember, I love you! Also, if you can think of a better title, let me know because I don't really like the one I have now.



-Quiet Defiance




If you see this comment mitch's booty



>