

Hey guys. It's been awhile.

I am so, so sorry. This isn't how I wanted this to go. I wanted everything for this story, and it was getting so much better.

But I'm not the same person I was when I started this story 14 months and one week ago. Back then, I was lonely, and sad, and looking for a way to make my life bright again. Mitch's videos did that for me. Problem is, they don't anymore. Senior year has changed me a lot, and I'm so sorry you guys are the ones who got the worst end of the deal. I want to finish this story, but I can't. Not genuinely. And you guys deserve nothing less than the best. I wish I had words for how much I regret starting something that I can't finish, especially when you guys are depending on me.

Thank you all so much, those of you who've been here every step of the way and those who got to the end of the story only to find out I hadn't updated in six months. You have all done so much for me, and I hate that I am unable to repay you in kind. You guys were my light in a dark place, and often still are. Thank you to those special few who took the time to send me a PM over the last empty months. You guys especially touched my heart and I'm grateful, I truly am. Thank you, also, to those who have continued to review and to those who favorited and followed despite my absence. I love each and every one of you beautiful individuals, and I will always appreciate everything you've done for me.

Concerning the end of this story: there is an end. Problem is, we're only about halfway there. That's part of the reason that I am unable to continue; this is a damn long story. Thank you to those of you who offered to help write, but this is my story. It's my baby, and I couldn't bear to see it become someone else's. I'm really sorry. I know exactly where I wanted this story to go and how I wanted it to end, and I couldn't bear to see it go any other way. That being said, the least I can do is type up and publish a synopsis of the rest of the story. That way, even though you can't read the story itself, you can still have closure. I don't know when that will be up, but I will promise it won't take six months. And that's a promise I'll keep.

I hope the fandom is doing well. I haven't checked in since even before I updated last time, to be perfectly honest. I just don't connect with his content anymore. I wish I could, for y'all's sake, but my interests just don't lie in that field anymore. I wish I could apologize enough, but I don't regret giving up the person I was for who I've become today. I'm a lot happier, guys. I just wish my happiness didn't come at y'all's expense.

As for my future in writing, I don't know. Maybe someday I'll come back to fanfiction, maybe I won't. I'm currently writing a musical, and considering publishing it to my FicitonPress account, but who knows when and if that will be done. That's a completely different project anyway, and I mean COMPLETELY. I don't know where I'm going, but I hope I can take you guys for the ride. There's so much I don't know.

Just remember, I love you guys so much no matter what happens. I'm so sorry for doing this to you all, and only offering up a synopsis for what should be another 30 chapters. I appreciate everything you've given me, all the support you've shown over this past year or so. You guys have changed my life for so much better. There are no words for how much I love you and how sorry I am. You guys are my beautiful individuals, and never forget that you are precious.

So much luv,

Quiet Defiance

View count - 53,683. Holy crap, I love you guys.

>