

Hola! How are you guys? ^_^

Hope you like this chapter too my dearest reviewers- AskForXYZ and Neha Borkar! Thank you so much!


Disclaimer: I do not own City Hunter.




Chapter-2


" Damn that octopus! He hit me so hard... Just you wait you giant hairless ape... ", mumbled Ryo as he examined the extent of damage on his face from Umibozu's attack at the hot springs.
"Damn it... it hurts..", sobbed Ryo.
Ryo was back in the room he shared with Umibozu. After he had been assaulted by Umibozu when he had tried to peek into the girl's side of the hot spring across the partition, he left the bath in a huff claiming he would get back at the bald octopus for what he had done to him. Of course true to his word Ryo had already come with a plan to teach Umibozu a lesson which involved a very cute kitten in the unsuspecting Umibozu's bed.
Ryo snickered at his plan, he could not wait to see the look on Umibozu's face when they went to bed.
There was a knock and the sound of the door being opened into his room. Ryo made no move to get up from the bed he was lying on. Because the person who had entered, he was entirely too familiar with.
"Ryo, dinner time.", Kaori said as she entered the room," What are you doing sulking in your room? You deserved it, after all how dare you even think of doing such immoral things...", Kaori Makimura trailed off.
Ryo paid no attention to the words that were coming out of Kaori's mouth because his brain was entirely too busy trying to process what his eyes were seeing.
Behind his mask of aloofness, Saeba Ryo was a mess...
Kaori was there in front of him, one hand on her hip and the other pointed and shook at his face as she told him off...
But damn that woman! The bath robe you would normally wear at a hot spring suited Kaori entirely too well for Ryo's taste...
It fitted her perfectly.
He could make out the curve of her hips... the v-shape near her neck beckoned him to mark her neck as his own... maybe if he looked harder he could figure out weather she was wearing anything beneath the robe...
With that Ryo's mind wandered at a speed that challenged that of the light as his mind played various scenarios with Kaori that sent exciting chills through out his body...
Ryo was so caught up with the images that his mind conjured that he did not see the 1000 ton hammer flying towards him and smashed him into the wall above his bed... quite... terribly...painfully.
"You pervert! What were you thinking of with that lecherous look on your face, huh?! While I am here wasting my time to make you a better person... Oh! Why do I even bother?! ", said Kaori exasperated and walked out of the room. Slamming the door rather loudly on her way out.
Ryo fell onto the bed with a thud...
"Man... that hurt... ", Ryo whined as he massaged his head, " These people will kill me for sure...".
But despite the pain Ryo could not help the smile on his face. Looks like his guess was right. The get-away was exactly what Kaori needed, seeing how she was happier and better when she had walked into the room then she ever was since Lei Akumu had shown up.
At the thought of Lei Akumu, Ryo's blood boiled. He should have killed the sorry excuse of a man when he had a chance...
Ryo willed his mind to stop thinking of him and concentrate on Kaori... she was going back to normal. And at that, he rejoiced. He could not wait any longer. He had to tell her.. show her.. how much he loved her... wanted her... needed her.


Kaori stomped all the way to the dinning banquet where Miki and Umibozu were already waiting for her and Ryo.
"Stupid pervert... when I am serious...," Kaori mumbled incoherently.
She had wanted to talk to Ryo and test out this "eyes" theory the girl from the hot springs earlier had told her about and she almost believed that it was true when Ryo had stared at her unblinkingly and looked at her with such intensity her knees had started to wobble... right up to the point the lecherous look on his face took form.
Kaori's anger spiked again as she entered the dinning area but kept her cool. It would be no good to ruin others evening because of her bad mood.
She smiled as she neared the table and took her place next to Miki, who sat across from Umibozu.
"Kaori-chan, where is Saeba-san?", asked Miki as Kaori helped herself to the delicious spread laid out before them while Umibozu snickered.
"He will be here soon enough", Kaori said shortly before smiling and stuffing a dumpling inside her mouth and gave a sigh, " They are so delicious!",
No longer had she started on her second dumpling, Ryo appeared and without a word sat silently across from her.
Miki and Umibozu said nothing but exchanged a look. Something was definitely off.
"Kaori-chan, Saeba-san, Falcon and I are done with our dinner and are heading out to the garden for a stroll. Care to join us once you are done with dinner?", Miki asked her hands already around Umibozu's arm.
Kaori nodded and smiled as they turned around and walked away, while ryo continued on with his dinner without looking up or uttering a word.
Something was definitely bothering Ryo, concluded Kaori.
She watched him closely as she ate...
Just as she had mustered the courage to ask him what was on his mind, Ryo stood up suddenly and walked away declaring he had had enough.
Kaori looked after him with troubled eyes before she too put her chop sticks down and got up.
Something was bothering Ryo and it bothered her...
What could Ryo be thinking off?
Kaori mused as she wandered into the hotel's garden.


Ryo lay in his bed tossing and turning. Sleep would not grace him with its presence today he concluded.
His head so full of thoughts and things that even when Umibozu had freaked out over seeing the kitten sleeping on his pillow, the scene had not been as funny as he had thought it would be.
He was going mad... His feelings for Kaori were something he never felt before.
They scared him.
They made him hope for more.
They exhausted him.
Yet, he liked it. Very much.
He had told himself that he would give Kaori time to deal with her demons before he...
Before he...
Before he... What?!
Ryo wondered, sulking now.
How can one woman be so much trouble...
Ryo shook his head and made his way out of the room.
This was going to be a long night...
Ryo found himself walking in the direction of the hot springs and did not question himself when he found himself relaxing there after a short while in the hot water.
The hot springs helped a little in clearing his mind.
He layed back his head against the rock and could hear the movement on the other side of the partition.
Probably another female guest from the hotel coming in for a late night dip..., Ryo mused but made no move to get up from his place... That is until he heard the clicking of a camera...
Ryo became alert at that looked around... it did not take him long enough to narrow it down. It was coming from the tree on the other side of the compound of the hot spring.
Ryo could make out the shadow of a figure... a man ... dressed in black, take unsuspecting pictures of the female hotelier.
Ryo reached out for the wash basin near him and expertly threw it at the tree...
The scumbag fell over the compound and knocked over the partition and splashed into the hot spring. The camera dangling off in an awkward angle from around his neck.
Ryo walked over to him and took the camera from him and tosses it into the hot spring...
The man whimpered as he saw his camera fall into the depths of the hot spring... broken forever.
And almost instantly, the man was sent flying with a sudden hit from a 100 ton hammer.
Ryo looked over to the other side, suprised... to find a very... a very angry... and a very... very hot Kaori...
Her cheeks were flushed.. either because of the heat of the hot springs or because of the scumbag photographer... and her short but not too short wet ... and the towel wrapped around her every curve... leaving very few to his imagination.
He stood there frozen.. unable to move... he silently agreed with his mind that he had never seen a more prettier sight then this before... there was something about this that he could not quite put his finger on... longing?... adoring?... What was it?
Kaori seemed suprised too as she slapped one hand on to her towel and began to move away from him towards the edge of the hot spring, clearly embarrassed and blushing... obviously at the sight of him wearing nothing but a towel, wrapped around his waist... Ryo felt his pride take a boost at that and smirked inwardly to himself.
He watched her try to climb over to the edge of the spring and failed and tried again... only to slip and fall...
Ryo moved in the blink of an eye, catching her before she hurt herself.
Then cursed himself for it...
The towel she wore had loosened from its hold and hung dangerously low on her back, while the the towel in the front was held by nothing but the embrace they were currently in...
God you are killing me! , he said to her in his mind.
They continued to be like that until the doors to the hot spring were opened and in came the hotel staff...
Ryo moved Kaori along with him as he turned his back to the entrance blocking Kaori from the sight of the now entering hotel staff.
"Are you alright sir?!", they asked him to which he replied yes and gave them a few witty remarks on their security for their female guests before asking them to leave, sharply.
All the while pressing Kaori to his chest with all his might... it just felt so right, Ryo justified his actions, she didnt resist now exactly did she...
Kaori had been too quiet all along and it was getting on his nerves...
"Kaori?", he asked tenatively.
Kaori looked up with such emotions in her eyes that he found it hard to breath for a moment... she looked at him... into his eyes with such intensity that it felt like she was looking into the depth of his soul...
If he had one... a voice in the depths of his mind said.
But yet she kept looking... searching in his eyes... yet he did not dare try or find the strength to look away...
Then she stopped, finding something that he was not aware of yet...
She smiled that absolutely magnificent smile before saying-
" I love you too, Ryo.".


So what do you think of the one shot that was suppose to be a one shot? :3

Review please!

Ans I am also thinking of taking requests you know...so drop in your ideas for your ideal CH fic! :)

>