


The Black Knight



Chapter 1 - Noir Chevalier


A figure wearing pitch black clothing was sitting at the back of a room staring at the oddly shaped weapons fixed to a rack on the opposite side. There was also a dresser next to him and a bed next to the rack on the opposite side of the room. The figure wore a black trench coat alongside a black padded gilet with the collar hiding his neck from view whilst his hair extended all the way around his head, except towards the back where a pony tail trailed down to around midway down his back. His eyes were an eclipse black whilst his face had keen figures with high cheekbones and a single bandage seemingly glued to his face across his nose.

He stood up, revealing that he was just above the average height, a sense of anticipation taking hold of him as he strode across the room. 'Maybe this'll be the day I've been waiting for... the day that I need.' The man finally reached the rack of weapons, parting his trench coat to reveal two weapon holsters (Detective style) and taking two pitch black pistols from the rack. The cold steel welcomed his gloved finger trips and the feeling of familiarity spread throughout his body. The pistols appeared to be similar in model to the M1911 model whist having a gleaming bayonet fixed beneath both which appeared to be a part of the model of the pistols themselves. The clip of the weapons appeared to be extended slightly and bulkier whilst the barrel of them also appeared to be wider. Whilst one of the pistols had a carved image of a dog's head at the tip of the barrel the other had the engraved image of a woman with her back turned, glancing over her shoulder. He tightened his grip around the pistols. "Pitch Beauty... Minuit... we'll do well together-"

"NOIR! What are you doing?!" The light bulb suddenly blinked into life and the room was lit up with as a woman peeked her head through the open gap between the door and the wall whilst she stared at the still figure that now turned to look at her. "The airships to beacon are leaving in an hour! You're gonna be late!"

Noir stared at his mother for a few moments before looking over at the clock on his wall, his face going pale for a moment before quickly slotting his pistols into their holsters, grabbing a loaded backpack from his bed and yanking the door open from his mother's grip and sprinting past her. "Bye Mum!"

"Wait, NOIR! What were you-" But he had already sprinted down the stairs and pushed his way through the door and breaking out of the house and into a sprint, leaving a trail of kicked up dust behind him. 'Praise Dust I got out of there quickly, that would have been awkward to explain...' Noir sweat dropped alongside the sweat which had now begun to pour down his face as he pushed his body and sprinted down another street. He had graduated from Signal academy and had applied and been accepted into Beacon, the happiest moment for him and his mother. Such a prestigious academy accepting her own son had his mother swell in pride whenever people asked her about her son since she could now say that she had two children that had attended Beacon.

Finally in sight of the air station Noir came to a slow jog, passing through a ticket mission by sliding his student identification through the machine before striding forward along the platform with sweat pouring down his face, causing his hair to stick to his face and he noticed that only a few people were getting onto the airship. His mind was racing as he made his way up the ramp and became pale as he heard it closing behind him; realizing how close he had actually cut it and spending an hour sprinting through town was worth it but now he had attracted a few looks from people, but each one turning away as he met their gaze. It was his pitch black clothes matched with his black eyes or that he looked like a much bulkier figure then he was. But Noir shrugged it off, 'People can think what they want of me, not like any of them would be worth knowing anyway...' and he simply moved to the side and taken a seat on a fixed chair just to the left of the exit ramp and in the corner and leaning back, pulling out a crumpled ash coloured fedora and placing it on his head but slightly tilted down. Time to get a little nap...

Unknown to the now sleeping Noir, a girl with long black hair had approached, with strands of it fading to purple which cascaded down her back like a waterfall whilst her clothing also reflected this. She wore a short sleeved shirt below a purple embossed panel blazer whilst a combat skirt that stretched down her legs to just below her knees. The shirt itself was black whilst the combat skirt was light purple with black streaks. Her skin was fair and her face figure was small next to the bulky image of the man beside her and her indigo coloured eyes surveyed the sleeping figure. The girl had pouches scattered on a purple belt with an onyx belt buckle, filled with who knows what and she had already set a white backpack down between her legs, the only possession of her's which wasn't associated with purple or black.

She was about to poke the sleeping figure before it adjusted itself, sighing and the fedora tilting itself revealing a single black eye now open and staring at her. "What's up?" asked the man. They were the same age, or probably were, and yet he was much larger and bulkier but his voice was akin to that of a nicer man with a touch of gruffness to it; similar to a dog's growl.

"Uh... nothing. I was just curious to see if you were awake." She replied. Her voice was full of cheer and happiness.

Neither of them talked for a few moments, the man sitting up and removing his fedora from his face and setting it onto his lap revealing his hair and pony tail. "The name's Noir Chevalier, you?"

"Indigo Althea, nice to meet you Noir. So why are you sitting alone, Noir?" Indigo brushed a loose strand of hair out of her face as she stared into the pitch black eyes of Noir whilst he stared back into her indigo coloured eyes.

"No idea, nobody likes to sit next to a man in a big black coat I guess." Noir replied, turning his eyes down to his gloved hand and clenching it slightly. He knew full well why people avoided him and he didn't mind at all. It was just his appearance and the fact he was very straight forward with people, his mouth having gotten him in trouble when he was younger with the bigger kids until he became one of the taller kids than they just tended to avoid him. Back of the class, in the corner he would sit next to a nice enough guy and they'd help each other out. He'd been called a mixture of names ranging from 'Blacky' to 'Lanky bastard', the latter wearing off pretty quickly as his body built his alongside his training and his appetite. Or that was what he thought or liked to think.

"Well I like it... it suits you. Gives you the theme of black." Noir turned back to Indigo to see her smiling at him with a gracious smile, her eyes revealing honesty and a blush began to creep onto his cheeks. He was about to respond but his voice was cut off as a voice rang out over the speakers.

"Hello and welcome to Beacon."

"Who's that?" Indigo asked, at the same time as a certain blonde.

"My name is Glynda Goodwitch."

"Oh."

"You are among the privileged few who have received the honour of being selected to attend this prestigious academy. Our world is experiencing an incredible time of peace and, as future Huntsman and Huntresses; it is your duty to uphold it. You have demonstrated the courage needed for such a task and now it is our turn to provide you with the knowledge and the training to protect our world."

There was a few moments of silence before the two heard the sound of someone retching and they both looked down the ship to see a blonde haired boy in white armour and blue jeans staggering towards the bin opposite them and throwing up into it.

The two just watched before exchanging a look and shrugged at each other.


It was less than a minute before they arrived at Beacon, the ramp lowering and releasing the new students onto Beacon. Noir and Indigo stayed together as they descended the ramp, the two making an odd sight.

Noir had placed his fedora on his head again making him look more sinister than he actually was in Indigo's opinion. But then again, it was quite useful. As they walked she noticed that people seemed to give Noir a wide berth and avoided getting too close to him like he was the carrier of some dreadful illness. They walked into the grand hall, Indigo stopping a moment to take in the sight of the massive room with the stage taking up the other side. Indigo could only absorb the magnificent sight for a few moments as she felt a rough hand grab her and pull her out-of-the-way of a rough-looking tall teen with brown hair and armour with a bird emblazoned on the chest plate. She glanced to see Noir already standing to the side and shooting the tall teen a dark look from under his fedora.

"You alright?" He asked, pulling her further to the side as the tsunami of people poured into the room, unrelenting to anyone who got caught in the tide.

"Yea... what a prat." Indigo replied, glancing at Noir's eyes and seeing the black eyes glinting dangerously and she lowered her eyes to his trench coat as it rustled from the movement of his parting it with one of his hand as he moved the other slowly, and she saw the butt of a weapon. "Don't worry, Noir. He'll get what's coming to him eventually." The two now stood at the back as the tsunami of students filled up the great hall a mixture of colours ranging from lightish red to white being seen as shouts were being exchanged between friends meeting up. Indigo spotted the teen that had thrown up on the airship but noticed he had company already in the form of a smaller girl wearing a red cloak and black corset. However then an odd sound began to invade her eardrums and she turned to see Noir's lips moving and words coming out in a sing-song voice and she spotted the edges of larger than normal canines protruding out.

"Prepare for your greatest moments, prepare for your greatest hour..." But he stopped as another voice rang out through the hall, projected by a microphone and the two turned to look at the stage to see two people standing there. One was a man in a dark green outfit holding a cane with grey hair and spectacles sitting on his nose. The other was a woman with pale blonde hair tied back in a bun with a single curl hanging down the right side of her face. Her eyes are an emerald-green. Her clothing consists of a white long-sleeved suit that exposes a part of her chest and puffy sleeves that tighten near the wrist. Her lower half is covered back a black business skirt accompanied by black boots with brown heels and wears a torn cape that is purple on the inside and black on the outside.

"I'll... keep this brief. You have travelled here today in search of knowledge. To hone your craft and acquire new skills and when you have finished you plan to dedicate your life to the protection of the people. But I look amongst you... and all I see is wasted energy. In need of purpose. Direction. You assume knowledge will free you of this but your time at this school will prove that knowledge can only carry you so far. It is up to you to take the first step."

The man stepped away from the microphone, moving away before the woman stepped up and spoke, "You will gather in the barn tonight. Tomorrow your initiation begins. Be ready. You are dismissed."

Indigo stared curiously at their headmaster as he strode off the stage, opening her mouth and turning to her silent companion and seeing him already moving away slowly and out through the exit and heading towards 'The barn'.

"Hey! Wait up!" She shouted and hurried after him. She'd rather keep the first friend she made and someone who kept people away was even better.

Noir stopped a moment, glancing around before guiding the way through the corridors of the academy, all of which were quite large, before they reached 'The barn' and they saw that a lot of sleeping bags were stretched across the floor. The barn was a very large room and Indigo blushed as she noticed...

"Where's the divider? Surely we aren't all sleeping in the same room... boys and girls..." Indigo glanced at her hulking companion, and noticed him shoot her an amused look before striding off through the sea of empty sleeping bags and heading to the corner farthest from the entrance. Indigo hesitated a moment, glancing around the empty room before hurrying after Noir 'Well it'd be better to sleep next to a boy I know then a boy I don't... plus he keeps people away. I wonder why...'

Indigo broke out of her thoughts as she saw Noir shrug off his backpack, setting it against the wall next to the sleeping bag and almost collapsing onto the sleeping back. Indigo hesitated a moment, the rush of thoughts ranging from 'It'll be fine' to 'I'm going to die', before she set her own backpack down against the wall next to his and lying down on the bag next to him. She paused a moment before turning around, reaching into her pack and pulling out a pitch black book titled 'Icha Icha Paradise' and sitting down to read it.

A blush began to creep across Indigo's face, a hand covering the title from curious eyes. Needless to say, the 'Noir' effect had taken place and she looked up, what felt like moments later but was really a few hours, to see there was a wide space of empty floor around them where people had dragged sleeping bags away from the duo to avoid them. Indigo turned to look at Noir and saw that he hadn't changed his clothing what so ever except that his fedora was now by his side again. However he seemed to feel her gaze, turning to look at her when before he had been staring at people around the room. "What's up?" He asked, flashing her his wolf like grin and she blushed in response... how could she put this without sounding weird?

"Uh... Noir... do you think you could um... block me from view whilst I get changed?" Indigo asked, a deep, red blush taking hold of her face and a similar blush took hold of Noir before he nodded in response and standing up, turning to her. "Whenever you're ready..."

Indigo continued to blush whilst reaching into her backpack and pulling out a set of pyjamas which consisted of a purple tank top accompanied by light purple bottoms. She nodded to Noir... and almost fainting as he did one swift movement, pulling his coat to hide her from view from everyone, turning his head whilst closing his eyes with the blush still on his face.

Indigo paused for a few moments before beginning to remove her clothing and she hesitated as she reached her underwear... "Open your eyes... and I'll kill you." She stated coldly, causing Noir to shudder in response; nodding. Indigo removed her underwear, which consisted of an indigo bra and pants before quickly sliding on her pyjamas. Indigo took a few moments to examine Noir's clothing and saw his gilet and the holsters and noticing the thick sideburns on either side of his face looking like they had been roughly trimmed. She smelt a mixture of sweat and a thick scent of blackberries (Basically, a sweet smell but you know those weird shower products) mixed with sweat. He definitely was obsessed with black. "Ok... you can open your eyes now."

Noir opened his eyes, turning back to look at her and lowering his coat, allowing it to fall back into place. She noticed his cheeks die down slightly in colour and he offered another wolfish grin before he sat back down on his sleeping bag and leaned back against his backpack.

"Thanks Noir, um..." Indigo's blush returned, before edging her sleeping bag closer to his with the tip of her toe and staring at it like it was the most interesting thing in the entire world before she saw the sleeping bag almost disappear from vision and she looked up to see Noir who had placed the sleeping bag directly next to his with no room in between.

"Assuming you wanted to get close, there ya go. Otherwise, sorry. But look on the Brightside, now you'll be warm in the night."

She just continued to blush for a few moments before nodding at him and climbing into her sleeping bag whilst he just sat on top of his placing his fedora on top of his head and tilting it down and yet... removing his right glove and taking one of her's Indigo was taken a back for a few moments by his direct attitude to this, and felt the warmth from the touch spread through her fingers and into the rest of her body and snuggling into her bag with his hand in her's.

Slowly, Indigo Althea began to drift off to sleep.


Noir's senses seem to receive a shock from the surprising softness of Indigo's hand and he glanced down to see her eyes closed and the lids fluttering. It felt odd to be so close to someone on his first day but she felt like a good person and she smelt of lavender. Her scent had entered his nostrils and overwhelmed his senses for a few moments making it impossible for him to feel anything else except the smell of lavender which wasn't a bad thing but even the slightest of touches would have sent him towards the floor.

Noir tilted his fedora up slightly as he heard the softest sound of feet against the floorboards and he noticed four boys approaching, all of them were from Signal... and all of them were the head of his 'fan club'.

"How's it going Dogbreath?" The boy at the front asked, wearing grey Pyjama bottoms and brown hair with a muscular chest.

Noir didn't respond, tilting his fedora up slightly and catching the eyes of the one who had spoken. "No worse than how your face is doing."

The boy glared back in response, taking a few strides towards Noir before stopping and noticing the sleeping figure next to him. "Has the dog got himself a bitch?"

The boys laughed whilst the boy who had talked was taking the last stride towards Noir to be within arm's range and reaching down to touch Indigo's shoulder. Noir threw his fedora up into the air, his trench coat rustling against the floor as he almost glided to his feet, letting go of Indigo's hand as he reached into his coat and drew his pistol: pressing it against the boy's head in a matter of moments as his hand hovered just over Indigo's shoulder.

The bayonet was poking into the boy's forehead with a small trickle of blood running down his face, falling past his eye and looking like the boy had cried a tear of blood. Noir's face was calm, collected yet his eyes were full of anger. "Try and touch her and your brain goes splat." He stated.

The boy staggered back away from the pistol, falling back to his friends and staring at Noir with a mixture of fear and anger in his eyes. "You'll pay for that, Dog! You just wait, I'll make sure you don't pass the initiation tomorrow!"

Noir glared at the boy, storing the pistol back into its holster again and taking his place back next to Indigo and sighing heavily just as his fedora dropped back down on top of his head in a lopsided position... they'd be a problem but as long as she didn't know about his true 'race' then he'd be fine because of course...

Who'd want to love an animal?



Hello everyone and thanks for reading the first chapter of The Black Knight! I hope you enjoyed it and remember to give me some reviews! Love you all



Also, the Lost Souls will be continued soon. I just needed to work around a bit of lore to do with Gilneas and the fact it was blighted to hell!



I do not own Roosterteeth or RWBY.



SPOT THE REFERENCES!



- Update. I've done another proof read and found some mistakes, it had been updated accordingly.



EDIT: So, this is when I am nine chapters into the futureeee ooooooo, Noiirrrr bad things shall happen! But on a serious note, if you spot any mistakes or something that could be improved upon please review or PM me!



EDIT EDIT: This is my confirmation to say I have edited this chapter for the Pre-21 look up!



EDIT EDIT EDIT: This is from the distant future! Of Chapter 25. Just gone through and corrected some spelling errors.


>