


New story! :) I really like this one.



I'll try to update once a week (at least) but no promises.



In case anyone is confused, Elijah Smith is the Eleventh Doctor and John Smith is the tenth doctor.



Clara watched in vague disappointment as the class bell rang, and all of her students practically leapt from his or her seats and raced out the door, the most action she'd seen from anyone today. Was her class really that boring? She was a little put out as she made her way home, and plopped down into her desk chair, her lips puffing out in exasperation as she tried to get her laptop to connect to the internet, once again.

It wasn't working.

She fingered the number Rose had given her when she had told her that her Internet wasn't functioning properly, contemplating whether or not she should call. It could really help her with her wifi issues, on the bright side, but it could also cost her some money that she really couldn't afford to spend right now. With her and Rose sharing the mortgage it was still just enough to pay all the bills.

Thinking fast, she dialed the number on her phone, and brought it to her ear, biting her lip.

"Hello, this is TARDIS computer issues how may I help you?" A loud enthusiastic voice practically shouted from the other end.

"Um…I can't find the internet." She said rather lamely, staring helplessly at her computer, her brow furrowed. All she wanted to do was check her damn email...

"Well, I'm just the man who can help you! Technically my name is Elijah Smith, but call me Eleven."

"Um…Okay." Clara said, and bit her lip. This man on the other end was weird, that was for sure. "Just tell me what to do."

"Have you clicked on the internet button?"

"Ummmmm…." That seemed like all she could say, and she clicked on the button. "Yeah, it's giving me options."

"Click on one you know!" she could hear a low rumbling in the background., "Go away Donna," she heard the man mutter, "Who cares if this isn't actually my job? I can do this. I'm brilliant at this job."

"Okay." Clara said into the phone, drawing the man's attention back to her, "I clicked it."

"Is the password typed in?"

"One sec." she said, and began to click in the numbers, using her trick for remembering the code. "Run. You. Clever. Boy. And. Remember. 123." She frowned down at her screen, "Still not working!" she protested into the phone.

"This sounds like a mobile job! Tell me your name and address." A bit confused, Clara told him, and he said he would be right there.

She put down her phone, wondering if it was a smart idea to allow a complete stranger access to her house. She supposed TARDIS was a rather small town, and not much could happen anyways.


Rose Tyler plopped the last stack of clothes on the correct rack and sighed, her bangs flying in front of her face with her exhale. She just wanted this day to be over with, but her boss said she couldn't leave until the protesters dressed as plastic mannequins outside left.

"Why aren't we able to leave?" a man nervously asked her, and she shook her head, shrugging her shoulders.

"Some protest thing. The only thing that happens here in Tardis." Rose sighed dramatically, "You don't look like you're from around here? New in town?"

"Yes actually. Moved here with my idiot of a brother." The man sighed, "Can't get rid of him. John Smith by the way." He stuck out his hand, and Rose shook it, grinning up at the unfamiliar man.

"Rose Tyler." She shook his hand; she rather liked his sticky up brown hair. "So what brings you here?"

"Trying to find a sensible gift for a secretary that my brother just rather annoyed by stealing her client."

"Inner work rivalry?" Rose suggested, watching the doors, and wondering if she could get past the rebels if she ran.

"Sort of. Except he doesn't actually work there. Do you think we could make it if we ran?"

"I have no idea." She answered truthfully, who knew with the protests these days. John Smith grinned down at her, than took her hand, a gesture she wasn't entirely familiar with.

"Run." He whispered, and she laughed as he pulled her out the door, earning scathing looks from her manager as she broke his precious rules.



Twelve years earlier


Elijah Smith winced as his ball flew right over the fence into the neighbors yard, effectively out of his Grandma's territory. He looked nervously around him, he was alone, no rude twin brother to ruin his fun. He nervously adjusted his bowtie (a girl in the park had told him it was cool) and took a few uneasy steps towards the opposite fence. Surely it wouldn't hurt if he quickly scaled the fence, retrieved his ball and flew back at the speed of light.

He quickly gripped the fence planks and pulled himself over, before thumping on the ground in a heap. He sat up straight, he would need to be careful from now on, as he was in enemy territory.

His eyes searched hopelessly for his precious ball, it was the only one his Mom would buy him, as she thought playing with toys was nonsense.

"Why are you in my backyard?" A small scottish voice asked from behind him, and he whirled around, he was caught! A little girl, probably his age stood in front of him, still in her nightie.

"Um... I...ball." he muttered, and raised his hands in the air like he was a convict.

"Are you a police man?" the girl asked, and he shook his head.

"I will be though. I'll be the bestest police man ever!" the little giggled.

"Here's your ball." she said, and tossed him the blue ball. "It hit my window."

"I'm sorry." he said nervously, but she shrugged it off.

"Oh well, my Aunt isn't home anyways." the girl stuck out her hand in friendship, "Amelia Pond."

"Elijah Smith!" he shook her hand, grinning. She was the first girl he'd met that didn't spit in his hair, or boss him around like his older sister Sarah Jane.

"Are we best friends Elijah?"

"We are bestest friends now Miss Amelia." he pronounced, and she smiled up at him.

"ELIJAH!" his Mother screamed from behind him, and he turned white.

"I'll be back, in five minutes!" he promises, before sprinting back to his Grandma's house.



Present Time


Elijah Smith raced away from the TARDIS computer issues building, rather scared of the fiery ginger lady named Donna who had chased him out with a broom when he offered to go down to Miss Clara Oswin Oswald's flat himself.

He was still planning on making the house call, he had promised after all. A promise was a promise! He found the correct apartment building, which wasn't to hard, TARDIS really was a rather small town.

He was rather pleased that his older sister Sarah Jane had instructed John to take Elijah (or Eleven as he liked to be called) with him when he moved away from London and back to this quaint little village. He didn't want to be left behind, and besides, his Mum had told John to look after his brother, a strict instruction while she had been on her deathbed.

They called him insane, which he found rather rude. Just because he didn't actually have a job, and liked to dream more than live in the real world with every single other boring human being out there, didn't make him lack in the saneness department.

He kept telling his brother he was a writer, an author who had yet to be discovered at the young age of 25, and his brilliance probably wouldn't be discovered until after he died, like Vincent Van Gogh, his favorite painter.

Still, he hesitated pressing the call button to the apartment. This woman had sounded different, almost like his brother, not stuck in the lives of boring people at all, the only people who seemed to get his eccentric ways.

He pressed the button.

"Hello?" her bubbly voice crackled through the speaker, and he adjusted his bowtie, for the 5th time since standing on this step.

"Hello! It's the man from the...phone." he finished lamely.

"Oh, okay!" she responded, "I'll be right down." he stepped away from the speaker, his hands nervously fiddling with his jacket at his side. He really hoped John didn't show up now, Donna would surely have called him, and he didn't want his brother to drag him away now.

She stepped at the top of the stairs leading to the apartment, and his mouth fell open.

She was the most beautiful creature he could ever have dreamed up. Her dark hair fell flawlessly to her shoulders, it's rich color setting off her pale skin perfectly. Her chocolate brown eyes peered up at him, her pink lips pulled into a friendly smile. She was wearing a maroon dress that fell to her dress, and dark tights tucked into boots.

"Hi..." he stammered, "Um... I'm here to help with your wifi..."

"Well, duh, that was why I called you-" she stepped forward, but her foot caught on the edge of the steps and she went down, falling down the stairs.


Rose and John Smith collapsed against the side wall of the store, laughing hysterically. Rose grinned up at the tall, gravity defying haired man.

"That was fun." Rose gasped, out of breath from running through the shoving protesters. "I don't even know why they're protesting about now." she shook her head lightly, and released his hand from her grip.

"Do they protest a lot?"

"A bit, yeah." Rose shook her head, exasperated. "I don't know why, it's not like we have a lot of problems here in TARDIS. Usually it's about the mayor, Harold Saxon."

"Well, I sure hope not, as I'm a Doctor and rather like my days off." Rose chuckled at that, but then blushed. She hoped he hadn't gotten the wrong idea and thought she was one of those richer girls from up North.

"I just work back in that shop." she gestured weakly back at the department store, "But I resigned today. I got offered a job at the hospital being a secretary for..." she frowned, "John Smith."

"Brilliant! I wasn't sure whether they'd get me one of not." Rose looked a little uncomfortable now, as she realised she had just met her new boss on accident.

"Well it's nice to meet you I guess." she said, but grinned up at him still anyways.

"Nice to meet you Rose Tyler." she liked the way he said her name, like it was something special. "Now..." he said, as the protesters rounded the corner, angry that they didn't get to bombard the pair with flyers. "Run for your life!"


Elijah was panicked as Clara tumbled down the stairs, cracking her head against the railing. He luckily caught her before she could cause further damage to herself, but she was still knocked cold. He quickly picked her up, if he was the one who brought her to the hospital, they might think it was him who knocked her out. People tended to think those things when he was involved, for whatever reason.

She had left the door open, and he quickly carried her through it, leading her up into the apartment number she had listed to him over the phone.

He found a room that he assumed to be hers, it was neat and tidy, the blue covers smoothed on the bed, pictures of Clara and a blonde woman covered the walls, and everything was very clean, unlike the other room he had passed, which was painted in various shades of pink and was rather messy. He liked a clean woman, unlike his brother John.

He set her down lightly, smoothing her hair back, he knew enough medical to know she wasn't hurt badly, just a minor goose egg maybe. He couldn't help looking around her room, picking up a book that was well worn, but seemed in good enough condition. 101 places to see.

On the inside cover was Clara's name, and her ages leading up to twenty four. Worrying that she might be hungry when she woke up, he rummaged through their cupboards until he found a small box of jam cookies. He dumped the contents onto a plate, and took a bite of just one cookie, before placing it back on the plate.

With that he took his leave, worried that she might find alarm if a strange man was in her bedroom, but he sat on her front step, so he could help her with her wifi when she woke.


Amelia Pond uneasily scanned her email, wondering if her reputation as a kissogram was getting to large. Maybe she was to good of a kisser. Deleting several emails, she sighed as she picked up a note that had been stuck in her pocket at her last party.

You would make a great model for the store! Call me at 801-555-4525

She hadn't told Rory about it yet, and wondered if she should before calling the man. He was her soon to be spouse after all, shouldn't he have a say? She honestly didn't know. Biting her lip, she glanced out her window for a brief second, and noticed a man sitting on a step in front of the apartment where Rose and Clara lived.

Frowning slightly, she noticed the way he kept glancing up at their window, as if he were... well stalking one of her lovely friends. Maybe she was just jumping to conclusions, but she really needed some fun in her life right now. Grinning to herself, she held up her police outfit, the kissogram was back at work.


John Smith strolled confidently into his job, and was informed that his new secretary would arrive tomorrow, not that he didn't already know that. He threw on his coat, and grinned at his former secretary, who glared back at him, as she packed up her stuff. It wasn't his fault that she chose to make out with one of the younger Doctor's in restricted areas.

TARDIS wasn't a very big town, and he was one of the three classified Doctor's in the area, along with about five nurses. Luckily not many accidents happened either, the perfect life for John, who had always dreamed of the small town where his Grandma had lived.

Today was supposed to be just a paperwork day, his fifth day here, but you never knew when someone would show up in the emergency part of the hospital, or call for an ambulance.

"Doctor Smith?" a young nurse, Rory his name was, asked him. "We have a call from your brother waiting at the desk." John sighed, and gestured for Rory to come closer.

"Can you take that call for me?" he asked, "I have some medical students that want to meet me."

"Um... Okay."

It wasn't a lie, a group of them stood huddled in the main operating room (which was hardly ever used in this town) their nervous eyes flickering between him and Rory as Rory scampered away.

"Alright then." John grinned at the new students, "What's your name?" he asked the only woman who looked extremely confident and sure.

"Martha Jones." she replied.

He was about to ask her a complicated medical question, trying to see if the confidence in her eyes was noteworthy, when a woman barged in through the doors, an angry look on her face and a broom in her hand.

"OI! You! Your brother Elijah Smith?" she barked, and John looked alarmed.

"Um... What?" he asked, "What?" he repeated again.


And that was how he came to be running the streets of TARDIS, his hand entwined with his new secretary Rose. They stopped again, when the avid protesters stopped following them.

"Some people say that the mayor hires them."

"Hires who?"

"The protesters. So something actually happens. They never get arrested, even though they break the law constantly." Rose spoke softly now, suddenly shy of her new boss.



"Do you think they know?" she asked the scientist.



"They can't." he said, looking over the array of healthy minds before him. "They're fully locked in the computer simulation. They think that this is their lives."



"They don't remember the real world?" she asked, stopping in front of the blonde woman. She was twitching slightly in her sleep, as of she wanted to wake up.



"Not at all. He doesn't even know that he's an alien. We won't be expecting any more trouble from the Doctor, tell them." the woman nodded, but before she left the room, she glanced over her shoulder.



"Why are we taking them again?"



"The Doctor poses a threat to all of us. But, we do not believe in the violence of the Silence. We have chosen to make him comfortable, with all of his friends trapped in the same world. After all, every lonely monsters needs a companion."




Please review! I love you all! :)


>