

A lot of people have requested a sequel/one shots for this story, and I love that everyone liked it enough to want some.

I've started the sequel/mini adventure thing, which I think everyone should like, and will tie up anymore loose ends left.

However, this authors note isn't exactly about this story... More about my other one, which I feel is some of my best writing ever, and I would love if more of you read it.

It's called Invasions of the Mind.

Thank you!

Any one shot prompts for a Sleepy Town Called TARDIS should be left in the reviews. Thanks you!

Here's a preview of the sequel.

The Master smirked through the bars of his cage. They thought they could keep him contained for much longer. Contained in this stupid ship, on this stupid world, but they were wrong. Dead wrong.

The Doctor was frustrated, he could see that. His new form didn't get red when he was angry, but his lips grew into a monstrous shape and words came out of his mouth, words that the Master was oblivious to. He just sat there smiling, day after day, until the Doctor hardly visited at all and the only disturbances he had was the slight rocking of the TARDIS when they decided to go somewhere new.

This time though, the Doctor had come in already angry, and he was shouting rather loudly, although the Master couldn't quite distinguish the words. This time though, someone did come. The girl from before… Clara. The Time Lord. She was so pretty he thought, as she popped her head around the corner, her brown curls swinging. She looked like a china doll who might just break if he pressed hard enough. She didn't break though, he'd learned that the hard way.

She was angry, just like the Doctor, but she seemed angry at him, as she swung around the corner. He was automatically surprised at the sight of her swollen stomach, but then smiled cruely.

Oh, it would all topple down soon.


and heres a preview of Invasions of the Mind:

When she woke up, she wasn't alone. It was strange, she thought, because she should be dead. She could remember the flashes of the night before, and immediately wanted to scream his name. She fought against her bonds at once, but they were made of a tougher rope than she had been trained to rip through. "Where am I?" the words left her before she could stop them, her brain muddled, and she couldn't stop the panicked words that left her mouth in a scream, "WHERE AM I? PLEASE SOMEONE TELL ME WHERE I AM!"

"No one can hear you." A cold, dead of emotion voice said to her, and Walter Simeon came into view , his face flat and expressionless.

"What do you want with me?" she spat, but they seem to have drugged her, and the words came out as a feeble whisper.

"I want you to watch." He walked over, and on her left, did something, allowing a square of light to enter the dark room. She saw that she was actually in a van, the windows tinted so no one could see into them. She was strapped to a black dentists chair, a tray next to her filled with electrodes and various torture instruments. Even though she didn't want to, she still followed Simeon's line of sight, and looked out the window.

"DOCTOR!" she screamed. He was standing there, feet from the truck, his eyes fixed on a point in the horizon. His shoulders were shaking. "DOCTOR PLEASE! HELP ME!" she screamed, and she struggled even harder, trying to get to him. He was right there.

"Shall we add some sound?" Simeon asked, and pressed another button. Voices immediately filled the truck, being projected from outside. She could hear his muffled sobs now, and it hurt. Why was he crying?


"and now a word from 'er husband."
Jenny's voice echoed, and Clara's eyes widened. Who's husband? What was going on?

The Doctor stepped up. She could see now that they were in the mountains, by her favorite hike. She had loved that place. Why was he speaking? She was right here, she was his wife, and she was alive. Why wasn't he trying to find her?


"Clara was,"
his eyes were red, and his voice sounded clogged. Why was he crying? She was right here. She was alive. "
The brightest, happiest person there ever was. She was my savior, my best friend."


"You're dead." Simeon answered her rising hysteria. "At least, he thinks you are. Everyone does." He smiled cruelly. "That should make it that much easier for you to do what I ask."

"Go to hell." She spat. He shot her another devilish grin, stepping up to where the tray of tools lay. He picked up a wire, and stuck it to her temples, and only then did Clara realize what he was doing.

"No," she sobbed, "DOCTOR! HELP ME! PLEASE! SOMEONE!" Simeon stuck more wires all over her body, even in her mouth. She was still screaming.


"She was the bravest fighter-"


"I AM NOT A DALEK!" she screamed, screwing her eyes shut as Simeon turned on the machine, "I AM HUMAN!" a hot pain flared in her body, and she writhed, hands trying to twist free of her bonds so she could free herself.


"And I loved her so very much."


"I am human," she gasped, but she could feel it changing her, changing her thoughts, changing who she was, "I am not a human, I am not a dalek, I am human! I am not Dalek! I am not a Dalek, I am not a human, I AM A DALEK!" she finally screamed, and then straightened up. Simeon, seeing that his work was done, freed her from the bonds and electrodes.


"She will live on, in our hearts forever."


>