

The Alternate universe

Disclaimer: I do not own any character unless I say so. I can't afford to get sued.
Character ages:
Phil 17
Keely 16 1/2
Pim 15
Tia 17

Summary:
This is the what if story of a one night stand. The first few chapter are going to be the same to a one night. Like the rest of my stories I don't have a drawn out plan for the story I play it by year. I hope you enjoy it
Chapter 1 - The Rehearsal
Phil's POV:
Today was the day, the day I was going to tell Keely how I felt about her. I looked at the clock - 6:45 A.M. Pim will be up in 5 minutes. I quickly ran to the bathroom, locked the door, and began to practice what I was going to say to Keely.
"Keely from the moment I first saw you, I loved you."
No, no, that will never worked.
"Keely I don't know how to...
Just then, the door knob jiggled, followed with a loud bang.
"PHIL!"
"Sorry, Pim. I beat you, better luck next time."
I didn't have the slightest clue on how I was going to tell Keely. So after I got ready for school, I told my mom I would eat breakfast at school. She was attempting to make 21st century pancakes and she is not a good cook even with future gadgets. On my to school I took out my Wizrd and tried to find a way to tell Keely how I feel about her. I found nothing. So I guess I will just have to wing it and hope I don't say or do anything stupid.
"Hey, Phil."
I turned around and saw Keely behind me. "Hey, Keels. How are you doing?"
"I am doing great, but I forgot my homework at home so can I please use your wizrd and make a copy of the homework for me?" She did her puppy dog face.
"Did you forget it or forget to do it?"
"Uhh- both," she said smiling.
I couldn't say no to her; who can? "Sure, I will give it to you next period."
"Speaking of next period, did you figure out who you are going to give your video message to?" Keely asked.
That is it! I now know how I am going to tell her. "No, but I do know I got to go," I said running down the hall.
"Phil, my math class is first period!" she yelled as I ran to my video production class.
End of Chapter 1
Please review and tell me what you think.
If you have any questions ask or if you see any errors please let me know.
- tew592






















>