

The alternate universe
Chapter 18
Keely's POV:
Phil, please talk to me. I miss you. I love you. I miss you. Your kids want to know their dad please talk to me.
I cant believe Phil hasn't spoken to me; still, it's been almost two and a half years. If I would have known this would happen I would have let him in on my plan; I am going to win my Phil back.
Phil's POV:
My life is going downhill fast; I am now at the bar 24/7. Kelly has full custody of the kids. The only tine I see them now are holidays, birthdays and once a month on the weekends, but even then I need to past a breath analyzer. The last time I did was four months ago. The look in their eyes was heart breaking. I just have so much guilt; each time I think about it I get more depressed.
I decided to go see an old friend. I went into the back yard.
"Max? Here, Boy. I need to talk to you."
"Phil? Is that you?"
"Yes, Max, it's me. Max, I need a friend to talk to."
"What do you mean? You have Keely."
"No, Max. Me and Keels are no longer talking. She hates me, my kids hate me, my ex-wife hates me, I …..hate…myself." I just broke down sobbing. Max walked up to me and just let me cry on him.
Keely's POV:
"Ok, Phil, please turn it off. I can't watch this anymore."
"Giggle off."
"Phil, I am glad that I made it on the time machine. I am mean, Phil. Come on, you turned into an alcoholic. Yeah, that's true. It means we are meant to be. Then in that case, let's have some fun." Just as we are about to, the boys burst into the room. Guess we will have to do it tonight.
The end
A/N Hope you enjoyed it. Sorry for such a short chapter. I wanted to get it done and over with. Yes, this was all a Giggle simulation. I know it's a cheap writers move, but I had it planned this whole story. I just didn't know how to get to it to that point, so I just did an improvised chapter. Hope it made sense. Please review this chapter. Also I am writing a crossover Phil of the Future and The Parent Trap called The Future Trap. Please check it out. ~Tew592














>