


A/N: This was written for the OTP Competition. I used caught in a lie for my prompt. It's also written for the Star Challenge, and the monthly oneshot competition with locked in a closet as my prompt. Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. JK Rowling does.



Hermione was reading a book on her way back to the common room from dinner one night. She had been distracted and accidently stumbled into a closet. It wasn't just any old closet at Hogwarts. It was one that liked to lock students in there at any random time. Fred Weasley got sucked into it a second after she had stumbled in. She hadn't noticed that he had been walking behind her. She groaned to herself. How could she have not been paying attention? She was a prefect, she should've known better!

Hermione sighed as she tried opening the closet door again, but it was no use. She was locked in a closet with Fred Weasley. She got out her wand and muttered, "Alohomora."

She heard an amused chuckle from beside her. "Relax, Granger. So what if you're locked in a closet with me? I'm not a horrible person. It could be worse. You could be stuck in here with Malfoy."

She could feel a headache coming on, so she held up a hand impatiently. "Just stop talking, Fred. Please. " She kept fumbling with the door, but it wouldn't open. She tried another spell that could unlock doors, but it didn't work either.

"Why did you follow me in here anyway?" She asked him after she gave up on getting out. He didn't answer, so she lit her wand and glared up at him expectantly. "Well?" She asked sharply as he grinned down at her.

"You told me to stop talking, so I did," Fred answered, laughing lightly. "And I didn't follow you. This closet likes to suck people in."

"Oh, I hate you," she muttered irritably, smacking him on the shoulder.

"No you don't," Fred said, smirking.

"Yes I do," Hermione answered confidently as she folded her arms. She glared at him as his smirk grew.

"No you don't," Fred answered again. His eyes were twinkling with mischief now.

Hermione threw up her hands in mock surrender. "All right. Why don't I don't hate you?" She asked finally. She tried to ignore how close they were.

"George saw you doodling yesterday in the common room," he answered casually, looking down at her.

Hermione rolled her eyes as she let out another irritable sigh. "So I doodled yesterday. Big deal. Is doodling a crime now? That doesn't mean anything," she said, shaking her head in disbelief. She looked up and saw Fred's grin had widened.

"You don't remember what you doodled, do you?" he asked her seriously.

"Stick figures?" she guessed, as she rolled her eyes again.

"You wrote Mrs.
Fred
Weasley on your parchment," Fred answered, as he continued grinning down at her. "Inside of a heart." He crossed his arms and stared down at her.

"I suppose you don't know anything about that," he said, watching her reaction.

Hermione's eyes widened as she felt her heart stop in her chest. She had doodled that? Why couldn't she remember? It didn't mean anything if she couldn't remember it, right? For Merlin's sake, she had feelings for Ron! He didn't exactly return the feelings though. "I don't believe you," she said stubbornly.

"George said you'd say that," Fred replied casually. He reached for something and produced a spare parchment.

Hermione stared down at the parchment in shock. She could see hearts with Mrs. Fred Weasley all over it. She felt sick when she saw the proof with her own eyes. "George stole my parchment? And you two talked about me?" She reached for her wand to hex him.

Fred held up his hands in defense. "He didn't steal it. You dropped it. You didn't realize it. We don't keep secrets from each other. It had my name on it, so he asked me about it."

He slowly wrapped his arm around her waist and brought her close to him. "You
like
me. Admit it, Hermione."

Hermione's mind whirled as her mouth started to grow dry when she lowered her wand. Her heart was dancing, though she had no idea why. Fred's hands were slowly trailing down her arms and sides. She sucked in a breath and closed her eyes. She didn't want to move away from him. His touch felt so good. It felt nice to be wanted by somebody. She felt herself moving closer toward Fred like a magnet. She couldn't move away if she wanted to.

When Hermione opened her eyes, she saw that their faces were inches away from each other. She suddenly wondered if he was going to kiss her.

Her stomach started doing somersaults and she let her mouth relax. Hermione realized how much she wanted that kiss…how much she needed it. She focused on the words he had said a few moments ago.

"I don't," Hermione answered quietly. She forced herself to back away from him. She was starting to feel claustrophobic because of how close they were to each other. She hoped she wasn't blushing.

"You're lying," Fred said, studying her. He patted her shoulder as he stepped around her. "That's all right. Two can keep a secret." He brushed a strand of hair out of her face, and he let his hand linger there.

Hermione flinched at his touch. "I'm not," She answered in a low voice.

Fred chuckled as he muttered a spell to open the locked door. "You just keep lying to yourself, Granger. You'll realize the truth soon."

"No, I won't," Hermione muttered to herself disdainfully as she glared at Fred's back when he left. She finally made her way out of the closet. She was going to get Fred back for keeping that spell a secret from her.



A/N: Thanks for reading! Please leave a review!


>