


A/N: Hey guys! I'm sorry this chapter took about two years to update again...I had a really bad writer's block, and I hope this doesn't show it at all. I'm trying to get back into writing again, and I thought that this would be a good way to get back into it again. I also was being a perfectionist over it, but like Bex told me, being a perfectionist is overrated. Fanfiction should be fun. I was really afraid that I'd never be able to write another word again, but I'm trying. Thanks to everybody that left a review, followed or favorited this story even when I was gone. I am already working on the next chapter, so I hope that won't be another two years before I update it. Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. JK Rowling does.



Hermione and the rest of the Weasley family gathered at the table at the Burrow. She still couldn't believe that the war was really over. Harry, Ron, and Hermione had been battling with Voldemort for several years, and it was now truly over.

She sat next to Fred and George, and Fred immediately rested his hand on her knee underneath the table as dishes were passed around the table. They got several curious looks, but so far nobody was saying anything to them.

Mrs. Weasley was about to take a bite of her food when she suddenly dropped it. "All right, what happened between you two down by the lake?"

Hermione's eyes met Fred's and they both grinned at each other. He squeezed her hand affectionately and her heart danced happily.

"I asked Fred to marry me," she said when he nodded at her.

Ginny squealed and danced in her chair, and Mrs. Weasley's face turned into shock. "What? Fred, you're supposed to ask the girl to marry you!"

Hermione chuckled, and Fred looked exasperated. "I gave her a ring, mum."

"It really doesn't matter how we propose," Hermione assured her, as she held Fred's hand. "I just want us both to be happy still."

Mrs. Weasley looked like she wanted to say something else, but Mr. Weasley gave her a look and shook his head.


Dinner was over without any more remarks, and Mrs. Weasley started clearing the table. Once she was in the kitchen, Hermione looked over at Fred. "I'm going to help your mum out with the dishes."

Fred looked startled. "You do realize she can do them with magic, right?"

"I know," Hermione said, grinning. It was a known fact that she actually liked washing the dishes the muggle way. "It's just…" she paused, not sure how to phrase her next words. "She's about to be my mother-in-law soon. It's a polite gesture."

Fred looked like he was thinking about her words when he nodded finally. "You want me to come with? Make sure that the conversation stays safe?"

Hermione shook her head. "No, I think I should handle this one on my own." She pressed her lips against his cheek.

Fred still didn't look assured about this, but he waved Hermione away and Hermione walked toward the kitchen.

Mrs. Weasley was washing the dishes, though she kept looking out the window distractedly and didn't notice when Hermione had arrived with the last dishes from the table. "May I help?" Hermione asked her politely.

She jumped when she realized Hermione was there, though she nodded. "You may dry the dishes," Mrs. Weasley said, giving her a smile.

She continued washing the dishes in silence, and Hermione found a towel and started drying them by hand slowly. She took her time to allow any conversation to happen.

Finally she couldn't take it anymore and looked at Mrs. Weasley. "I'm sorry if Fred and I disappointed you in any way… but I love your son very much," Hermione said softly.

Mrs. Weasley's gaze softened as she turned around to face Hermione. "It means a lot to hear you say that," she said finally, brushing some of Hermione's hair away from her side. "You've always been like a second daughter to me. I always had a feeling you would actually be one someday. I'm just surprised that you're Fred's girl."

Hermione's heart melted at the thought of being Fred's girl. "Believe me, I'm just as surprised as you are," she said, reassuring Mrs. Weasley. "I just…"she broke off and looked away

"You wish your parents were here," Mrs. Weasley finished for her.

She glanced up at Molly in surprise. "Yes. I never really was the wedding planning type when I was a little girl. But I always wanted my father to approve the man I'd marry and walk me down the aisle… I know that's not a real detail."

"It's still important," Mrs. Weasley assured her. "I think he'd realize how lucky you and Fred were to have each other."

Hermione's lip trembled as she pulled Molly into a hug.

"We'll do our best to help you find them," Molly promised her.

"Thank you," Hermione murmured.


It was finally Christmas time and Hermione was glad that the long year was over. The war was over, but so much had happened in that year especially. She was ready for a new start. Speaking of new starts, Fred and Hermione had decided to have their wedding in April when it was starting to get warmer out. She liked the idea of a small backyard wedding.

Fred was taking her somewhere, but like usual, he was being a man full of surprises.

"Where are you taking me?" she asked as he covered her eyes with his hands.

He laughed softly. "Just trust me. You'll love this."

"You know I hate surprises," she protested. She felt Fred's face brush by hers and he placed his lips on hers.

"I love you," he said softly. "Now will you please let me enjoy surprising you for once?" He kept his hands over her eyes.

Hermione smiled and nodded. They kept walking for another few more moments and she heard him open a door. "Where are we?" she asked curiously.

Fred slowly removed his hands. "We're home."

"What?" Hermione demanded to know as she opened her eyes to gaze around. They were inside a small, charming house. Her expression softened when she saw the place had been decorated with candles and roses.

She turned to Fred with a questioning look, but he was looking at her with a look full of love and adoration. "You… bought a house?"

Fred nodded proudly. "We had to have somewhere to live, and I've been saving up-" he paused to study her reaction. "I'm sorry. I just couldn't wait to start our future together."

Tears appeared in her eyes and she threw her arms around him. "I love you so much," she said as she kissed him deeply.

She could feel him grinning against the kiss. "How'd I get so lucky to be with you?"

"Me?" Hermione asked in wonderment as she ran a hand through his hair. "You're the one who's wonderful."

"Even when I pull pranks? Fred asked teasingly.

"I love your quirks," she said finally.

Fred chuckled as he rested his head on hers. "You beat me to the proposing part, so I thought I should beat you to the house hunting part."

Hermione frowned slightly. "But isn't a house too much for us? I don't want to go into marriage broke."

He shook his head. "Nothing'll ever be too much for you. It's the perfect start for our big family."

She eyed him. "Big family?"

Fred nodded eagerly. "I figured we'd have eight kids… four could fit here and then we could move into our second house later on…"

She raised an eyebrow. "Eight kids? How about three?"

"Four."

"Three."

"Four."

Hermione paused to kiss him again. "How about we wait and see what happens?"

"Deal," Fred said, squeezing her hand. "Now come on, let me give you a tour of the rest of the house!"


Hermione's mind was spinning with wedding details as the final days of the year wrapped up. The Burrow was crazy mad with wedding details; Mrs. Weasley was overwhelming her with colors and flowers and even Ginny bugged her about them whenever they were in her room together. She had thought she wouldn't be into the planning because she didn't get into Bill and Fleur's wedding, but she was the opposite for this one.

She finally decided to take a hot cocoa and retreat to the outside patio for a few moments of silence. She made her way to the hammock and watched the stars slowly appearing in the night sky.

The stars were starting to appear in the night sky, and she heard footsteps approaching her. Hermione started to hide, but then she saw it was Fred and she sighed in relief.

"Mind if I join you?" he asked, looking down at her.

"Your mum might have a stroke again if she sees us lying next to each other," Hermione warned teasingly.

"She's already having a stroke about the wrong wine glasses or something for the wedding. I think she's preoccupied for a few minutes."

Hermione scooted over and Fred joined her in the hammock. Once he was in it comfortably, they wrapped their arms around each other and she placed her head on his chest. She immediately felt relaxed when they got moments alone like this.

"I have a question," Fred said after several moments of silence.

Hermione propped herself on her elbow and looked at him questioningly.

"How invested are you into weddings? More specifically this one."

"Is this a trick question?" Hermione asked, raising an eyebrow.

"No…it's just…when mum went crazy over Bill's wedding, I told everybody we could lock mum in a cellar that day and everybody could wear what they wanted. But it's just not mum going crazy over the wedding, it's everybody."

"So you want to lock everybody in the cellar now?" Hermione asked teasingly.

"No…not George."

"You want to lock Harry and Ron in the cellar too?"

"Yeah… they keep telling me how they will hurt me if I hurt you, and that sort of thing."

"Fred, you're rambling. Just tell me what you're really thinking," Hermione said, laughing softly.

"All right. I'm thinking….we should just run off and elope."



A/N: Thanks for reading! Reviews, follows, and favorites are appreciated!


>