


So I was re-reading some of the reviews I've gotten last night and I found that a few people wanted me to continue this. So I decided I would :) there is not going to be a strict plot, I'm just going to go with the flow. It's going to be pretty fluffy (with smut). Just something for me to have fun with when I get tired of working on my other fics.



Hopefully you guys enjoy it. Let me know if you do.


The smell of hot food woke Jane the next morning. That and the sunlight streaming through the thin motel curtains. She groaned and pushed herself up on her elbows, pulling her thick mane of dark hair out of her face. Then she opened her eyes.

Maura stood at the bottom of the bed holding a brown paper bag in one hand and a cardboard holder with two coffee cups in the other.

"That for me?" Jane rasped, clearing her throat to rid her voice of sleep. Maura smiled and cocked her head, watching Jane attempt to detach herself from the bedsheets.

"No, I ordered myself two coffees and two bearclaws," Maura replied sarcastically.

"Well you better plan on sharing because I could murder me some breakfast pastry right now. Sweet threads by the way."

"Threads?" Maura asked, climbing onto the bed and gently setting down the coffees.

"The outfit," Jane replied, grabbing one of the cups and checking for writing on the side. Maura was wearing Jane's dark grey sweatpants and one of Jane's old BPD shirts. It pulled tight across the bustier woman's chest and didn't quite suit her, but Maura shot Jane a delighted smile at the compliment.

"Well I couldn't exactly wear Marc Jacobs to Starbucks at six in the morning, could I?"

"Six in the – Maura it's too damn early to be up!" Jane groaned, throwing herself dramatically back onto the bed. "And those are both nonfat," she added, gesturing blindly to the coffees with her face buried in her pillow. "I hate nonfat."

"The first lecture starts at nine. Six am is the perfect time to be awake. And you're lucky I got you coffee at all, you really need to cut back."

Jane removed the pillow from her face and shot a threatening scowl at Maura. "You deprive me of coffee and I will make this entire conference trip a living hell for you."

Maura giggled. "Well so far you haven't succeeded. It's been closer to heaven."

Suddenly Jane felt very awkward. She watched Maura's amused smile fade slowly. The doctor averted her gaze and looked down, picking at the bedsheets.

Jane sat up. "Do you mean that, Maur?" she asked, heart hammering wildly against her ribcage.

"I … well … it's completely improbable that heaven can be something tangible, not to mention illogical given that it is reproduced in a metaphoric state for the benefit of -"

"Maur."

Maura looked up at Jane, biting her lip shyly. "I … yes. I'm sorry."

"What? No, don't be sorry! There's nothing to be sorry for," Jane said, scooting forward and drawing Maura into a hug.

"Are you sure?" Maura mumbled into Jane's shoulder.

"Yes. I mean no. I mean … it was great. I loved it. But how are we going to do this?"

"Do what?"

"This. I mean … are we dating now? Are we lesbians? Oh god, my mother will love that." They both laughed.

"I don't know," Maura replied, drawing back to look Jane in the eyes. "I don't want this to affect our work."

"So we won't tell anyone, then," Jane said.

"But isn't that a little … dishonest?"

"No more dishonest than claiming you needed a 'police escort' to California for a conference on the rates of decomposition on bodies in extreme heat," Jane teased. Maura laughed and looked down, her cheeks going pink.

"Okay," she said. "I really do need an escort, though. It helps to have a less-educated pair of eyes go over a scene examination with you."

"Less – what?"

"Nothing," Maura said.

"Less-educated? I'll show you less-educated."

"Eat your bearclaw."

"No."

"Okay, I will then."

"Fine. Give it here. But you owe me."

Maura just laughed.

>