


Rebirth



Chapter 1: Pike


by Starsinger


And because I just can't do a normal death fic… Don't own them.


They were all there, all those souls. Pike, Kirk, McCoy, Uhura, Sulu, Scotty, and Chekov. "Most times we give each soul a choice in returning to life in a new body," a voice sounded. "But, you are needed again. Not all of you will be human, or the same sex, but you will find yourselves where you are most needed. You will come together again as a team."

"What about Spock?" Uhura asked.

"Since he is still alive, he is not directly affected. He may recognize you without actually doing so. You will meet him again, he still has a long life ahead of him. As it is," a light shifted to Pike, "first in, first out." Pike disappeared. "The next one out will be informed when it is time."

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

Lieutenant Jean-Luc Picard stood nervously under the New Vulcan sun. He tugged at the white turtle-neck collar of the uniform commonly referred to as the "Monster Maroons". His captain had surreptitiously given him a hat to protect his head with his sadly thinning hair, damn male pattern baldness. He sighed, waiting. Vulcans had perfected the art as they stood patiently waiting for the ceremony to begin.

Picard knew the honor this was, attending the betrothal ceremony of Ambassador Sarek's son, Spock, and another Starfleet officer, Saavik. Saavik had been a rescue from a Romulan border colony years before, but she had followed in her mentor's footsteps as Executive Officer and Chief Science Officer of the USS Armstrong under Captain Truman Howes. Picard looked sideways at his captain, Anton Manning, as he stood at relative attention. He was twenty-four years old, and honored to be here.

A gong sounded in the distance and everyone straightened to attention. Picard watched as an older Vulcan in red robes strode down the dirt path, Picard realized that this must be Sarek. He held his breath as he was followed by another Vulcan in dark brown, Spock. Spock looked around at the guests and nodded before being followed by six strapping Vulcans carrying a divan, and atop the divan rested the ancient High Priestess of Mt. Seleya, T'Pau. She had not been seen in nearly sixty years, and rumors had run rampant that she was dead. It appeared not to be so as she reappeared for her grandson's betrothal. The divan was set down at the alter as the gong sounded again.

This time a Vulcan woman appeared wearing a silver gown. Picard watched as Captain Howes nodded in satisfaction as the woman, Saavik, crossed to stand beside Spock. T'Pau motioned them down as they sank to their knees their expressions became blank. The rest of the ceremony was pretty much a blur, as the sun threatened those not used to its oppressive presence, and soon Picard joined the line to greet the newly betrothed couple.

For a moment, Picard's eyes met Spock's, and a momentary flash of recognition flashed between them. "What is your name, Lieutenant?" Spock asked curiously.

"Jean-Luc Picard," he replied straightening under the Vulcan's penetrating gaze. Spock nodded as he continued down the line. Later, Captain Manning asked Picard what had gone on between them. "I don't know, Captain, it was almost as if we knew each other." Picard chuckled, "Maybe I was a member of the Enterprise crew in another life!" Manning shook his head as the universe headed forward toward the destiny this man would fulfill.


Okay, I'm not going in necessary birth order of the Next Gen crew. I'm not entirely sure who's older, Crusher or Riker, but this should be fun.


>