


The Wedding


by Starsinger


There really is only one way to end this story. Sorry it took so long. Don't own them.


Jo, Spock, Saavik, and Kevin all converged on the reception in Alaska. They had gone to the wedding together, and they were here, together. Jo looked at Spock and Kevin, "How are you two feeling?"

Kevin took a deep breath, "Jealous. I can't help but feel that I should have been there with them, making all those discoveries and exploring all those worlds."

Spock nodded, "I have felt…left out." Saavik nodded and walked briskly toward a nearby table.

"None of us are going to the Betazoid wedding?" Jo asked.

"Spock and I will be attending," Saavik replied. "We have never attended a traditional Betazoid wedding."

"Do you plan on observing all the Betazoid traditions?" Kev asked with a glint in his eye.

Spock glanced at his wife, "When in Rome…" Jo and Kevin broke out into laughter.

"Ladies and Gentlemen and Gentlebeings! I'm honored to present to you Mr. and Mrs. William Riker!" the announcer said. They entered. Will looked handsome in his dress uniform as Deanna looked stunning in the one-shouldered pink satin ball gown with flowers running down the single strap on the gown. They looked enraptured.

"She's beautiful," Jo gushed. The general consensus at the table was Deanna was a beautiful bride. They looked very happy. Jo laughed at Picard's "best man" speech. Kevin joined in as Picard implored them to remain on the Enterprise. The head shake came at the same time, this couple's bond went beyond the obvious.

"To the bride and groom!" Captain Picard toasted, everyone repeated the response.

Jo caught sight of a dark skinned humanoid woman across the room just as Worf announced, "Romulan Ale should be illegal."

Geordi responded, "It IS illegal." He laughed as Worf groaned and put his head on the table in front of him. "What about you?" Geordi asked the woman beside him. They watched as the Rikers took their first dance. "Ever thought of getting married again?"

"No," she replied, "forty-nine is my limit." Jo couldn't believe she had said that with a completely straight face.

Kevin touched Jo's arm, "That's Guinan. She's El-Aurian. Don't worry if you've never heard of them. Most of the race was wiped out by the Borg eighty years ago. She's the bartender on the Enterprise."

"Bartender?" Spock asked. "They allow alcohol on the Enterprise?"

"A very limited supply. They serve Synthehol. The taste without the hangover, or the drunkenness afterward," Kevin replied.

"What do you think about when you see this group?" Saavik asked.

"I can't help but see my dad and Jim, they look so happy. They found a cure for Xenopolycythemia two weeks after Daddy died. I honestly don't think it would have made any difference," Jo replied.

Spock looked at the couple as they sat at a nearby table with the best man and the Matron of Honor, "Neither do I," he replied softly. "If he had managed to revive Jim, he would have fought, but I think he just…gave up." Jo and Kev nodded in agreement.

"I'm just glad they got their happy ending," Jo finally replied. "To happy endings," she raised her glass in a toast. They joined her in the toast. They all agreed with her that these two deserved the happy ending.

>