


I don't own anything but Rae/Skylar and my ideas.




Summary: I just had to be her. The one he fell in love with, the girl who was taken away from her brother, got aged back to being sixteen- forgetting my memories for 28 years in the process, and then having to jump into a giant portal not knowing where I would be taken. "He thinks I'm Robin Hood's twin sister who got kidnapped by Peter Pan for two decades." Peter Pan/OC




Chapter 1- Pilot


I scowled as I stepped out of the grocery store, slinging my backpack over my shoulders. You'd think after all the times I've been there and paid for my things that they'd give me a break and not check my backpack and my clothes every time I leave. One time I steal something (to survive, might I add) and they get something stuck up their asses.

I laid my skateboard on the ground, pulled my hood up, and skated away. I rolled down the street, and waved at Dr. Hopper who said, "Still coming for your appointment tomorrow, Skylar?"

I nodded and said, "Like Mary Margaret would let me skip it."

He laughed and said, "You have a good point."

He then directed his attention elsewhere and I followed his gaze to see Henry and a blonde woman standing by a yellow bug, talking. Archie yelled, "Henry, what are you doing here?"

I got off my skateboard, picking it up, and saying, "Is everything alright?"

Henry smiled when he saw me and said, "I'm fine, Sky."

I grinned and ruffled his hair as he petted Archie's dog.

"Who's this?" Archie asked, taking notice to the blonde woman. She stiffened a little as she said, "Just someone trying to give him a ride home-" Henry cut her off though, as he said, "-She's my mom, Archie."

I felt my eyebrows shoot into my hair as I looked between the two as Archie said, "Oh. I see."

"You know where he lives?" Henry's Mom asked, and I said, "Yeah, sure. Right on Mifflin street, the Mayor's house is the biggest one on the block."

She looked down at Henry and said, "You're the Mayor's kid?"

Henry quietly looked down as he said, "Maybe."

I rubbed the back of my neck and said, "I better get going before Mary Margaret worries. I'll see you later Henry. Bye Archie, see you tomorrow."

I quickly dropped my skateboard and skated away from the three.


I headed in the apartment that I shared with Mary Margaret and as I walked in the door, said woman said, "There you are, I was getting worried!"

I smiled at her and said, "Sorry. They had to do the annual body check before I left the store… and I met Henry's birth mother…" Mary Margaret paused and said, "Really?"

I nodded and said, "Yeah. That's why Henry wasn't in school. He must've ran away to find her. He was successful though she didn't seem to want to have him with her."

Mary Margaret shrugged and I put my backpack on the counter and pulled out the coffee for her and said, "Here's the coffee."

She smiled and said, "Thanks Skylar."

I smiled and said, "No problem. I drink it more than you," I grabbed my backpack and said, "I'm going to bed now. I'll see you tomorrow morning."

She smiled and said, "Alright, goodnight."

"Goodnight," I said to her with a smile and headed into my room.


"
Come on, Rae!" I heard. I smiled and looked up at the boy who called my name. I couldn't make out his features or anything. All I could see was his eyes. They looked happy and bright. Then I heard, "Skylar! Skylar! Skylar wake up!"


I groaned and looked up at Mary Margaret and she said, "Time for school."

I nodded and got out of bed, and then fell flat on my face and raised a hand to Mary Margaret, saying, "I'm good. This is normal, remember?" I did this every morning. I either tripped over my sneakers or my skateboard. Usually it was my sneakers. This morning it happened to be my skateboard.

I stood up and grabbed my black skinny jeans, my grey long-sleeved shirt, my prized Rag &amp; Bone jean jacket, and my regular black sneakers. I headed into the bathroom, dropped the clothes on the toilet and got into the shower. Only when I turned on the water, did I realize I was still dressed. I cussed and quickly stripped off my clothes, and then continued to shower.


"Forget to take off your clothes again?" Mary Margaret asked as I walked down the stairs. I grumpily nodded and sat at the table as Mary Margaret set a cup of coffee in front of me with a plate of eggs and bacon. I smiled at her and said, "Thanks."

"No problem, Sky," She said to me with a smile, and I took notice of the clock and then shoved all the food in my mouth as Mary Margaret handed me a travel cup that held my still warm coffee. I smiled at her as I grabbed my skateboard, throwing my backpack over my shoulder, and grabbing my coffee from her hand. I kissed her on the cheek and said, "Thanks!"

I ran out the door, not knowing that a black shadow with glowing eyes was following my every move.


I headed down the hallway, following my science teacher. It's not my fault that the volcano decided to explode. Even though I hit it the button. I didn't know it was hooked up. You don't mark a big red button
"Don't Push"
and not expect someone to push it. It's a given. Especially when I'm in that class- it's bound to be pushed.

We passed Mary Margaret and Henry's birth mother and prayed that my teacher wouldn't see them. Sadly, my prayers weren't answered as my science teacher stopped and said to me, "Why don't you stay with Ms. Blanchard until class is over."

She then turned and walked away. Both women looked at me and I shrugged and said, "I hit the button that said "Don't Push" and the volcano blew up. Not my fault."

Mary Margaret shook her head and Henry's birth mother smiled and said, "I didn't get to introduce myself. I'm Emma."

I smiled and said, "Skylar, but everyone calls me Sky. I babysit Henry every now and then. Regina doesn't really like me that much anymore because I stole an apple from her. Turns out I'm allergic because I fainted."

Emma simply nodded slowly and then said, "Thanks for the help before." She then left and Mary Margaret and I started walking outside where recess was being held for the younger kids.


I knocked on Archie's door, and he opened it with a smile, saying, "Right on time."

I smiled at him and he let me in. I dropped my backpack and skateboard by the door, and sat on the couch with my legs crossed under me and my hands in my lap. Archie sat in front of me and said, "What's wrong? I can tell something's bothering you."

"I'm having these weird dreams…" I said shaking my head, "They sound exactly like what Henry talks about all the time, and it's worrying me..."



AN: I finally got to season three of OUAT and it's genius. I loved every second of what they have so far, but I hated how they killed off Peter. But after I finished watching it, I got this idea, and here we are. Sorry it's a short first chapter, but I'll post Chapter 2 tomorrow.

I'm going to try not to make Skylar/Rae to be so Mary Sue, but if it happens a couple times, I'm sorry. But we will be seeing the shadow a lot through the seasons and teeny tiny bits of Peter through the chapters until Season three where Henry goes to Neverland. We will also be going to see Rae get dreams/memories of Peter (example is up above, but there will be a lot more than that.)




But this all depends on if you guys like my idea or not. So, please review! :)


>