


I don't own anything but Rae/Skylar and my ideas.




I have died every day waiting for you


Darling, don't be afraid I have loved you


For a thousand years


I'll love you for a thousand more


And all along I believed I would find you


Time has brought your heart to me


I have loved you for a thousand years


I'll love you for a thousand more



- Christina Perri,
A Thousand Years





Chapter 71- Happily Ever After


"Rae… Rae... Rae, WAKE UP!" Snow yelled, finally getting fed up as she shoved the teenager off of the queen sized bed.

Skylar sat up, her face automatically changing into a glare as she stared at the women standing in her room, "What the
hell
do you want? I was sleeping!"

"It's your wedding day, Skylar. You have to get dressed," Emma informed the brunette, crossing her arms over her chest.

Skylar paused for a moment, taking in what the blonde had said. Slowly, she paled, "I'm getting married… to Peter… today. Oh my gosh."

"Rae… you okay?" Belle asked quietly, approaching the archer.

Skylar didn't respond, instead choosing to stare at a picture that she had taken of her and Peter about a week previous, which was resting on the side table next to their bed.

Peter had his arms wrapped around her waist as his head was on her shoulder. She was curled into his arms as she held up the camera to face them.

Skylar momentarily paused before she shot up from the floor, "What time is it?"

"Eleven," Henry informed her, standing between both of his mother's.

Skylar stared, "
WHAT
!? Why didn't you wake me up earlier!? I have to take a shower, shave my legs, dry my hair, do my makeup, and then make sure all of
you
are perfect-"

Snow quickly tried to interrupt, "-Rae, calm down-"

But the teenager didn't seem to hear her, for she continued, "-And then I have to call Peter and make sure that everything is done. Then I need to check the cake, and then the venue, and oh my
gosh
- the wedding starts at two and there's so much to do! I can't breathe!"

Henry walked up the brunette who was, in all honesty, like a sister to him, before he somewhat roughly shaked her shoulders, "Sky, snap out of it! More than half of that is already done!"

"Wait… what?" Skylar questioned, her hands moving to grab his elbows.

Regina smiled, "Everyone in town is coming to the "great Rae Hood's wedding". Meaning that the cake was done by Granny, the venue was perfected by Ruby, Henry is going to leave here and go help Charming and Hook get Peter ready, and all
you
need to worry about is taking a shower, shaving your legs, and getting dressed."

Skylar slouched into the chair she had got into at some point, before saying, "I'm going to go take a shower."

Everyone in the room simply giggled, watching as the door slammed shut behind the archer, who had rushed into the bathroom, moments before the heard a loud scream of annoyance.

Snow grinned, "That's her way of saying thank you."


Robin entered Snow's apartment, Roland inches behind him, just as Regina was putting the final touches on Skylar's hair.

The archer hadn't gotten dressed yet, but she was surprisingly calm as she leaned forwards in her seat, playing Call of Duty whilst Snow was finishing painting the teenager's toenails and Regina was doing her hair.

"Rae, stop moving your toes!" Snow snapped, glaring up at the teenager.

Skylar's gaze didn't waver from the TV, showing no signs of hearing as her fingers continued moving rapidly on her controller.

Snow rolled her eyes, "Rae, are you listening to me?"

"Your whining isn't worth listening to. I hear it every day, why would today be any different than normal?" Skylar responded with a smirk.

Snow sighed, "I'm done. You'll only have half of your toes painted because you keep clenching them, but that's not my fault."

"In a way it is," Skylar snickered as she won the level she was on, leaning back on her chair in satisfaction.

Regina, on the other hand, smiled, "There you go. Your hair is all done."

Skylar sat up and walked into the bathroom, immediately twisting around to look at her hair. She grinned, "It's perfect, Regina. Thank you!"

"It was my pleasure. Now it's time to get you into that dress of yours," Regina said as Robin set Roland down on the couch.

Snow immediately smiled at the little boy before she grabbed Skylar's wedding dress, and walked over to the archer, who was staring at the heels that Emma was showing her in horror.

"I'm not wearing those," Skylar informed her with a rapid shake of her head, crossing her arms over her chest in denial, "I'd rather die again."

"You have to!" Belle pleaded.

Skylar gritted her teeth, "Is this my wedding or all of yours?"

"We just want you to enjoy your wedding," Emma informed her softly.

Skylar raised her eyebrows, "Good, then you'll let me wear my sneakers."

"I'll make you a deal then. If you wear these shoes during the ceremony, then you can wear whatever shoes you want during the reception," Emma bargained with a smirk.

Skylar grinned, "I'm going to say yes for two reasons. The first one is to humor you because you think you
actually
have a say in the matter of what I wear, and the second reason is just to shut you all up."

"Just put the shoes on," Emma snapped, now glaring, as she shoved the heels into the archer's hands.

Skylar smirked and walked into the bathroom once more, Snow following behind her as she held the dress.


"I can't breathe," Skylar said as she looked in the mirror in the back room of the only church in town.

The teenager turned around and looked at her twin, "Robin, I can't do this. I-I don't get married. I'm Rae Hood; I don't
do
commitment!"

"Rae, you've been in love with Peter for over 400 years. You two were meant to be together," Robin informed her softly, rubbing his sister's arms in comfort.

Skylar sighed, "I'm just so scared. What if we get taken away from each other again, but this time something bad happens and one of us dies? We will never see each other again, and I don't think I can do that, Robin."

Robin grabbed Skylar's shoulders, "Rae, you are my little sister," Skylar huffed, yet Robin continued, "I love you. I may not like Peter that much, but there is no denying the feelings you two share for each other are real. He would do
anything
for you, and you would do the same for him. You've literally crossed realms for each other and
never
gave up, always believing that you two would find each other again, and you
did
. I've never seen love like that. Ever."

"I don't do good with mush unless it's Henry or Peter saying it, so what are you trying to tell me?" Skylar informed him with a sigh.

Robin chuckled, "Rae, I may have never actually seen love like your's and Peter's… but love like that
never
dies. You two were meant for each other. I'm a hundred percent positive of that fact."

Robin was shocked moments later, as Skylar wrapped her arms around him in a hug, saying, "I love you, brother."

"I love you too, Rae."


"Alright, show time," Charming began, walking over to where his wife (Snow), daughter (Emma), mother-in-law (Regina), and close friend (Skylar) were. He did not, of course, include Hook into the matter, but the pirate was still there, following the prince over to the group.

The archer was standing behind all of them, holding Roland's hand as Robin calmed her down.

"It's time? Oh my gosh…" Skylar murmured, looking like she was about to cry.

Snow turned to face her best friend, "Rae, calm down. You'll be fine. You'll have me, Robin, Charming, Regina, Hook, and Emma up there with you."

Skylar didn't hesitate in saying, "Emma doesn't calm me down, she stresses me out! That didn't help at all!"

"I heard yelling, what's going on?" Belle asked the group as she walked in, hand-in-hand with Gold.

The man seemed rather shocked at the archer's appearance, saying, "You look beautiful, Rae."

"Aren't you supposed to be up front with Peter? I feel like I'm about to die of a heart attack again," Skylar asked, taking in quick breaths of air.

Regina sighed, "This calls for drastic measures. I'll be back." She then walked away from the group, and then out of sight, making Skylar freak out more.

"Sky, breathe!" Henry pleaded, running into the room.

Skylar sighed, "I can't!"

"Yes you can, it's a very simple thing to do!" Henry informed her, somewhat (totally) sarcastically.

Skylar paused, but only for a second before she said, "You have been spending
way
too much time with me if you've been able to pick up on my sarcasm."

"We already knew that," Emma commented, making Skylar give her a glare.

Charming looked at Emma, somewhat helplessly, "Emma, you're not helping the situation."

"She never does," Skylar added with a wide smirk.

Hook quickly took Emma out of the room before she could say anything else to the anxiety ridden teenager.

"Rae, come with me," Regina began as she walked back into the room.

Skylar seemed hesitant, but followed the Queen as they walked down the hall.

After a few turns down different hallways, Regina opened a door, "Go in."

Skylar walked in, doing as she was told, but ultimately confused. That isn't last long, though, as her mouth dropped open, one word escaping her, "Peter!"

The aforementioned boy turned and smiled at his wife-to-be, saying, "Rae."

She walked over to him and he smiled, pulling her into a hug, "I heard you were freaking out."

"Maybe a little…" Skylar admitted.

Peter smiled at her, "I doubt that. I know you when you freak out, and when you say a little it's usually a lot."

"Okay,
maybe
it was a lot. But you can't blame me. I'm scared," Skylar informed him, looking down at her feet.

Peter placed his fingers under her chin, pulling her head back up so their eyes would meet, "You don't need to be scared, love. I'll be right beside you the whole time."

"You were right beside me when I was taken away from you too," Skylar replied with tears in her eyes.

Peter brushed them away, saying, "And I made the mistake of not grabbing you quick enough. I will never make that mistake again."

Skylar smiled and leaned her forehead against his, "I love you, Peter."

"I love you too, Rae. Now shall we go get married?"

"Let's do it."


"You ready, little man?" Skylar asked, fixing Roland's tie.

She was squatted down in front of the toddler, readjusting certain things before he went out in front of the entire town to put rose petals down upon the ground.

"Yes, Aunt Rae," Roland said in his little voice, smiling at his Aunt.

Skylar smiled, "Good, I'm glad. Regina is going to hold your hand as you do the petals since you're nervous. Is that okay with you?"

Roland nodded enthusiastically, "Yeah! But what about you and daddy?"

"We'll be right behind you, now go take Regina's hand and when she says so, you're going to throw the petals on the ground. Okay?" Skylar explained with a smile as Regina walked over to the pair.

Roland nodded eagerly and took Regina's hand, saying, "You'll be right behind me, Aunt Rae?"

"Of course."

Roland smiled and held Regina's hand even tighter as Snow and Charming went out together. Then Hook and Emma. Then the bride music started, and Skylar looped her arm with Robin's as Roland and Regina started walking through the doors.

"Don't let me run," Skylar pleaded softly, just before they started walking.

Robin smiled, "I'd never let you do such a thing, Rae."

"You have before," Skylar reminded him with a small laugh as they walked through the doors.

Skylar gripped her bouquet tightly as everyone stood up. She gulped and looked around nervously, but as soon as she saw Peter she calmed down.

He was grinning, his hands crossed in front of him as he looked at his bride. He was wearing the normal black suit with a bow tie, but his hair was normal and not slicked back (per Skylar's request).

To his right was Charming, and then Hook. Robin would eventually stand in front of Charming when they got up there, for Robin was Peter's best man.

When Skylar and Robin got to Peter, Robin gave Peter a glare, but handed his sister over to him as he took his place behind the groom.

Gold was going to be doing the ceremony as no one else knew someone who would be able that wasn't already in the wedding party.

As Gold started talking, Skylar and Peter's fingers intertwined as they looked at each other. As they listened to Gold started the ceremony.

"Ladies and Gentlemen, we are gathered here to day to witness the glorious union of Rae Hood and Peter Pan…"


"Oh Rae, it was beautiful!" Snow sobbed, hugging Skylar tightly.

The archer, surprised by the hug, released Peter's hand and patted her best friend on the back, "Um… thanks, Snow, but, uh… why are you crying?"

"She found it very sweet," Emma informed her as she pried her mother off of the brunette.

Skylar nodded and laced her hand with Peter's again as they both headed towards a limo that was waiting with a chauffeur to drive them to the reception.

As they got in the car, Skylar sighed and leaned her head on Peter's shoulder, before he kissed her on the head as he wrapped his arm around her shoulders.

"Well, my feet hurt," Skylar stated before she kicked her heels off.

Peter laughed and reached under the seat, pulling out a pair of his wife's converse before handing them to her.

Skylar looked at Peter with wide eyes and kissed him roughly before taking the shoes.

Peter couldn't help but laugh as he saw the look of happiness on her face.

She slid the shoes on and grabbed Peter's jacket, pulling him close to her. He couldn't help but smirk as she said, "You look hot in this suit…"

"Oh do I?" Peter asked as he leaned over his wife.

Skylar nodded, "Yeah, but you'd look better with it off."

"I think I can take care of that."


"Why are you thirty minutes late?" Snow asked, crossing her arms over her chest.

Peter got out of the limo and helped Skylar out, but as Snow saw the state of her hair, she shook her head in disbelief, "You two didn't."

"Okay Snow. We didn't," Skylar agreed with a wide grin, wrapping her arms around Peter's waist.

Snow shook her head, "That's what the honeymoon is for."

"We started early," Peter replied with a smirk.

Snow simply rolled her eyes and walked into the town hall, the newly married couple following her.

"Okay, I have a toast to make," Charming began as he stood up.

Skylar groaned, "No, Charming. Sit down!"

Charming shook his head, "I'm going to ignore the bride and continue," The crowd laughed, "Rae has been my best friend for... well it's been a long time," The crowd laughed again, "She helped me find my wife, and gave my daughter a hard time when I didn't know she was my daughter," The crowd laughed, "She's the most sarcastic, smart-assed person I've ever known… but I love her," The crowd awed, "So Peter, if you hurt her- I will kill you."

Peter laughed at this, his arm wrapping around Skylar's waist as she laid her head down on his shoulder.

Snow took this as an opportunity to stand up, "Okay it's my turn now," Skylar groaned, but that didn't stop Snow, "Shut up, Rae."

Skylar stuck her tongue out at the black-haired woman and Snow ignored her, saying, "Rae Hood is the most devious, smart-mouthed, idiotic seventeen year old
ever
. Now she's not really seventeen, but she doesn't act like her 400-year-old self," Skylar simply shrugged in response, "She helped me when I needed it. She taught me how to survive. Right after she lost the love of her life, so honestly, I was surprised she didn't cut off my head or shoot an arrow into my brain-"

Skylar cut her off, saying, "-I would've saved myself a lot of broken fingers if I had."

The crowd laughed as Snow rolled her eyes, "Shush, Rae. I'm trying to give a speech. Anyways, Rae is a stubborn person. She rarely likes people, much less love them. So, if she loves Peter, I guess I'll just have to trust her like she trusted me when she took me in. But Peter, if you break her heart, I
will
make sure I put Rae's training to use."

Peter laughed somewhat nervously, so Skylar kissed him on the cheek. He smiled at her, and the archer laced their fingers together.

Then Robin stood up.

"I take it we're all doing speeches, so I guess I'm next then," Robin began. Skylar chuckled as her brother continued, "Now I'm not good at this kind of thing, but I will try my best… Rae, you're my little sister. Peter protected you and loved you when I didn't, so I thank him for that. But as everyone else said Peter- I will kill you if you hurt her."

Robin sat down again, and Skylar smiled.

The speeches went on like that for another half hour as everyone said their opinions on the new couple.

But Skylar's favorite speech had to of been Henry and Roland's.

"Rae, we love you!" They had both yelled into the microphone together, making Skylar laugh before she stood up and hugged them both.

Roland sat himself in Skylar's lap for the rest of the speeches as Henry went and sat back in his seat that was directly next to Skylar's as Peter was on her other side.

After that had happened, they were called up for their first dance as husband and wife.

Skylar and Peter had both stood up and got on the dance floor together, the archer immediately wrapping an arm around her husband's neck as she placed her hand in his. Peter follow this by putting his hand on her waist, and then music started.

Skylar smiled as she heard the song choice, which only grew as Peter said, "Well this song surely fits," he finished the sentence by twirling her around.

The archer nodded in agreement, "It does. That's why I asked for it."

"I love you, Rae Hood. I always will," Peter informed her as he pulled his wife closer to him.

Rae smiled, "I love you too, Peter Pan."

"You're mine."

"I'm yours."

And Rae Hood finally got her happily ever after.

"
Once in a while,



Right in the middle of an ordinary life,



Love gives us a fairy tale."




~ Anonymous ~





AN: OKAY IT'S OFFICIAL. I'M CRYING RIGHT NOW.

I CAN'T BELIEVE IT'S OVER *sobs loudly*.



I'm gonna miss writing this and obsessively watching the episodes and crying at different parts of laughter or sadness. Oh my... BUT I HAVE GOOD NEWS. I talked to a few of my good awesome friends who read Echo, and I asked them if they would like a short story/alternate ending kinda thing that shows Rae actually being able to get pregnant. It would show the pregnancy and it'd be funny.



But I'm still going to do the prequel. It'll just be an in-between kinda thing. I'll have it up in a few days, but for right now we are going to sob at the fact that Rae and Peter are now ending this chapter of their story. (Haha, see what I did there? End this chapter and- nevermind, I'm a dork.)



But I love every single one of you who has stuck by Rae/Skylar through the First, Second, and Third season of her sarcasm, smart-assedness (that's probably not a word but who cares), and her heartbreak of missing Peter, her dying, and then- well everything in-between the main things that I just typed up to the sentence.



71 chapters and over 300,000 words and I love you all for sticking by my dorky weirdness and family drama.



P.S. And thank you to my wonderful Beta, Lanie or JustHandMeTheBook from Wattpad, for editing this chapter.



P.S.S. I made a tumblr for everything Rae Hood. The username is raehood. I will post random covers that I never used on here, and I will answer any questions anyone has. So there ya go.



P.S.S.S. Once again, thank you all for sticking around with me for this long, and if you just joined the Rae Hood sarcasm train, I'm glad that you liked the cruddy summary enough to actually click on the link. I shall post a message when the short story thingy is up.



And for the last time *sobs loudly again* Review, follow, favorite, do whatever you want :)



>