


I OWN NOTHING



THANK YOU ALL FOR BEING WITH ME FROM A NEW TITAN TO NOW. IT REALLY MAKES ME HAPPY TO SEE OTHERS ENJOY MY CREATIONS, AND I HOPE YOU ALL HAVE ENJOYED READING THE TITANS' NON-CANON JOURNEY AS MUCH AS I HAVE. IF YOU LIKED THIS, PLEASE CHECK OUT MY OTHER STUFF. I PROMISE MOST OF IT IS PRETTY GOOD. OKAY SORRY STORY BELOW.


The Teen Titans touched down at Jump City airport after the longest flight of their lives. Airport security and baggage claiming was quick and painless. They had bought a casket for Terra on the island. Fighters dying was normal but unfortunate on Papaya Island. They left the airport to find the T-ruck waiting for them under the streetlights. "And the autopilot works," Cyborg said with a sigh. "Out of all the time I try to activate you, you do it after I can fly. Thanks."

"Let us get in the car," Starfire said sullenly.

"Yeah, right," Cyborg said softly, getting into the driver's seat. Robin took shotgun. Beast Boy slid the casket into the trunk and closed it. He stepped into the back seat, sitting next to Raven.

Starfire took the window seat and Beast Boy morphed into a rat terrier puppy to make room for her. Raven and Starfire both looked out their windows and into the starry night sky as Cyborg started driving the car manually. The airport grew smaller and smaller until it was nothing but a dot in the great city. The Titans drove in silence, the nostalgia of good times and memories with their fallen friend taking their attention away from almost everything. "Cyborg!" Robin exclaimed. He jerked the wheel to the right, taking a distracted Cyborg away from crashing headfirst into a public bus.

"Oh, sorry," Cyborg said, keeping his eyes on the road all the way home. The car hit the dirt of their island and Cyborg parked the car. The Titans filed out of the car and Beast Boy morphed into a gorilla to carry Terra to the back of the tower. He morphed into a large dog and started digging, getting roughly five feet down before his claws broke. He turned back into a human and ignored his bleeding fingers and broken nails, shoving his hands into his pockets. The other four Titans slid the casket into the grave and stood around it. A million words ran through their minds, yet they said nothing. A cool wind blew past the Titans, pushing a little bit of dirt onto the casket.

"She was a Titan," Beast Boy said gravely. "No matter what happened, I won't believe she ever knew what she was doing. The Ma-Djinn were behind it, Slade was behind it, and now they are both gone."

The other Titans nodded.

Beast Boy pulled out two small wooden planks from one pocket and a hammer and nail from the other. The other Titans covered up the casket and Beast kneeled, sticking a plank in the ground while nailing the other plank to it, forming a capital "T" as a headstone. Beast Boy took the sharper end of the hammer and etched her name in the wood. Beast Boy stepped back. "I'm going inside," Beast Boy said, throwing the hammer to the ground. He led the Titans inside their Tower that hadn't been touched in six months. Beast Boy by instinct checked the fridge. His stomach soured at the spoiled food that had been culturing mold. He scowled and dragged his suitcases behind him into his dark room. The bed still wasn't made, the laundry still wasn't put away, the punching bag still was just leaned up against the wall, and the blinds were open- just how he left it. He dropped his bags and changed into a tee shirt and shorts with the "Cali Surf" logo on it. He morphed into a bear cub and walked out of his room into the dark hallway. He turned and looked up, seeing Raven painfully watch him in silence without her hood covering her emotions. Beast Boy let out a whimper and walked into Terra's room. He tried hopping onto the bed but didn't jump high enough, catching onto the edge with his paw. He fell and tried again, barely making it. He pawed around and curled into a ball, closing his eyes and going to sleep.

Raven closed Terra's door and vanished into her room, receding into the shadows like she would before meeting the Z-Fighters. Cyborg stumbled into his room and shut his door. Robin entered his room, wide-eyed and mumbling to himself. The Tamaranean knew Robin would kill himself before giving up on a friend; no way mere death was going to stop him. He slammed the door shut and then silence. Starfire entered her room and tossed her bags onto her bed. She changed into a white tee shirt and long pajama pants before exiting the room, floating into Gohan's neat, perfect room. Everything was perfect, she thought as she opened up the covers to his bed. Gohan was always perfect, she thought, once again beginning to quietly sob.

It had rained all that week, and it hadn't stopped as the original Teen Titans awoke from their restless sleeps. They changed into their hero costumes and stepped out of their rooms, looking more exhausted than ever into a light grey sky over the bustling city. Due to the distance from the mainland, it was silent in the tower. Robin looked especially tired, jittering in his seat with a cup of coffee and several pens and pencils tucked over his ears. They sat at the breakfast table with bowls of dry cereal and Starfire and Beast Boy sat next to an empty seat across from each other. Beast Boy managed a small grin. "So, uh, remember when Raven was turned into a rabbit?"

Cyborg couldn't help but chuckle. "Yeah; boy, wasn't that a hare-y situation!"

"Nice one!" Beast Boy exclaimed, leaning across the table to give each other a fist bump.

Raven's eyes turned black and the cereal bowls were splashed in the boys' faces. She stood up from the table and floated back to her room, using only flying like she would before she had met Gohan.

Beast Boy's patience with her intolerance hit its limit. "Hey!" he shouted, brushing off some Cinnamon Toast Crunch. "I'm upset too, alright? I was just trying to liven up the mood! You don't have to be such a jerk!"

Robin continued mumbling and rushed toward his room. "I'll see you later," he said, slamming the door shut. Raven did the same.

"Raven, answer me!" Beast Boy barked, standing up. Cyborg put his hand on his best friend's shoulder.

"Let it go, Beast Boy," Cyborg said.

"If she wants to tell me what my problem is, she can say it to my face!" Beast Boy shouted. "Raven!"

"Garfield!" Starfire snapped. "Escalating the problem will not help you at all!"

Beast Boy let out a cry of rage and punched the table in half. He morphed into a chimpanzee and raced toward his room, letting out some feral screeches before nearly ripping the door off the handles as he closed it.

Cyborg and Starfire stared at each other for a second then at Beast Boy's door. "Well, I guess I'll have to go to IKEA before the grocery store; hopefully we won't be picked up before I get back," Cyborg said. "You want anything, Star?"

"No, I don't," she said, standing up and heading to her room.

Cyborg took care of the errands, getting almost through the grocery store before his communicator beeped. Cyborg took it out in the checkout line, receiving more strange looks than he was already. He looked at it, seeing Robin's clean, serious face.

"It's time," Robin said.

"I'm on my way," Cyborg said. turning it off. He cut everyone in line and gave his basket to one of the workers. "Hold this, please." He activated his rocket boots and burst out of the store, heading into the sky. Roughly two hours passed and he found himself flying past several Canadian mountain ranges. Nestled within several was a strange arena-like structure with four tall, spiky pillars, one on each corner of what looked dangerously close to the Budokai Tenkaichi stage. What was around it alarmed him even more: three tanks and a helicopter, all twisted and gnarled, lay discarded near a plateau close by, the ground was riddled with holes and scorch marks; this was the site of a warrior's death.

He landed next to a headstone labeled "Son Goku" at the foot of the stage. The Z-Fighters, the Titans, Trunks, Blackfire, the Supreme Kai, Batgirl, Superboy, and Wonder Girl were there in black suits and ties. A short, chubby man with long, wild black hair and a katana stood among the Z-Fighters with a bag of chips. Standing next to Vegeta was a short, slim woman with long, blue hair and blue eyes and a little boy around Goten's age who looked dangerously close to Trunks. He was crying with his mom, and occasionally he would mention the name of Gohan's little brother. Piccolo was the only one missing from the affair, and it seemed very much out of place. "What is this place?" Cyborg asked.

"This is the Cell Games Arena," Vegeta said. He held a blank headstone and stuck it in the ground three feet away from his father's. Two other headstones with "Son Chichi" and "Son Goten" were next to Son Goku's. "The Earthlings and the Namekian decided to use this site as their burial ground and memorial." He seemed especially hard in the face. No pride, no arrogance, just sincerity.

The group of heroes stood around the grave of their friend. "I think someone should say something," the bluish gray cat floating next to Yamcha mumbled.

"Well, I've never been good with words," the short pig with a yellow tee shirt and denim shorts said.

"Say something, Krillin," the curvy, athletic woman with shoulder-length blonde hair, blue eyes, and pale skin whispered. She held a baby girl with her mother's features, and a nose, in her arms.

Krillin opened his mouth to speak.

"I think we all know Gohan was the most deserving to die valiantly," Tien said, breaking the silence. "Despite his age, he is one of our most ventured, honorable warriors; he was taken from his family at the age of four and put him through the trials of survival, life, and death. He didn't volunteer to fight the Saiyans, but he fought with every bit of his soul. He continued his bravery through the fight to bring me back to life, and fought the most horrific space tyrant until there were no bones left unbroken in the little Saiyan's whole body; he continued training, pushing his limits harder and harder until he saved the world by himself. A week ago, he proved to us that what happened right here wasn't just a fluke." He dipped his head and tightened his fists. "This is not goodbye. We will all see him again as we pass on in age, but for now, we must face the future. We must bid a short farewell to a member of our family, and our friend."

Robin's gears started turning on the words of "age" and "time."

Vegeta followed Tien's speech with a warrior's sendoff in the Saiyan language. Superboy wasted no time in "comforting" Starfire. "I'm so sorry for your friend," he said. "If I had gotten to know him, we might have been friends."

"Yes," she sniffled, hugging him. "You two would have been the sparring buddies."

"Well," Superboy said, "I wouldn't call him a 'sparring buddy' but-"

"You could have learned so much," she said.

"Sure, Star," he said. "Well, if you ever need to talk, I'm here for you."

"Thank you," she sniffled again.

The heroes stood there in silence for a few minutes then started to disperse. Tien's words rattled around in the Boy Wonder's head for a few minutes, and then it dawned on him. Robin's eyes widened. He turned to Trunks. "When are you leaving?" Robin asked, giving him a wild genius stare.

"In about a week," Trunks said, having an idea of what Robin was going to say next.

"I'd like to have a talk with you and Blackfire soon," Robin said. "I think we're going to be seeing each other a lot." He brushed past him. "And don't tell the Kai."

"
I'm going to be in so much trouble,"
Trunks thought, but nodding in agreement.

As the Titans started to walk out of the arena grounds toward the T-ship, Raven winced in pain. She pulled back her sleeve and looked down on her arm and saw an alarming sight: an S-shaped mark with an unconnected slash running diagonally through the two curves burned red like a brand. "Are you alright, Raven?" Beast Boy asked, sitting in a pod of the ship and extending an arm for her to grab.

Raven covered up the symbol and floated into a seat. "I'm fine."

The heroes left the war zone and funeral. The Son family was whole once again, and alone. The Namekian sat on a plateau a quarter mile away in full Daimao garb to watch the ceremony from afar, and he had read Robin's mind to make sure he wasn't possessed.

Robin was perfectly normal, just a bit crazy, and it would take several years.

But with Piccolo's feeling that their encounter with the Master was just the beginning, they would need all the help they could get.

And it wouldn't just be Gohan.


AND THERE YOU HAVE IT! WHAT DID YALL THINK OF THE ENDING? WHAT IS ROBIN'S PLAN? WHO DOES PICCOLO HAVE IN MIND FOR ROBIN'S PLAN? WILL SUPERBOY USE GOHAN'S DEATH AS A WAY TO GET CLOSER TO STARFIRE? WILL THE TITANS STAY TOGETHER THROUGH COLLEGE? WILL THEY BE THE SAME WHEN WE MEET THEM AGAIN? FIND OUT IN THE NEXT BOOK: LIVING THE PAST! THANK YOU, TAKE CARE, AND GOODBYE!


>