

Welcome everyone!

We Aren't Meant To Live A Lonely



Life

is now completed and with it's epilogue up as well. So please check it out in your spare time. I will also start to work on

Utopia

again soon, so stay tuned!

This is a new story that I have been working on for a year or so now, and I wanted to start uploading it.

Plot: It's been 2 years since the BEGA catastrophe and the BBA is back up and running. But who is this new team? And how are they connected to this other new dangerous team?

Disclaimer: I do not own Beyblade, nor it's characters, only my plot line and my OC's.



Chapter 1


A bright white light enveloped the stadium as a mountain lion roared in triumph. When the light faded, the mistress of the lion was declared the winner.

The young women didn't even blink as she had her blade return to her hand and she walked down the steps, towards her team.


Back at the Granger Dojo, Tyson Granger was gaping at the TV in awe. The world champ's dark navy blue hair was everywhere as his crimson eyes were disbelieving.

"Wow, that was fast." Kenny Saien said, wide eyed. The Chief's chocolate brown orbs held admiration and curiosity as he ran a hand through his shaggy dark brown hair.

"You're telling me! I didn't even see her blade move!" Daichi Sumeragi shouted, his bright green eyes wide with shock. His dark red hair, as usual, was wild and crazy.

Ray Kon just hummed to himself in interest. His golden eyes were narrowed slightly as the replay of the match began, his jet black hair still perfect. "Fast indeed." He finally murmured to himself as even the half-speed replay didn't catch sight of her blade until it was too late.

"That was amazing..." Max Tate said softly, speaking his thoughts out loud, without realizing it. His ocean blue gaze didn't leave the TV as it showed the winning team walking away, down the tunnel. He ruffled his bright blond hair in habit.

Kai Hiwatari narrowed his amethyst eyes in suspicion, his dark grey hair perfectly messy as per usual. Kai had never seen a blade move that fast, even when Ray had Driger use his Thunder Slash, in which Driger moved like lightning towards his opponent.

"And so, The Spinning Angels win the European Championships!" DJ Jazzman announced on the TV. "With team captain Rosemarie Rousseau's quick and decisive victory, the team of all girls is officially on their way to the first World Championships since the BBA was re-established." DJ cheered. "The Spinning Angels will join the other championship teams in Moscow, Russia in 2 days time. Waiting for the first all girls team in history, are The Blitzkrieg Boys from Russia; The PBB All Starz from America; White Tiger X from China; Team Psykick from Japan; F-Dynasty from Spain; the BEGA bladers, now going by the name Justice 5, from Russia; The World Champs, BBA Revolution from Japan; The Saint Shields from Japan and another new team, The Dark Oblivions from South America." DJ listed.

Kai narrowed his eyes at the mention of the other new team name. South America hadn't ever produced a team that the BBA thought could go on to the World Championships. It was unheard of and Kai was starting to get suspicious.

Hilary Tatibane cocked her head to the side, curious. Her long curled brown hair fell off her shoulder as her ruby eyes screwed up in confusion. The look didn't escape Ray or Kai, but it was Kenny that spoke up.

"What's up Hil?" The team engineer asked. "Something caught your eye?" The G-Revolutions turned to their only female member in question.

"Kind of." Hilary said, turning her gaze from the TV to her friends, and teammates. "What did DJ Jazzman mean when he said that The Spinning Angels are the first all girl beyblading team in history?"

Tyson snorted and Hilary glared at him, making him squeak and cower away, afraid of the pain that usually came after that glare of hers.

Max sighed at his best friend's antics. "Well Hil, it's not too surprising they are the first all girl team. Beyblading just seems to attract more guys then girls." He said calmly, picking his words carefully as he knew Hilary would punch him if he said the wrong thing. "I mean, you know Mariah, Emily, Mariam, Ming-Ming, Julia, Mathilda and Salima. They are all real tough girls. Beyblading is their entire life, they are not your normal everyday average girl."

"What Max is trying to say oh so delicately is that girls suck at beyblading so its unusual to see an entire team of them, especially at the World Championships." Daichi said without thinking.

Ray grimaced as Hilary turned on the youngest of the group and eyed him. "What did you just say?" She asked warningly, giving the monkey boy one last chance to take back his insensitive comment.

"Girls suck at blading." Daichi said again, not quite understanding what was wrong with his comment. Kenny face-palmed himself as Tyson smirked, grateful that he wasn't on the other end of Hilary's rage...this time.

Hilary screamed and took off after Daichi, who had taken off as soon as her glare turned darker.

Max sighed as Ray chuckled and Kai just glared at the TV as it showed The Spinning Angels one last time before going to commercials. Something was fishy with both The Spinning Angels and The Dark Oblivions and Kai was going to get to the bottom if it.


Tala Valkov narrowed his icy blue eyes on the TV as The Spinning Angels were named European Champs. He ran a hand through his bright red hair. "What the hell..." He growled to himself.

"That lasted like not even a second! Who the hell is that chick!" Spencer Petrov barked, his dark brown eyes ablaze. He was almost pulling out his blond hair in his frustration.

Bryan Kuznetsov was just staring at the TV with wide lavender eyes as the replay of the match rolled on. His stormy grey hair was in his eyes, but he didn't even notice as DJ went through the final list of the teams that were going to the World Championships. "The Dark Oblivions?" Bryan questioned. "What the heck? What's with these new teams!?"

Spencer growled. "I don't like this. It's one thing for a new team to pop up in the World Championship, new teams are formed all the time, but another for 2 new teams to show up! Let alone one that's all girls!"

Tala glared as they showed the Angels leaving through the tunnel for the last time. "Something is up."


Rosemarie Rousseau led her team back to the locker room as they heard the roar of the crowd slowly fade away.

"Hells yea!" Aure Moreau cheered as the team stepped into the locker room, Rose turning around to close the door behind them. "We finally won!" Aure smiled. "We're the Champs!" Aure's blond locks were bouncing around her shoulders as she was jumping up and down, her bright blue/green eyes shinning with excitement.

Noel Bouvier smirked at her teammate, her ice blue eyes alight with excitement, but her body language not showing it. Now that she was done blading, Noel pulled her dark brown hair out of its messy bun, her now wavy hair falling just past her shoulders.

"Alright A." Chanel Landry laughed at Aure. "Calm down missy." Chanel's hazel eyes held amusement at her friend, but also excitement at finally being the best in Europe. Her light brown hair was pin straight as she pulled it out of it's ponytail.

"Well I for one agree with Aure." Clair Petit smiled. "After years of training we have finally made it. We are the European Champs, and we are on our way to the World Championships!" She smiled, her ocean blue eyes shinning with excitement as she moved her wavy red hair out of her face.

"Alright you two." Belle Laurent said calmly. Her light grassy green orbs looking at the room steadily, and calmly. "I know you're excited, but we need to keep our heads on straight. Like you said Clair, we are on our way to the World Championships. We need to keep calm and focus." She said smartly, while her auburn hair glinted with the lights on the ceiling.

"Bells right ladies." Rose finally talked. The team captain's emerald green eyes looked at each one of her friends and teammates. "I'm proud of all of you for making it this far, but we need to stay focus. There are a lot of tough teams that we are going to have to face in the coming weeks. We need to be prepared." Rose said wisely.

The team's mood changed from carefree to serious as soon as their team captain opened her mouth. They knew it would be a hard road ahead of them, but they were prepared to do whatever it took to win and finally be on top.

Rose nodded as she saw her team was ready. She tossed her slightly curled dirty blond hair over her shoulder as her phone rang. She looked down and saw that she had gotten an email. She smirked. "Well ladies, Mr D just emailed me our boarding passes for Moscow, looks like we are leaving tomorrow morning. Lets head back home and get some rest, uh?"


The next morning, Rose woke up with the sun at 5:45 and got ready for the day. Living alone in her one bedroom apartment in the middle of Paris never bothered the young french women. She was a loner by nature and liked it that way. She unplugged her cell in the small kitchen and quickly sent a text to her team, reminding them to get up and that they had to be at the airport at 7 so that they could get through security for their 9 o' clock departure. Then her phone buzzed as she got a text back.

"
Sounds good, I'll make sure Aure and Clair wake up. -Belle
" Rose snorted. Aure and Clair were horrible in the morning. Thankfully Belle lived in the same building as them. She shot her vice-captain a quick thank you and put her cell in her jean's back pocket.

When Rose got out of the taxi, having arrived at the airport, she was almost tackled to the ground. Thankfully, she was expecting this and caught herself.

"Hey Rosie." A voice in her ear smirked. Rose sighed, knowing which one it was.

"Hey Enri." She said calmly to the Italian. Enrique Giancario smiled as he stepped away from her, his baby blue eyes shinning with amusement as he ran a hand through his dirty blond hair.

"Aww...Rosie, so nice to see that you are still your usual no-fun self." Enrique pouted.

Rose rolled her eyes, giving him a shove.

"Hey Rose." Johnny McGregor smiled, coming up behind his teammate and friend. Rose nodded to the Scotsman. Johnny had dark red hair and dark purple eyes.

"Hey Johnny." Rose replied. She was about to ask where the other two members of the Majestics were until she sensed two people behind her.

"Hey Rosie." Oliver Boulanger smiled. Rose turned around to see her cousin smiling at her with his bright grey eyes and dark green hair, as his team captain and friend stood at his side.

"Rosemarie." Robert Jurgen nodded. Robert had dark purple hair and dark red eyes.

Rose gave her cousin a ghost of a smile and nodded back at the German.

"Oli, Robert. What are you guys doing here?" Rose asked as she pulled her duffel bag over her shoulder.

"To see you off Cuz." Oliver smiled, wrapping an arm around her shoulder. Had it been anyone else, Rose would have knocked them dead, but he was her only family left.

Rose smirked. "Aw, thats so nice Oli, Robert."

"Hey!" Johnny shouted as Oliver, Robert and Rose started inside. He grabbed Enrique by the collar and dragged him inside as well. "What's the big idea, leaving us out of the loop?"

Rose shrugged as she handed her bag to the desk person and they started to walk through security. "Cause obviously you and Enri have other motives for being here."

Enrique gasped, as if hurt by her statement. "I am shocked Rosie. Obviously I wanted to be here to see you off."

"Yea!" Johnny shouted. "We wanted to tell you that you better win this for us, since we are too busy to go."

Rose rolled her eyes. "Sure guys. You're not just here to see Noel and Chanel."

Enrique and Johnny's eyes went wide at this accusation. "NO!"

"Oh, well then I glad you're here. Oh there's Noel and Chanel now!" Rose smirked, pointing to the right.

"WHERE?!" The two bladers shouted. But as they looked, no one was there. Oliver laughed as Robert sighed and shook his head in shame. Rose's smirk grew bigger, but then she locked it away.

"Not cool Rosie!" Enrique tsked as he wrapped an arm around her shoulders. Rose rolled her eyes, shrugged off his arm, and stared at his baby blue eyes.

"Sorry Enri, but I couldn't resist."

"Rose!"

"Rosie!"

In a split second, Aure and Clair were upon them, all excited and ready to go.

"Hey guys." Chanel nodded, coming up behind her more vocal teammates. Noel and Belle just nodded as they came up as well.

"Morning Ladies." Oliver smiled as Robert nodded. But Enrique and Johnny's eyes honed in on Chanel and Noel respectively and went immediately to their sides as Rose rolled her eyes once more and started off to their gate, Belle and Oliver at her side.

Noel totally ignored Johnny's advances while Chanel was trying to be as polite as possible. Aure and Clair were giggling to each other as Johnny and Enrique were having absolutely no luck.

They finally made it to the gate and the Angels had to say farewell to the boys.

Noel said nothing and only nodded at Oliver and Robert before boarding, Chanel quickly following her, wanting to get away from Enrique. But she at least said goodbye and good luck to Oliver and Robert before disappearing down the tunnel.

"Bye Enri!" Aure laughed as she and Clair giggled, walking over to the attendant, handing her their boarding passes.

"Yea, maybe you'll have some luck with the Italian girls." Clair laughed.

"Or not." Aure spurted out, trying to contain her laughter. "Bye Johnny, Oli, Robert. Have fun and we'll see you when we get back."

"With the World Championship trophy in hand." Clair smirked as the two young french women disappeared.

Johnny groaned. "Why do they have to keep rubbing that fact in our faces? It's not our fault that we were too busy to qualify for the World Championships."

"Yea and they are so mean." Enrique sighed.

Belle rolled her eyes as she nodded to Oliver and Robert. "Good luck you two." She said to the captain and Rose's cousin. "You'll need it. As per usual."

"Oi!" Enrique and Johnny shouted. "That's mean!"

Belle smirked and spared her own captain a glance. Rose nodded as her vice-captain disappeared down the tunnel.

"Good luck on the business deal Robert." She said. Robert nodded.

"Thank you Rosemarie. Good luck at the Championships. A word of advice?" He asked. Rose nodded, signaling that he could continue. "You do not know these bladers like we do. Tyson and Daichi may be full of it, but they are indeed powerful. Never let your guard down. Max is sweet and innocent, but he has a defense that only a select few can even hope to penetrate. Ray is calm and considerate, but when the situation calls for it, he is just as ruthless as Kai, who I don't even need to warn you about." Rose nodded in agreement. "The same caution is extended to all the bladers that you will face. I don't need to tell you how tough girls can be." Rose smirked at that. "Mariah, Salima and Mariam who act like they're girly-girls? They aren't. Julia is just as tough as Tala and the rest of the Blitzkrieg Boys. Emily, for all her talk of data, is always one step ahead of you. And even Ming-Ming, who really is a girly-girl; she has power." Rose nodded, taking all of it in. "The real powerhouses that will keep coming after you are Gary, Goki, Dunga, Crusher, Spencer and Rick. The speed bladers are Eddie, Kevin, Bryan, Mystel and Joseph. The more strategic bladers are Jim, Emily, Ian, Raul and most definitely Kenny. He knows more about beyblades then you could ever hope to learn. He is the one who designed the Heavy Metal System that all the top teams use now." Rose unconsciously reached back to touch her own HMS blade which was in a case on her belt above her right back pocket. "He doesn't have too much power, but he knows beyblades weaknesses having designed them. Give him enough time, let him see your moves and you can bet on Daichi or Tyson beating you the next time you go up against them." Robert warned. "The top bladers there besides the original BladeBreakers are Tala, Garland, Brooklyn and Ozuma. But don't forget Michael, Lee, and Kane. Each one has beaten one of the BladeBreakers at one time or another for a reason." Rose nodded.

"Oh and have fun too!" Oliver pipped up, almost making his cousin snort with amusement...almost. Rose just gave Oliver a smirk and nodded.

"Of course Oli. Wouldn't even dream of not having fun."

Oliver smiled and gave his cousin a quick hug as Rose nodded to Robert. "Thank you Robert and good luck with Enri and Johnny, huh?" She smirked.

"Nooooooo, not you too Rosie!" Enrique whined. Johnny just huffed as Rose waved and disappeared down the tunnel.

"Au Revoir' Messieurs"


Like? Rosemarie is my main OC in this fic, so get used to her. She's different from both Megan and Katerina, as you can see. Megan is bold, rash and confident, also outspoken. Katerina is quiet and reserved, but also becomes a powerful character in the end. But Rosemarie is darker and more calculating. She doesn't talk much and only when it's important does she really speak.

I hope you guys like it! Please read and review!

>