

I hope you all liked the ride!

Please Read and Review!




Epilogue:



Within a month, both Voltaire and Zagart had been caught by authorities and the Alley girls and Abbey boys had been placed in new homes. It had been very difficult to find homes for the brainwashed children, but with the help of the Blitzkrieg Boys and the Spinning Angels, they had a smoother transition then most could hope for.

Those affected by the Dark Oblivions dark powers were slowly returning to themselves with time.

The Dark Oblivions themselves had a change of heart after being forcibly removed from their dark partners. It turned out that Boris had used the dark bit-beasts to control the girls and amplify their feelings of hate and loyalty to his advantage. Anna and her teammates had a rough time transitioning into civilian life, but manage to live normal lives away from blading.

Charged with kidnapping, child abuse and torture, and more, Boris, Voltaire and Zagart, were sentenced to death in court. They were officially gone from everyone's lives and everyone, especially Chanel, had a huge weight off their shoulders and were able to no longer worry about looking over their shoulders.

Seven years had passed since then. Seven long years in which the teams had retired and took up teaching instead, allowing the next generation to take their place in history.

But life hadn't been dull since then. Many had started families, adjusting well to settling down and teaching the young ones of their country. Not that they didn't travel at all anymore. The group of bladers were still a tight bunch and living in Western Europe, South East Asia, Russia and America, they had to travel to see each other. They had always agreed to meet during the summer holidays once a year to catch up with each other; and those who lived closer to others saw each other more.

This was one such occasion that the Angels had agreed that they needed to meet up with each other. That constant need of reassurance that all were safe and well, never fading from the girl's minds. Old habits die hard as they say. After all, living in Beijing, Moscow, Paris, New York City, Tokyo, and Novosibirsk, it was hard to see each other all the time.

"CLAIR-BEAR!" Aure screamed, heading for her best friend like a speeding bullet, leaving everything behind her as she grabbed the red head and spun her in the air. Her limp wasn't so bad that she couldn't still run quickly for short distances.

"Aure!" Clair laughed as she wrapped her arms around the blond. "Guess what?"

"What?" Aure asked as she set her down.

"I'm pregnant!" Clair squealed.

"Ahhhhh!" The two young women shouted, jumping up and down.

"Mommy's loud!" A three year old boy with blond hair laughed, jumping up and down too, his blue eyes laughing.

Max laughed as he picked up the child and tickled him. "Mommy's excited about your future baby brother or sister, remember?"

"Yea!" The boy giggled, clapping. "Me big brother!"

Clair smiled, kissing the boy's cheek. "Yes, my little Tyler, you're going to be a big brother by July!"

Tyler laughed. "Yay!"

Aure laughed as Tyson ran over, a small two year old girl on his shoulders. "Miyuki, you remember Tyler?" She asked the blond little girl.

"Ty Ty?" Miyuki tipped her head, her crimson eyes curious.

Tyson laughed. "Her way of differentiating my nickname with him." He nodded. "Good job Yuki. That's TyTy." Miyuki giggled, hitting Tyson's head in her excitement. "Oi, ow Yuki!" He laughed, pulling her over his head and set her on the ground as Max did the same. Tyler and Miyuki waved at each other then started babbling about the beyblade clutched in Tyler's hand in their own language.

"Clair! Aure! Ty! Maxie!"

The four adults spun around to see Chanel smiling as she jogged over, a two year old in her arms with light brown hair and golden eyes, Ray lightly following her at a walk.

"Nelly!" Clair and Aure squealed, meeting her in the middle, hugging her around the child.

"Leon, remember Auntie Clair and Auntie Aure?" Chanel smiled down at the boy.

"Auni A!" Leon screamed, clapping his hands. "Auni Car!" He giggled, squirming in her arms as Ray walked over.

"He's getting better at pronouncing at least." Ray laughed as he wrapped an arm around Chanel's waist, her melting into his side. She had long gotten over her intimacy issues especially since Boris died.

"Pway!" Leon demanded, stretching his hands out to where Miyuki and Tyler were running around Tyson and Max now, playing tag.

"Ok, ok, go play." Chanel laughed, setting him down as Ray followed his running toddler to his best friends.

"Oh my god Nelly, guess what Clair-Bear just told me!" Aure squealed bursting at the seams.

"What?" Chanel smiled, looking at Clair expectantly.

"I'm pregnant!" Clair beamed and the three of them screamed again.

"I think I'm going to go deaf, tone it down girls." A sarcastic voice greeted them. The trio turned to the side and shouted, running full speed to the newest arrival.

"El! El! Clair's pregnant!" They shouted, grabbing the blue eyed brunette and hugging her while jumping up and down.

"Serious?!" Noel laughed. "Congrats Clair!"

"Thank you!" Clair smiled, feeling like she was on cloud-nine.

"Daddy! Pways! Pways!" A child's voice cut the four of them off.

It was still a sight to see Spencer with a child on his shoulders, especially the sweet and angel-like blue-eyed blond, Gabrielle.

Noel smiled as she reached up and picked her two year old daughter off her father's massive shoulders. "Go play Gabby, just stay close."

"Cwose, cwose, Mommas!" Gabrielle laughed, running full speed to the other kids.

"Congrats on the pregnancy Clair." Spencer smiled as he wrapped his arms around Noel shoulders from behind. "I just hope Maxie is ready for another 9 months of torture." He teased.

Clair rolled her eyes and smacked his arm playfully. "Oh hush. I'm not that bad, Aure's the worst."

"Hey!" Aure squeaked, crossing her arms. "I am not."

"For Tyson, who will eat anything. I repeat ANYTHING. For him to cringe and turn away from food is unheard of. Until you had your strange and twisted pregnant cravings." Chanel giggled.

"Not to mention mood swings….." Clair trailed off, raising an eyebrow.

"Oh you want to talk about mood swings?" Spencer raised an eyebrow, taking one arm away from Noel's shoulder and pointing at her.

"Watch it!" Noel snapped, but Spencer ignored it.

"Point and Case." Spencer grinned, placing the arm back around her and kissing her cheek sweetly. "I love you honey, I do. You were just be a bit psychotic with the mood swings. But I love you for them. Promise. Scout's honor." He grinned and Noel rolled her eyes.

"What's this about scout's honor? You were no damn scout Spence." A voice scoffed.

"Zip it Tala." Spencer chuckled, knowing that voice anywhere.

"Bells!" The girls smiled as the auburn haired women walked towards them, a three year old boy holding her hand as he walked next to her, Tala's arm wrapped around her waist.

"Auntie El, Nelly, A, Clair!" The red-haired boy beamed. "Uncle Spence!" The boy ran out of Belle's hand and to Noel first, knowing her the most out of those present as she and Spencer lived in Novosibirsk while Belle and Tala lived in Moscow.

"Hey Mikhail." Noel smiled and she scooped up the green-eyed boy. "You've been good for Mommy and Daddy?"

"Yes." Mikhail nodded. "I start preschool soon!"

"Awesome Mikhail." Chanel smiled.

"Mommy, can I play please?" He asked looking over his shoulder as Belle and Tala joined the group.

"Thank you for asking Mikey." Belle smiled. "Of course you can."

"Oh, Mikey." Tala grinned, crouching down at his son's level as Noel set him down. "Go get Uncle Tyson, ok?"

Mikhail giggled. "Yes Daddy!" He shouted over his shoulder as he ran across the floor, jumping onto Tyson's back as he kneeled down, showing Tyler and Leon something on the beyblade. Tyson groaned, almost face-planting with the unexpected force of a child leaping on his back.

"Oh you're so mean." Aure giggled, high-fiving Tala.

"Thank you, thank you." Tala bowed. Then he turned to Belle an excited look in his eyes.

"Oh my god Belle, guess what?" Aure interrupted Tala and Belle's line of thought.

"Yes Aure?" Belle asked patiently.

"Clair's pregnant again!" Chanel and Aure shouted.

Belle's eyes widen as Clair beamed. "No way, you too?"

Chanel and Aure shut up real fast after they heard those words.

"What do you mean her too?!" The girls shouted.

Belle smiled as Tala kissed her temple. "I'm two months along."

"AHHHHH!" The girls screamed, all hugging each other as Tala and Spencer smartly moved back.

Spencer laughed, slinging an arm around his former captain. "So are you and Maxie ready for another 9 long months?"

Tala chuckled. "Belle's pregnancies are nothing. She's so level-headed, it's a breeze, unlike what you and Tyson went through, even what Maxie told me." He laughed. "It's the first couple months after the kid's born. But that might just be Mikey. Belle says he takes after me a bit too much in her opinion."

"That's for sure." Belle smiled as she glided up against Tala's side, his arm automatically coming around her, holding her close.

"So where are our hosts?" Tala asked, looking around the airport. "Does Kai expect us to fend for ourselves?"

"Shut up Tala. Stop being a baby."

Tala laughed as he looked over Belle's head to see Kai and Rose walking over to them. He peered around his wife more to see a three year old girl holding onto both Kai and Rose's hands, walking in between her parents. "There you three are."

"Can I see Auntie Belle and Uncle Tala?" The dirty blond haired girl asked her parents, looking between them.

"Go ahead Kat." Rose smiled.

Katerina laughed, running towards her closest Aunt and Uncle, her amethyst eyes big and bright.

"Little Kitty." Tala smiled as Belle scooped her up and held her close. "You've gotten so big!"

"It's only been 6 months?" She questioned, looking at her mother and father for confirmation as they joined the group.

Kai nodded. "Good job Kat. Yes. 6 months."

"See!" Katerina smiled, poking Tala's cheek. "Not that long."

Tala laughed. "Very true little kitten."

"Silly Uncle Tala." Katerina giggled, burying her face in Belle's neck as the women laughed.

"You tell him Kat. Silly Uncle Tala."

"Silly!" Katerina laughter echoed.

"Kat!" Mikhail smiled as he ran over, his mother simultaneously crouching down to set his best friend down. "We're jumping on Uncle Tyson!"

"Yay!" Katerina laughed, allowing Mikhail to pull her across the room.

"My poor poor husband." Aure fake sighed, but started laughing right away.

"Eh, he's fine." Kai waved it off as all six kids started wrestling with the former world champ. "He can handle 6 kids."

"I wonder if he can handle 2 more toddlers in a few years." Belle smirked, waiting for that to sink in.

"What?" Rose snapped to attention, pulling her emerald orbs from her daughter to her best friend. "Are you?"

Belle nodded and Rose suddenly launched herself at the women. "Oh my god, congrats! Wait, twins? Or…."

"No twins for Bells." Clair smiled. "One will be mine."

"Oh my god Clair!" Rose smiled, hugging the other red-head. "Congrats you two." She smiled at both of them.

A moaning interrupted her next thought as the group turned to see Tyson, on his back, waving a small white sheet of paper in surrender.

"Maybe we aught to save him and head to your house." Chanel laughed as she walked over.

"Yea, I am hungry." Tala nodded.

"Jeez, some days I'm not sure if you're you or Tyson." Kai smirked.

"Hey, don't confuse me with that oaf." Tala growled.

"Hey, don't call my husband an oaf, only I can call him that!" Aure giggled as they all joined Ray, Max and Tyson with the kids.

"Whatever you say Aure." Tala chuckled. "Come on squirt, we're heading to Uncle Kai and Aunt Rose's house now." He tugged Mikhail off of Tyson's stomach.

"Yay! Can we play in the big backyard?" Mikhail beamed as he held onto his father's hand as the group walked through Charles de Gaulle Airport.

"Yes, of course. Run around as much as you want." Tala laughed.

Once they got to Kai and Rose's house in the country, the kids all started running around the big back yard, playing tag and laughing.

Rose smiled as her daughter played with her best friend, carefree and happy. She never wanted that smile to disappear. She never wanted her daughter to know the pain and loneliness that Rose herself experienced as a child. To know true fear and torture and to know there was no escape. To be taken advantage of in all possible ways, to experience things no child should even know of. No, her daughter wouldn't have to even think of these things. It had been 7 years since those men died, and the pain died with them. Her family, the entire 'family', was safe now, they didn't have to worry anymore.

"Hey, you ok?"

Rose shook her head as her vision refocused to see Kai standing next to her a worried expression on his face. "Sorry, just thinking about the past.

Kai gave her a little half-smile. "Hey, no need to worry anymore ok? They're gone. We're safe. All of us."

Rose sighed, then smiled and nodded. "Yea, I know." She leaned her head into his shoulder and Kai brought his arm around her, setting his head on hers.

"Good, now come on, lets relax." Kai smiled, pulling her to a blanket on the grass, the other couples watching their kids running around.

Rose stood standing as Kai laid down, bending one knee and supporting his upper body with the opposite arm. She smiled as Katerina tackled Mikhail to the ground, making him 'it'. Then she glanced down at Kai as he smiled at her. She laid down and placed her head in his lap, sighing in contentment.

"Clair, your kid better not be making a move on my baby girl." Aure giggled as Tyler kissed Miyuki on the cheek, trying to make her feel better after she fell down.

"Oh hush Aure." Clair laughed as she leaned back into Max's chest. Max smiled as he wrapped his arms around her, kissing her neck.

"Mommy! Mommy! I got bo-bo!" Miyuki called out, running towards her mother at full speed.

"Oww, where sweetie?" Aure cooed from her position leaning up against Tyson's knees as Tyson was laying flat out on his back next to her. She took her daughter in her arms and smiled as Miyuki held up her elbow, a scrap evident on the skin there. Aure leaned in and kissed the sensitive skin. "All better?"

Miyuki giggled. "Thank you Mommy!" Aure laughed as she tickled her daughter, Tyson sitting up to help her. "No Daddy!" Miyuki screamed, laughing.

Tyson grinned. "See? Bo-bo's aren't so bad. Right?" He cradled the toddler in his arms.

"Right!" Miyuki grinned and Tyson set her back down as she ran to play again.

"Wow Ty, who knew you were such a great dad." Ray teased. Chanel laughed as she laid down on her stomach next to her husband.

Tyson rolled his eyes. "Shut up Ray, so I'm a sucker, sue me."

"I think it's cute." Belle smiled as she settled back on Tala's chest as he leaned up against a tree.

Tala smirked, running his fingers through her hair. "At least he isn't paranoid like Hilary."

"Oh my god, poor child." Noel laughed as she wrapped her arms around Spencer, his arm coming around her and holding her close.

"Mommy, Daddy!" Katerina beamed as she ran over and dived into Rose's arms.

"Hey sweetie." Rose smiled as she sat the girl on her stomach. "Are you happy everyone came over?"

Katerina nodded energetically. "Yes Mommy. Thank you." She smiled leaning down and burying her face in Rose's chest. Rose smiled and held her close as Kai placed a kiss on the little girl's head.

"You're welcome my angel." Rose whispered as Kai then placed a kiss on her forehead. Rose tipped her face up and Kai kissed her lips softly. With one arm around her daughter, Rose brought the other up to cup his cheek, holding him there for a moment. Kai pulled away an inch and smiled at her.

"See? We have our whole lives ahead of us." Kai whispered. "And Kat will always be happy and loved."

Rose smiled, looking down at her daughter again as the little blond closed her eyes. "Thank you Kai. You always know what to say." She finished, looking up at him. "What would I do without you?"

Kai smiled kissing her once again. "You'll never have to know Roza."

Rose smiled, kissing him, threading her fingers through his hair. As they broke away for air, and before she kissed him again, Rose whispered something across his lips.

"I like the sound of that."

>