


Star Wars Altered Universe



Episode II: Attack of The Clones


A Fantasy/Romance Adaptation of George Lucas'

Star Wars Universe

By

Scott Ferguson


Dedication



Many of the most satisfying accomplishments in our lives are built on the achievements of others.



Having been introduced to George Lucas' wonderful Star Wars universe at the age of 13, its story and characters have become an integral part of my life, and, as would be expected, the life of my family as well, although I can't say for certain that they've always been willing participants.



From the endless stream of collectibles, to the wall full of light sabers, to the hand-stitched Jedi uniform that hangs in the corner of my closet, those closest to me can attest to the simple fact that Star Wars, for the most part, has consumed the greater portion of my life, since I saw it in excess of forty times by the time I had received my driver's license.



The story that follows is a natural progression to the cycle, I would think, the product of an overactive imagination that has a penchant for tuning things to my own liking, my own version of the events that might have transpired, a love story that spans the Star Wars universe and lets us look at our favorite characters in a fun, new way.



This book is dedicated to my family, for whom it was written. I hope that each of you enjoy reading it just as much as I enjoyed dreaming it up and putting it down on paper for you.



Credits



Star Wars, the Star Wars universe, and original characters are all Copyright by George Lucas and Lucasfilms, Limited. All rights reserved.



Chapter 1 – Fate Revisited



Have you wondered what the Star Wars universe would have been like had Anakin Skywalker and Padmé Amidala chosen a different path – choosing love and companionship over duty and responsibility, following their hearts instead of their heads? So have I.



As ripples move away from a rock thrown into a pond, so the decisions in our lives affect the outcome of certain events. This is the way of things, the way of the Force, as Master Yoda would say…



But if the rock is thrown into a different place, or not thrown at all, then the pattern of the ripples changes, and so the outcome of the events they affect change with them…



It is this premise, this law of nature, which shapes our story. One fateful decision, made by the heart instead of the head…



After an attempt on now Senator Padmé Amidala's life, Jedi Knight Obi-Wan Kenobi and his young apprentice, Anakin Skywalker, have been sent by the Jedi Council to provide protection for the beautiful, young former queen and now senator from Naboo.



Even at their first meeting, it's obvious that there's a special bond between Anakin and Padmé.



Our story begins late in the evening. After another attempt on her life, Anakin has escorted Padmé home to Naboo in an attempt to protect her from the Trade Federation assassins. Padmé is more frightened by the assassination attempts than she lets on, and the years of political service that have made up most of her life are taking their toll on her. She is confused by her feelings for Anakin; during their time together, she's come to realize that she may be in love with him, but the thought has unnerved her. Romantic relationships are forbidden for a Jedi. If she were to become involved romantically with him, he would be expelled from the Jedi order…



Anakin has realized, the longer he's with her, that his love for her runs deeper than even he knew. He can't stand the though of being away from her, and the thought of any harm coming to her is unbearable.



They spend two very enjoyable days together, both of them finding a welcome respite from their responsibilities, but this also allows both of them to focus on their feelings more clearly. The longer they are together, the closer they become. Both of them are fighting a battle with their feelings and their sense of responsibility.



After having dinner together, they have retired to the sitting room. Both of them are visibly nervous and uncomfortable, both wrestling with their feelings for each other. Anakin finally opens his heart to Padmé, and tells her not only that he's loved her since he first saw her ten years ago, but that so deep is his love for her that he's willing to give up everything – even leave the Jedi order – for her. Padmé tries to ignore her heart and tells Anakin that they have to be reasonable, that their duty must come first, but she comes to realize that she's trying to convince herself more so than him. Anakin finally reluctantly agrees with her, but it's obvious to Padmé that he's in agony as they part and retire for the evening. It is now nearly midnight and Padmé has found it impossible to sleep.


"Padmé?"

Anakin lifted his head from his pillow and slowly opened his eyes, blinking as they adjusted themselves to the soft light coming from the lantern on the table near the corner of his room. Even as he slept, he had felt Padmé's familiar, soothing presence as she had quietly entered his room and placed it there. But something was different, had alarmed him; he sensed that she was worried, unsure, even frightened. He had been dreaming of her again, but concern for her safety had instinctively pulled him from the comfort of his dreams to check on her.

Through the soft glow of the lantern, he saw her sitting quietly on his bedside, gazing at him. She was as beautiful as always, even at this late hour. Her long, dark hair fell in soft waves around her shoulders. She brushed the hair from her forehead, revealing her dark brown eyes, the same ones that so captivated him each time he gazed into them. Her face looked different tonight, so different from the confident, determined expression that he was so used to, that he had seen only hours earlier. She looked unsure of herself now, her gaze shifting from Anakin to her lap, as she toyed nervously with the cord of her robe that hung loosely on her shoulders.

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to wake you," she said softly, almost apologetically. She knew in her heart that wasn't true; she had lain awake since the two them had parted with a quiet 'good night' earlier that evening, since that moment by the fire when he had poured his heart and feelings out to her. She smiled softly at him, hoping to convince him that she was telling him the truth. She knew deep down, though, that hiding things from Anakin wouldn't be easy. He was a Jedi padawan, after all, and an unusually strong one at that. It was his nature to know what people were thinking or feeling, a thought that unnerved her even more now as she found herself sitting next to him.

Anakin turned onto his side, lifting himself up on his elbow to face her. "No, it's okay," he sighed, and he rubbed the sleep from his eyes with his free hand. His senses were coming back to full swing; he could sense her concern even more now. He looked at her as she gazed quietly at him, and noticed the telltale tracks on her cheeks; she had been crying.

He sat up straighter, gently placing his hand on hers, as another wave of concern swept over him. "What's wrong, Padmé? Is everything alright?"

She welcomed the touch of his hand, and she instinctively took his hand in hers and squeezed it gently. His hands were so strong, so different from those of the boy she had known on Tatooine so many years before. These were the strong hands of a young man now. So strong, she thought, but so gentle at the same time; these were the hands that, just days ago on Coruscant, had wielded the light saber that had saved her life and thwarted Zam Wessel's assassination attempt. But they were so gentle now as they held hers, so caring. Everything about Anakin confused her.

She closed her eyes and took a deep breath, trying to gather her thoughts and composure. She opened her eyes and turned to look at Anakin. "Did you really mean what you said earlier?" she asked softly.

Anakin saw the lantern's light glimmer in her eyes, and he could feel her trembling. His own heart ached as he realized that she was suffering now as much as he had been earlier that evening, when she had told him that they had to be reasonable, had to think with their heads, not their hearts. She was in pain now, as much so as he was when the dreams of his mother haunted him. He raised his hand and gently stroked her cheek. "What part?" he asked, smiling softly and gazing into her deep, brown eyes. "If I remember correctly, I said quite a few things tonight."

Padmé swallowed hard and forced a small smile, reaching up and taking his hand in hers again. She dropped her gaze and gently stroked his hand. "You said that whatever I asked, you would do it, even leave the Jedi order. Did you really mean that?" She looked back into his eyes, searching for the answer to her question, the answer that she longed to hear from him again.

Anakin squeezed her hand tighter, and a serious expression spread over his countenance, replacing the boyish grin that had been there only seconds before. His eyes searched hers, hoping to convey all the feelings in his heart that he longed to share with her. His voice quivered slightly as he spoke; "As surely as I'm here with you now," he said softly.

She dropped her gaze again. "Anakin," Padmé said softly, "I was with you on Tatooine all those years ago." She squeezed his hand tighter and continued. "I remember you telling Master Qui Gon that becoming a Jedi was your greatest dream, what you had wanted all your life. You're so gifted, Anakin. Master Yoda speaks so highly of you, he says that you'll become a great Jedi one day. I know Master Obi-Wan is critical of you, but he's told me that it's only because he knows that you have such potential." Her eyes searched his. "Ani, how can I let you give up your dreams? And for me? How can I do that?"

Anakin sat up straight in his bed and pulled himself closer to her. He gently squeezed her hand and gazed deeply into her eyes as he spoke. "Padmé," he said softly, "if I could have the whole universe at my feet, if I could be the greatest Jedi that ever lived, it would bring me no happiness without you." His eyes searched hers as he opened his heart to her for the second time that evening. "I love you, Padmé. I've never loved anyone as much as I love you. I've loved you since we parted all those years ago, and not a day has gone by when I haven't thought of you. I would rather be by your side, be here with you, be here for you, for one lifetime, than to live a hundred without you."

She felt her resolve, her veneer of control and composure, beginning to falter. All of her life had been spent serving others. She had always put the needs of her people above her own interests, and had never given much thought to her own wants or desires. But those same wants and desires were clear to her now, clearer than they had ever been, no longer fleeting dreams and afterthoughts. As she gazed at Anakin, she finally realized what it was that she wanted, what it was she longed for in her own life. She was spinning out of control; her emotions, kept at bay so long by her commitment to her position and purpose in the Senate, were taking over, guiding her now. What unnerved her most, as she held tightly to Anakin's hand, was that she realized she no longer wanted to be in control. She was tired, frightened, and she longed to fill that empty spot in her heart, that spot that she had so long denied even existed. She realized that she needed him now, as desperately as he seemed to need her.

Padmé gazed into his deep blue eyes, at the same time fighting to keep her composure. She saw so much compassion in those eyes, so much unconditional love. "Anakin... I...," was all she managed to say before the torrent of emotions that had been building for so long finally defeated her, and she fell into his arms. She clung tightly to him, burying her head in his chest, as Anakin's strong arms wrapped around her and held her securely. Her words came in short, broken sentences as the tears she had been fighting back for so long finally came.

"Oh Ani, I... I love you, too... So much...," she said, just barely above a whisper. His heart leapt in his chest as he heard the words he so longed to hear as she poured her feelings out to him as he had to her only hours before. "I… I'm so sorry I couldn't tell you earlier," she continued. "I was just... Just so scared of what it would mean, to both of us. I'm so sorry... I know... I know I hurt you and I never wanted to do that. I'm so scared, Ani…"

Anakin held her tighter, trying to reassure her as she continued. "They're trying to kill me, Ani, and I… I don't even know who… who they are. They could even be here, what if they are? Please don't leave me, Ani…" Her sobs came harder now as finally, in the security of Anakin's arms, she felt the pressures of so many years slip away.


Anakin ran his fingers gently through Padmé's long, dark hair, then reached behind her and slowly pulled the blanket over her shoulders to keep her warm. She was sleeping peacefully now, and he could feel her slow, rhythmic breathing, as she lay curled next to him on the bed. She had cried herself to sleep in his arms, and he had rocked her gently and assured her that everything was going to be all right. All of his senses were attuned to her now - the soft touch of her skin, the smell of her hair, the beating of her heart – he could feel them all, and he closed his eyes and tried to lose himself in her. Through the Force he could sense that she was dreaming peacefully now, and he smiled; he wondered if she was dreaming of him as he so often did of her. He kissed her gently on the forehead, and she moaned softly and pulled closer to him.

He had assured her that everything would be all right, that he would protect her, and not only from this immediate threat. They would work this out, and they would do so together.

Everything would be all right now; he would see to that. No power in the universe would ever separate them again – that he would make sure of. Instinctively, he used the Force and lifted his light saber from his belt and pulled it to himself, catching it from the air. He rolled it thoughtfully in his hand, and then placed it within easy reach on the small table next to his bed.

Anakin closed his eyes and, reaching into the Force once more, he raised his hand and turned off the lantern across the room. He took a slow, contented breath, and he drifted off to sleep beside her.


Padmé awoke to the sounds of birds singing outside the bedroom window. As she slowly opened her eyes, she could see the bright rays of sunlight filtering through the shades, their light breaking into bright prisms near the glass where they entered.

She looked up at Anakin; he was still sleeping contentedly, and she gently laid her head back down on his chest and closed her eyes. She could hear his heart beating, and she took a deep breath and sighed contentedly.

She felt better this morning, things seemed quieter and she felt more at ease, even though both of their lives had changed dramatically last night. She knew that things would be different from now on, but to her surprise, she wasn't afraid. Anakin had assured her that things would work out, that he would protect her, that they would be together, and she believed him.

She felt Anakin's hand on her shoulder and looked up at him. He was awake. "Good morning," he yawned, quite sleepily. "Did you sleep okay?"

"Good morning," she smiled back. "Yes, I did. In fact, I slept better than I have in a long time." She raised her head and kissed him gently on the cheek, then laid her head back on his chest. "Thank you," she said softly. "Thank you for being there for me last night."

Anakin squeezed her shoulder. "I'll never be anywhere else," he replied softly.

Anakin rubbed his eyes with his free arm and yawned again. "I don't know about you," he said, "but I'm getting hungry. How about some breakfast?"

Padmé stretched her arms over her head and yawned in reply. "Sounds wonderful," she said sleepily. She looked at the timepiece on the wall. "It's late morning," she said. "I haven't slept this late since I was in school years ago."

"You had a lot on your mind last night," Anakin replied, sitting up on the side of the bed and scratching his head. "I think you needed a good night's sleep."

Padmé tucked her arms under the pillow, gazing at him fondly as he stood up and stretched. "I think it was
you
more than the good night's sleep I needed most," she sighed.

He smiled back at her, then tossed a pillow at her playfully. "Come on, sleepyhead, get up. If I don't get something to eat soon, I'm going to starve." She caught the pillow and threw it back to him, and laughed out loud when he used the Force to deflect it.

"Hey, no fair," she cried playfully, "you're cheating!"

He walked around the bed and helped her up. "Never get in a pillow fight with a Jedi," he chuckled, and they embraced and hugged each other tightly. Anakin leaned down and kissed her long and gently on the lips. "Come on," he said at last. "Let's go eat. We have a lot to talk about today."


"You were hungry this morning, weren't you?" Padmé asked, with no small hint of amusement, as she watched Anakin start on his third helping of fruit at breakfast. He looked up from his plate and saw her smiling at him, and he grinned sheepishly.

"Well, you know," he shrugged, "I didn't feel much like eating the past couple of days." He lowered his fork and smiled at her. "I think my appetite's finally returned."

"I would say it has," she said with a laugh, and took another bite of her own breakfast. She was enjoying her own breakfast more this morning, too, more than she had in some time. They were seated on the patio overlooking the water of the bay. The air was warm already this morning, and the pale yellow sundress that she wore allowed the sun to warm her shoulders. As they ate, they watched a group of school children that had gone down to play on the beach below them.

Padmé smiled as she watched them, her thoughts drifting from the events of last night to her own niece and nephew. She hoped to have a chance to see them again soon, and she wanted Anakin to get to know them, too. For so many years, she had believed that they would be the closest things that she would ever have to children of her own. She smiled at Anakin as he continued eating; so much had changed for the both of them last night. Perhaps, she thought, children would be more than just a dream for her someday, after all.

They finished their breakfast in due time, and, as the servants came to clear the table, Anakin helped her up and they walked from the patio and took the winding path to the garden area. It was a beautiful walk; the gardens were in full bloom, a literal explosion of colors. As they walked hand in hand, they could hear the birds singing as they made their way down the winding path. Padmé watched him as they walked. He looked more handsome than usual; his dark brown Jedi tunic seemed to accentuate his strong physique. His eyes were bright, and she had seen him smile more this morning than she could remember before. He looked so handsome when he smiled, she thought; she liked to see him smile.

They found a quiet, secluded bench next to a beautiful pond and sat down. Anakin put his arm around her shoulders, and she leaned close to him. "You okay?" he asked quietly.

Padmé laid her head on his shoulder. "Yes," she answered, "I'm just a little confused about what we need to do next."

"I've been thinking about that myself," Anakin said. "My biggest concern is for your safety. I think we need to find someplace secluded, someplace where I can have a little better control over who's coming and going. This place is beautiful, but there are so many people here. I think I'd prefer someplace a little less… busy." He gently squeezed her shoulder. "What do you think? Any ideas?"

"Well," Padmé answered thoughtfully, "Not many people know much about my family. I've always tried to keep my personal life hidden from public view, you know, to protect them." She looked at Anakin; he was listening intently. "I supposed we could go and stay with them. My sister and her family live with my mother and father in a small village not far from here." She smiled and squeezed his hand. "Besides," she said, "My sister's been after me for some time to come and visit. I guess this would be a good time to go, huh?"

Anakin smiled at her and nodded his head in agreement, a sheepish grin on his face. "An excellent idea, m' lady," he said.

Padmé poked him playfully in the ribs, and he laughed out loud and tried to pull away. "All right, don't start that," she chuckled. They enjoyed a laugh for a moment, and then Padmé's expression became more serious. "I'm going to relay a message to the queen this evening," she continued. "I'm going to tell her that I'm leaving the Senate. I'm sure that Jar Jar can fill the post until she selects someone new." She sighed, deeply, nodding her head as she continued. "I'm sure my family will be happy to hear that when we get there. They think I've been working too long, anyway."

"You served for two terms as queen, and you've been a senator ever since," Anakin said. "I think you've earned a break, don't you?"

"I must admit," she sighed again, "The though of a quiet, normal life is very appealing. My sister's always seemed to be so happy. And as far as I know," she said with a laugh, "she hasn't had to dodge any assassins lately."

"One of the benefits of
not
being in public service," Anakin stated matter-of-factly, chuckling beneath his breath.

"What about you, Ani?" she asked quietly, and she looked at him again. "Have you decided what you're going to do?"

Anakin nodded his head in agreement. "Yes," he said confidently. "I'm going to have Artoo relay a message to Master Obi-Wan on Coruscant as soon as we get ready to leave."

"Have you decided what you're going to tell him?"

"Yes," he said, and he took a deep breath and smiled at her. "I'm going to tell him the truth."

"Do you think he'll be upset?"

"I'm sure he'll be a little…
disappointed
," Anakin sighed, "but I think he'll understand eventually. Master Obi-Wan knows how I feel about you. I mean, he has to. His senses are stronger than mine, there's no way he couldn't know. I think he'll be more concerned about how the Council will take it than anything."

Padmé was listening intently to him now. "They don't take it very well when a Jedi leaves the order, do they?"

"Not very well at all," Anakin continued. "I think their biggest concern is that a former Jedi would use his powers and training for personal gain or for evil purposes."

"I don't think they'd have anything to worry about with you," Padmé grinned, as she squeezed his arm fondly. "I'll keep an eye on you and make sure you behave, you can tell Master Obi-Wan that for me."

Anakin smiled back at her. "Well, I'm sure that'll put his mind at ease," he laughed. "But I can't help it, I have to leave." He looked at Padmé fondly, for a long moment. "I have to do what my heart tells me is right."

She smiled, her cheeks flushing a rosy pink, and leaned closer to him. "And what is it that your heart's telling you?" she asked softly.

"What," he chuckled, "have you forgotten already?"

She shook her head. "No. I just want to hear you tell me again."

Padmé closed her eyes as his lips met hers, and they spent several moments locked in passion's embrace, lost in each other.

Their lips parted as they heard Artoo's cheerful whistling approaching. They turned and looked just in time to see him rolling up the garden path to where they were sitting.

"What's the matter, Artoo?" Anakin asked, pulling the translator from his belt. A few beeps, clicks, and whistles later and the message displayed on the small screen in his hand.

"What's he saying?" Padmé asked.

"It seems that he's found us a small ship," Anakin replied. "I gave him a little project this morning and asked him to find us one." He turned to look at the little astrodroid. "Good job, Artoo. You'll find the credits in the small case in my bedroom. Take as much as you need and go pay for it and get it ready. We'll be leaving late this afternoon, so be ready when we get there, okay?"

Artoo whistled a cheerful series of beeps and clicks and another message popped up on Anakin's translator. Anakin read the message and smiled. "Sure, Artoo," he laughed, "you can pilot the ship when we leave. Just run along and get the ship ready, okay? We'll catch up with you shortly."

Artoo nodded in agreement, then turned and rolled back down the garden path, whistling happily to himself.

"So," Padmé said, as she watched Artoo roll away. "You had Artoo hard at work already this morning and you didn't tell me about it."

Anakin turned to look at her, grinning sheepishly. "Well," he began, "I knew we'd need transportation, no matter where we were going. I figured I might as well get him started early." He placed the translator back in his belt as Padmé watched him, smiling.

She stood up from the bench. "In that case," she said, "we'd better get back to our rooms and start packing. It's going to take me a while to get my things together." She started to turn to walk back up the path.

Anakin was still sitting on the bench, and he stopped her as she tugged on his hand to get him to follow her. "Before we leave," he said, "there's something else I need to talk to you about."

Padmé turned to look at him, and he held her hand tightly as he stood up slowly to face her, the reached forward and took both of her hands in his. He was looking at her again, just as he had when she was packing to leave Coruscant. She remembered that she had asked him not to look at her that way, that it made her feel uncomfortable. Now, however, that deep gaze into her own eyes brought a different set of feelings; feelings of love, of hope, of security, of a new and different future. She returned it willingly, with the same passion that was so evident in his own.

"What is it?" she asked softly. She could feel Anakin's hands trembling as she held them.

"Padmé," Anakin asked, his voice trembling. "There's something I want to ask you, but I'm…" he paused, catching his breath, "I'm not quite sure how to do it."

"Anakin," she said quietly, "I love you." Her eyes searched his, and after a long pause, she continued. "You can ask me anything."

Anakin swallowed hard and smiled at her. His voice was barely audible, just above a whisper. "All the years that I was away from you, I had a hole in my heart," he said, looking down at their hands as he held hers firmly, but gently in his own. "And now that I've found you again, that hole is gone." He gazed quietly at her for a long moment, his eyes conveying all the emotion, all the hope, all the love that he held for her in his heart.

"I can't bear to have that hole in my heart again," he whispered, shaking his head slowly. "No matter what, no matter where we go, no matter what we do, I want to spend the rest of my life with you."

Padmé could feel her heart pounding in her chest as she gazed up into his bright, blue eyes. "I don't ever want to, and I will never, leave you again," He whispered. "Would you... will you..."

Anakin closed his eyes, taking a deep breath, and with his voice trembling as much as his hands, he finally found the words he was looking for.

"Will you marry me?"

Padmé felt the warmth of a thousand suns, felt her heart begin to pound, felt her pulse racing. Her gaze still held Anakin's, and they stood there for what seemed an eternity, hand in hand. She knew then that Anakin's promise to her was true; never again would she be alone, never again would anyone harm her, never again would she have to be anyone other than herself. Her Jedi protector would always be there, he would always be there to love and protect her.

She pulled him closer to her, her eyes never leaving his. "Yes," she said softly.

If the universe had come to an abrupt end right then and there, they would never have known, for they were too lost in each other to notice.


Obi-Wan Kenobi tossed the last of his equipment into the cargo hold of his long-range fighter. "Arfour, be sure to calculate the fastest possible trajectory to Kamino. I want to get there as soon as possible." Arfour whistled confidently, and Obi-Wan nodded his head in affirmation. "That's right, be sure to avoid any heavily traveled trade routes. I'd rather not attract any undue attention to us en route."

Obi-Wan left Arfour to his work, then made his way to the ladder and climbed into the cockpit. He was on his way to Kamino to follow up on Dex's lead, but the dark mystery surrounding the missing data in the Jedi archives bothered him. Who could've deleted that data, and why? The thought of a possible traitor in the midst of the Jedi order was a disconcerting thought, indeed. The idea that such a traitor could be a Jedi made him even more nervous. This was a mystery that seemed to branch out into new directions each time a new lead appeared.

Then there was Anakin. He took a deep breath and exhaled it slowly; he was deeply concerned for his young padawan. Anakin had been uneasy lately, short tempered, on edge. The dreams, or nightmares, rather, of his mother had continued to haunt him. Now he was alone on Naboo with Senator Amidala, and the both of them were in very real danger. No, it would be all right; Anakin was well trained, he would do a fine job… wouldn't he? Yet, in the back of his mind, he wondered if his concern centered around Anakin's faults or his own. Maybe he had been too critical of Anakin over the past few years. He took another deep breath; he would have to remedy that situation as soon as he could.

Arfour beeped and whistled loudly. Obi-Wan put on his headset and checked the translator screen. "Good work, Arfour. Let's get going; we should be there in a few hours." He would have to put his concerns aside for the moment; he had work to do. Arfour fired the jets of the long range fighter, and Obi-Wan guided it up into the atmosphere and out into space.


"It's almost time, Artoo. Go ahead, and let me know when you've got them online." Artoo beeped in reply, and began to access the long-range transmitter via the computer terminal in front of him. Senator Padmé Amidala took a deep breath and turned to look at Anakin. He was seated in a chair near the side of the room, a small crystal orb rotating an inch or two above his open palm.

Padmé smoothed her formal senate gown with her hands. "I'm a little nervous. Does it show?" she asked, turning so that Anakin could see her.

Anakin passed his hand over the crystal, then snatched it from the air and placed it back on the stand on the table in front of him. He looked up at her with a smile. "Not at all," he said, sitting up straight. "You look as confident as ever."

Padmé shot a playful smirk back at him. "You're a very poor liar, but I appreciate your vote of confidence," she said. Then her countenance grew more serious. "I just don't know how Queen Jamilla is going to react."

Anakin didn't have much time to respond, for just as Padmé finished speaking, Artoo whistled loudly and Queen Jamilla's image appeared on the holographic projector in the center of the room. "
Senator Amidala,"
she said,
"It's good to see you again. I trust everything is all right and that you're safe?"


Padmé bowed reverently, then stood up straight and adjusted the hood of her cape. "Everything is fine, your Majesty," she said, "Master Skywalker has been taking very good care of me." As she spoke, she and Anakin exchanged a grin.


"I am pleased to hear so. Please give him our thanks,"
Queen Jamilla replied. "
With the previous attempts on your life, we have been understandably concerned for your safety. Is there something that I can do for you, Senator?"


Padmé stood up straight. "Actually, your Majesty, I contacted you to because I have news that I need to make you aware of."

Queen Jamilla's countenance grew concerned.
"I hope that it is good news, Senator?"


Padmé took a deep breath. "Your Majesty," she said, "I wanted to let you know that I have decided to resign my position as Senator."

Queen Jamilla was silent for a moment.
"I am sorry to hear that, Senator. Your service to us has been invaluable. May I ask the reason for your decision?"


"Your Majesty," Padmé continued, "Serving in the Senate on your behalf has been a great honor and privilege, but I feel the time has come for me to focus on my own future and my life outside the Senate." Her voice grew softer as she continued. "I suppose the assassination attempts of the last few days have had a larger impact on me than I realized."

Queen Jamilla nodded supportively.
"I understand your feelings, Senator. Things have not been easy for you in recent months. And I know the recent loss of your friend Corde' could not have been easy for you."


Padmé nodded. "It was very difficult, your Majesty. She was closer than a sister to me. I've lost several very close friends in the past few months." She paused for a moment. "I don't know if I can bear to lose anymore."

Captain Typho appeared on the holographic projector alongside Queen Jamilla.
"Senator, what of your safety?"
he asked.
"If you leave the Senate, it may be difficult to convince the Jedi council that you still need their protection."


Queen Jamilla nodded in agreement.
"Your safety will be a great concern to us, Senator. If the ones behind the assassination attempts learn that you are leaving the Senate, they may feel their chances for success will have increased."


"I appreciate your concern for my safety, Your Majesty, and yours as well, Captain," Padmé replied. "But I assure you, I will be fine. I have made plans to spend time with my family in Venicia. As you know, few people know much, if anything, about my private life. I should be quite safe there."


"But Senator,"
Captain Typho insisted,
"You will still need protection. Perhaps I should…"


Padmé interrupted him. "Captain," she said firmly, "I appreciate your concern, but rest assured, I will have protection." She smiled at Anakin again. "Master Skywalker will be accompanying me."

Captain Typho and Queen Jamilla looked at each other, puzzled.
"Senator,"
Captain Typho continued,
"Master Skywalker is a Jedi. Will he not be required to return to the Jedi council on Coruscant for instructions?"


Anakin felt his time to speak had come, and he stood up and joined her in front of the projector. "I will not be returning to the Council, Captain," he said. "My place now is here with Senator Amidala."

Anakin and Padmé both saw the confused expressions on Captain Typho's and Queen Jamilla's faces. "Your Majesty," Padmé said, as she reached down and took Anakin's hand in hers, "Master Skywalker will be accompanying me…" she paused, then continued with a smile, "as my husband."

Queen Jamilla was silent for a moment, and she and Captain Typho exchanged puzzled glances. Then she turned a smiling face to the projector. "
Then congratulations are in order for you, Senator,"
she paused, "
and for you as well, Master Skywalker."


Padmé nodded graciously. "Thank you, your Majesty."

Queen Jamilla continued.
"With Master Skywalker at your side, I will rest easier, as I am confident you will be well cared for."
The tone of her voice was lighter as she continued.
"May I ask when this event will take place?"


"As soon as we return home, your Majesty," Padmé replied.


"I would like very much to attend the ceremony, if I may,"
Queen Jamilla replied.

Anakin and Padmé exchanged glances. "We would be greatly honored, your Majesty," Anakin replied.


"In that event, I will make plans to find a replacement for you in the Senate as soon as possible, Senator,"
Queen Jamilla continued. "
We will treat this matter as confidential."
She stood up from her throne and approached the projector, so that Padmé could see her better as she continued.
"I'm sure I speak for everyone here when I say that we wish the both of you much peace and happiness for the future."
She turned her attention to Anakin.
"Do take good care of her, and yourself, Master Skywalker. I fear that the danger to her safety is far from over."


"You have my word, your Majesty," Anakin replied with a nod.

"
I will look forward to seeing you both in a few days, then,
" Queen Jamilla replied with a nod. "
Peace and long life, Senator."


Anakin and Padmé bowed respectfully. "Peace and long life to you, Your Majesty," Padmé replied, "And thank you."

Queen Jamilla smiled at the both of them, and the holographic projection faded away.


Obi-Wan Kenobi brought his ship out of hyperspace as they approached the coordinates that Dex had given him. As the bright tunnel of hyperspace gave way and the stars came back into view, a dark blue planet loomed directly ahead of him. "There it is, Arfour," he stated matter-of-factly. "Our missing planet, right where it's supposed to be." Arfour detached the ship from the hyperdrive engines, and Obi-Wan started the landing sequence.

Kamino was a water planet; vast oceans covered most of its surface. As his ship broke through the dense cloud coverage, Obi-Wan could see large cities that towered above the waves, built on large platforms that descended into the depths. He scanned the planet's surface; dry land appeared to be in short supply on this world. The rain came down in sheets, and the cloud cover seemed to go on forever.

Per his instructions, Arfour had brought them in over what seemed to be the major city of the planet. After receiving permission to land, Obi-Wan relinquished the controls to Arfour, and the little droid guided them to the landing platform near one of the larger domes.

The wind and rain were cold as Obi-Wan opened the canopy of his ship and climbed onto the platform. He pulled the hood of his cloak over his head and turned his eyes to the sky; the clouds rolled angrily, and bolts of lightning streaked the skies in a seemingly continuous electrical display. He pulled his cloak tighter around himself and turned to Arfour. "Nice place," he said, "If you happen to be a fish." Arfour whistled and nodded in reply, the rain pouring over his silver dome in sheets. "Stay here and keep the ship ready, Arfour," he said. "We may need to leave in a hurry. Keep the transmitter open, I'll contact you if I need you." The little droid whistled in reply, and Obi-Wan turned and headed for the nearest doorway.

The door hissed open as he approached it, and he stepped into the corridor, his eyes blinking as they adjusted themselves to the bright interior of the room. The walls were smooth and bright white. They had an almost crystalline, antiseptic look to them. He lowered his hood and wiped the rain from his face; he was thoroughly soaked. He ran his hands over his head, pulling his wet hair out of his eyes. As he did so, he saw an individual approaching him from the long hallway.

She was a Kaminoan, he assumed, from her tall stature. Dex had described them to him, and he had done a fairly good job. He judged that she was a female from her dress. She was at least eight feet tall, her large head and round eyes perched atop a long, slender neck. Her body was slim, and her long arms and legs swayed gracefully as she made her way toward him.

"Welcome, Master Jedi," she said as she approached him. "Your presence here is a great honor. It has been so long since we've heard from you, we were beginning to think you weren't coming."

Obi-Wan gave her a confused glance. "Excuse me," he said, "but was I expected?"

"Oh yes," she replied. "And you will be pleased to know that our progress is right on schedule." She turned and motioned toward the hallway. "But, I'm sure you would prefer to speak with Prime Minister Lama Su. He is expecting you. If you'll follow me, I will show you to him."

Obi-Wan was certain of one thing; this puzzle grew larger as each piece was added. He found himself in a very rare position – thoroughly confused and puzzled, and it made him uneasy.

At this point, however, there was little he could do but go where the Force guided him. He smiled politely at his hostess, and followed close behind her as she led him down the bright corridor.


"I think that's everything," Anakin said as he place the last two suitcases outside her door. "Artoo's got the ship ready. I think we're ready to go."

"I'm packing my last few things now," Padmé called over her shoulder. She took the last of her clothes from the dresser drawer and placed them neatly into the small case on her bed, then closed and locked it. Anakin leaned against the doorpost and watched her, his arms folded across his chest. She was dressed in a white tunic, pants and boots for their trip home. Her clothing fit her well, flattering her trim, feminine features. The hood of the dark brown cloak she wore hung at her shoulders, and she wore her hair braided neatly into a bun at the back of her head. She placed her satchel on her shoulder, then picked up the case and turned toward the door. Anakin watched her with a smile as she walked to meet him at the door.

Padmé smiled and kissed him on the cheek as she met him at the door, and then set her case down next to those that he had been carrying. He smiled warmly at her. "Ready?" he asked.

"As ready as I'll ever be," she replied, "I don't think I can pack one more thing in any of these cases."

Anakin squeezed her shoulder gently. "Do you have the blaster pistol I gave you earlier?"

Padmé reached down with her right hand and pulled her cloak back, revealing the holstered weapon on the belt at her hip. "I have it right here," she replied with a smile, "within easy reach."

Padmé let her cloak conceal the weapon again. "Good," Anakin replied. "Don't be afraid to use it if you have too. I sense something, but I'm not quite sure what. Whatever it is, I want you to be extra careful and stay close to me, okay?"

Padmé nodded in return. She knew how strongly the Force was with Anakin, and she trusted his judgment.

Their suitcases in hand, Anakin and Padmé made their way down the hallway and out to the courtyard. It was late afternoon, and a cool breeze blew through the courtyard. Padmé looked up; the clouds were getting darker and obscured the evening sun, and it looked as if it might rain. She closed her eyes and breathed in deeply. The air was fragrant with the scent of the gardens.

Anakin flagged down a transport, and its Gungan driver helped him load their suitcases into the cargo area. He helped Padmé into the back seat, and then climbed in beside her. "Take us to the main spaceport at the edge of the resort," he told the driver, and tossed him several Republic credits. The driver was very friendly and agreeable, and he chattered happily with them as they made the short journey to the hangar area. Padmé smiled as she listed to him; he reminded her of Jar Jar. She wondered how he was doing, filling in for her in the Senate on Coruscant. She remembered how happy he had been when she appointed him to fill in for her. Jar Jar could be a little clumsy, but his heart was in the right place. Perhaps, she thought, if more senators had his innocence and trusting nature, much more would be accomplished than was usually done.

They arrived at the spaceport in due time, and Anakin thanked the driver and fetched their bags from the cargo hold. Staying as close together as possible, they made their way through the crowded loading areas toward the hangar where Artoo and their ship was waiting.

The spaceport at the resort was a busy place. Creatures of all races milled about. The main hangar terminal was abuzz with activity. Vendors hawked souvenirs and wares from all over the Galaxy, shouting as passengers as they passed their booths. The smell of all kinds of food, some appetizing, some not, hung heavy in the air. Along the way, small bars and casinos pocked the walls along the main corridor to the hangar area. Weapons dealers and pleasure girls of all races loitered near the entrances to most of them, and they flirted with patrons as they came in and out of the various establishments.

Anakin tried to clear his mind of the many distractions, and focused his attentions on Padmé. As he walked beside her to the hangar, he stretched out with his feelings, searching for a clue to the uneasy feeling that had haunted him since earlier that day.

They rounded the corner at the end of the corridor. "There it is," Anakin said, and lifted his arm to point at a small hanger at the end of the bay. "Hangar 33; that's where Artoo's waiting for us."

As they made their way to the hangar entrance, three hooded figures watched from a shadowy entrance as Anakin and Padmé passed by. The tallest of the three nodded to the other two, and they began to follow them at a distance. As the tall one walked, his long strides caused his cloak to sway heavily from side to side, revealing the shiny tip of a blaster rifle hidden beneath his cloak.

Anakin pushed open the hangar door with one hand, and held it for Padmé to enter. There, near the center of the small hangar, sat a sleek, silver Naboo short-range cruiser. The rear entry ramp was open, and Padmé smiled as she saw Artoo rolling busily around the base of the ship, making last minute checks and adjustments. Artoo whistled happily as he saw them approaching. "Good work, Artoo," Anakin called to him, "you did a great job. Go ahead and get her ready for takeoff." Artoo beeped and whistled in reply, then rolled quickly up the entry ramp into the ship.

Suddenly, Anakin's senses were on fire; he dropped the cases from his hand and spun around quickly, just in time to see the three hooded figures burst through the hangar door, their weapons drawn. Instantly, his hand reached for the light saber at his belt and, with one swift, fluid motion, he ignited the blade and brought it up just in time to deflect the first laser blast that the tall assassin had fired.

"Padmé, get down!" Anakin cried, and she instinctively dropped the bags she was carrying and dove behind two heavy loading containers near the entrance to the ship. Her hand went to the holster at her hip, and she drew herself behind the containers, bringing her weapon up beside her. She quickly flipped the safety off and turned to look at Anakin.

She watched in amazement as Anakin faced down two of their attackers. His movements were swift and fluid as he deflected blast after blast away from the containers where Padmé had taken cover. The taller assassin and one other were moving toward them on the left, while the other had taken cover behind a small loading platform on the right. As she watched Anakin, she focused her attention on the lone assassin across the hangar bay.

Anakin knew he had to stop these assassins quickly; even though they were currently focusing their attentions on him, he knew that Padmé was their real target. With his left hand, he reached into the Force and picked up a small crate and sent it flying at the taller assassin, who stopped firing momentarily as he moved quickly to dodge it.

The momentary break was the one that Anakin was looking for, and Padmé watched in utter amazement as, quick as a flash, he crossed the distance between himself and the two attackers, his light saber a blur of blue light as he continued to deflect the laser bolts coming from the smaller of the two assassins. He was upon them in seconds and, with a strong Force push, he picked the taller of the two assassins up and threw him against the wall of the hangar, sending his weapon flying across the floor. The shorter assassin continued to fire and, with a quick backward swing, Anakin deflected the blast back at his attacker, striking him squarely in the chest.

Anakin heard a series of laser blasts, and turned quickly just in time to see the assassin who had taken cover across the hangar reel backwards against the wall as Padmé's sharp aim dispatched him quickly.

He looked back at her, his light saber still glowing brightly. "Are you alright?" he asked. "I'm fine," she replied, as she stood up slowly, her weapon at her side. She made her way across the hangar to Anakin's side.

"We won't get much from those two," she said, pointing at the two shorter assassins, "but I think that one's still alive," she said, as she nodded to the taller attacker lying against the far hangar wall.

Padmé holstered her weapon, and followed closely behind Anakin as they made their way across the hangar.

The tall assassin was wounded, seriously. The force with which Anakin had thrown him against the hangar wall was considerable. He moaned in pain, blood trickling from the corner of his thin lips. He started to stir, but stopped instantly as the glowing, humming blade of Anakin's light saber stopped just microns from his neck. He looked up at the young Jedi.

"If I were you," Anakin said flatly, "I wouldn't move anything but my mouth, and only then when we ask you too." He kneeled beside him and moved his blade closer to his exposed throat. "Do you understand me?" he asked dryly; the assassin nodded that he did.

"Who are you working for?" Anakin asked the would-be assassin, as Padmé approached and watched from directly behind Anakin. "I want to know who you're working for and why they're trying to kill Senator Amidala." He moved the hilt of his saber even closer to the assassin's throat.

"If I tell you that, I'm as good as dead," the assailant's gruff voice responded between rasping breaths.

"If you don't tell us," Padmé interrupted, "it would seem to be that you will find yourself in the same situation."

Anakin grinned slightly at him. "I would say the Senator is correct in her assessment of this situation," he said. His grin faded, replaced by an expression of grim determination. He waived his free hand slowly in front of their attacker. "I suggest that you tell us everything you know," he said slowly.

"I was hired by a bounty hunter on the moons of Eyego," the assailant said slowly. "All he told me was that… the person he was working for… wanted the Senator dead." He looked at Padmé as he continued. "He's… put up a small fortune… for her death," he gasped dryly.

Padmé felt a cold chill. Bounty hunters? The galaxy was full of them; if all of them were looking for her…

"Go on," Anakin said, "What else? What's this bounty hunter's name?"

"Fett's all I know," the assailant mumbled in pain, "I just… take the jobs for the money. He pays well, that's… all that matters… to me."

"And where might we find this bounty hunter?" Padmé asked.

"Beats me," the assailant coughed," Like I said, he… found me. I don't know where he's at… I guess you'll… have to find him… yourself…" The assassin's face drew up in a contortion of pain, then he collapsed onto the floor; he was dead.

Anakin extinguished the blade of his light saber and stood up slowly, returning it to his belt. He looked at Padmé, who was still staring at the man who moments before had tried to kill her.

"Well, at least we have something to go on," Anakin said. "Do you have any idea where this one might be from?"

Padmé nodded affirmatively. "He's an Alterian," she replied. "But what's more important is his face," she continued. "See these tattoos?" She pointed to the black lines on his forehead and chin. "He was, or at least once was, a member of the Techno Union Army."

Anakin looked at her curiously. "The Techno Union Army?" he asked. "I've never heard of them."

"Not many people have," Padmé continued. "They're a loose knit group of Trade Federation lackeys. The Trade Federation provides them with droids and weapons, and they prey on the smaller systems out beyond the Outer Rim." She looked up at Anakin. "Simply put," she said, "they're pirates. Plain and simple."

Anakin looked at her, puzzled. "But how would these guys figure into a plot to have you assassinated?" he asked.

Padmé shook her head. "I don't know," she said, "but I'm frightened, Anakin." She turned to look at him. "Whoever they are, they're using bounty hunters. There could be hundreds of them out there. What if…"

Anakin put his hand on her shoulder, stopping her in mid sentence, and gave her a reassuring look. "Don't worry," he said, "you're going to be fine, I promise."

She pulled him close and hugged him tightly. "I hope so," she said softly.

He gave her another reassuring glance. "At least now we have a name to go on," he said. "As soon as I make contact with Master Obi-Wan this evening, I'll pass this information on to him. It could help him track down the source of these attempts even quicker." Padmé forced a smile, and nodded her head in agreement.

Anakin took her hand and pointed at the ship. "Besides," he said with a smile, "it's going to be a lot harder to find you in a few hours."

Hand in hand, they made their way back across the hangar bay. Gathering their bags, Anakin followed her onto the waiting ship, and Artoo closed the entry ramp. The thrusters fired and the slender, silver ship lifted slowly into the open air, and then headed out from the city toward the open country.


Mace Windu quietly entered the Jedi meditation chamber. Across the room, on one of the sitting pads, Jedi Master Yoda sat quietly. His hands were folded in his lap, and he appeared deep in thought. Master Windu entered the room quietly and took his place on the mat next to the diminutive Jedi master. For several moments, he sat in silence, regarding his old Master.

"Master Windu, some assistance I may be?" Master Yoda asked finally, his eyes still closed in meditation.

"Master Obi-Wan has arrived on Kamino," Windu replied calmly. "It would appear that your suspicions regarding the deleted data in the library database were correct."

Master Yoda opened his eyes and regarded his companion. "Dangerous and disturbing this puzzle is," he said calmly. "As I told Master Obi-Wan; only a Jedi could have deleted those files." Yoda sighed deeply. "But who, and why – another, more concerning question, that is."

"I agree," Windu said. "Perhaps Obi-Wan's investigation will provide us with some answers."

"Perhaps," Yoda said thoughtfully. "One thing is certain, however." He turned to regard his friend once more. "In grave danger Master Obi-Wan is."

Yoda took a deep breath, and then closed his eyes once more.

"…And his apprentice."

>