

Well this is something I've been planning on for a long time but lacked the time nor material to make it in to a full story. Now...I think I'm about there. Anyways, like the title says this is a sequel so if you haven't read the first one you might want to do that. Since this was a new a story I wanted to do things in a new way. Part of that came from switching to a normal third person perspective. I enjoyed doing a first person perspective but it did limit what I could do in a single chapter, plus I know some people were really put off by it and I don't really want to scare people off from my work. Anyways enough author's notes. Here's the first chapter:


The principal looked over the remnants of Yokai Academy as the busses shuttled off the students back to their families for the time being. The hooded man silently walked back and forth amongst the wreckage, thinking. Ruby soon walked up behind him and announced in her usual polite manner, "Sorry to disturb you, Sir, but I thought I should inform you that the last of the busses have left and all of the students are gone. We'll begin working on repairs immediately so that we can reopen the school as soon as possible."

"Very good Ruby, but first answer something for me." The mysterious principal said with a small grin on his face. "Do you think Tsukune Aono has done well here at Yokai Academy? For a human that is."

Ruby blinked in surprise at the question. She thought for a moment and then answered, "I'd say Tsukune has done well here, Sir. Despite being a human, he seems to fitting in quite well. There are a few who know of his true identity. But, as far as I can tell, the rest of the student body and faculty don't seem to suspect a thing."

The principal nodded approvingly and added, "Impeccable isn't it? That a human could blend in so well with a school full of monsters. What do you think Ruby? Does Mr. Aono prove Yokai Academy's success at preparing our students to blend in with the human world? Or, is he just so adaptable? Your thoughts?"

Ruby was not sure what the principal was getting at but regardless she knew he expected her to answer, and answer honestly. Ruby replied, "To be perfectly honest, I'm not sure, Sir."

The principal laughed a little and replied, "Neither am I, so what do you say we put it to the test?"

Tsukune smiled as the bus rode along, drawing closer and closer to his home town. After such a long time, he would finally be home. Yokai Academy had been forced to close down on account of all the damages to the premises after the school festival. While Tsukune would miss his friends, there was a part of him that had grown homesick. He had not seen his family in quite a while and he had completely lost touch with all of his friends from middle school. Tsukune hoped he could take advantage of the small break to catch back up with them. It would be refreshing to actually spend time with humans after being around only monsters for so long.

Tsukune watched through the window as the various buildings and houses went by; slowly but surely they were moving towards his neighborhood. The longer Tsukune looked out the window, the more familiar all of the sights became to him. He was home. The bus driver did not have to say anything to Tsukune, he did not have the chance for as soon as the bus came to a stop Tsukune was on his feet with his suitcase in hand. As Tsukune stepped off the bus, the bus driver watched him and said with a slight grin, "See ya around, Kid." The bus proceeded to drive off and out of sight.

After a brief walk, Tsukune moved up to his front door then reached out with his hand but hesitated. It was strange, he had not been home in so long that he was not sure if he was reaching out to unlock the door with his key or knock as if he was an unexpected guest. Tsukune found the door to be unlocked so he opened it slowly and peeked his head inside to say, "Mom, Dad, I'm home."

Tsukune stepped inside and slowly slipped his shoes off since there was no response to his voice and everything seemed quiet. At first Tsukune assumed that his mother must have gone to the store or something of that nature. He was soon proven wrong when he heard his mom's voice ring through the house and a moment later she came running around the corner wearing an old sailor style schoolgirl uniform. "Hehe, you're not going to catch me Koji," Tsukune's mom called out but then stopped dead in her tracks when she saw her son staring at her.

"You know you can run forever. You've been very bad and Senpai must now discipline you." said Tsukune's father as he came around the same corner his wife had, he also was not wearing a shirt. He saw Tsukune's mom staring at their son. The man stared at his son but kept running only to end up running straight in to the doorway that led to their kitchen. The man stumbled backward and let out a groan of pain.

"So umm….what did I just walk in on?" Tsukune asked, feeling very afraid of the answer.

"Son! It's great to see you after all this time, so don't take this the wrong way. But would you mind coming back in about three hours?" Tsukune's father asked but then let out a small cry as his mother responded by pinching his cheek. "Ow! I mean five hours."

"What your father is trying to say that he's going to go put on a shirt and get a bag of ice for his head while I go change clothes. Then you can tell us why you've suddenly shown up…without even a phone call...or warning." Kasumi Aono, Tsukune's mother, said. The tone in her voice seemed to imply that she was a tad annoyed by her son interrupting whatever he had just stumbled upon.

A few minutes later Tsukune was sitting on the couch in the living room next to his father as his mother walked in. "It's good to have you home son, but why are you here? Did something happen at school?" Tsukune's father asked. Tsukune quickly explained that the campus had to close down on account of some damages to the school. Tsukune made sure to quickly side step the cause of all the damages. He was sure his parents would be a tad concerned if he told them that his school was destroyed by a bunch of monsters. Of course Kasumi Aono, being the concerned mother she was, had to ask what had happened. Tsukune had already thought up a good lie on the bus and explained that a fire had broken out in one of the chemistry lab. The fire had spread quickly and done a good bit of damage. Of course, the rest of school suffered smoke damage as well.

"Well, nonetheless it's good to have you back home, Honey. Your room is just how you left it." Tsukune's mom said. Tsukune took that as an opportunity to grab his suitcase and take it upstairs to his room. Tsukune placed his suitcase down on the floor of his room and let out a small sigh as he sat back on his bed, looking around at his old room. He now knew he was really home at that point. Tsukune slowly let himself fall back on his bed, feeling the softness of the sheets underneath him. The part underneath his head felt especially soft; however there was something that just didn't feel quite right. It felt as if there was something unusual underneath him. Tsukune then shot up in shock as he felt something under the sheets start to move. Tsukune trembled a little as he slowly reached out with one hand, grabbing the edge of the sheets and pulling them back. Tsukune's eyes became as big as saucers when he saw a tuff of sky blue hair peeking out from under his bed sheets.

Kurumu was curled up in Tsukune's bed, sleeping peacefully. Her eyes slowly fluttered open and she yawned a little as she quietly sat up. A warm smile immediately spread across the Succubis' lips when she saw Tsukune sitting there in front of her. In the blink of an eye Kurumu had wrapped her arms around Tsukune with a tight hug that forced his head between her breasts and said, "Happy to see me Tsukune? I came to surprise you, but I guess you were the one who surprised me instead. I didn't expect to wake up with you lying on top of me with your head on my chest. Not that I mind, of course!"

'So that's why it was so soft…' Tsukune thought to himself but then quickly pried his head out from Kurumu's chest before he suffocated. "Very happy, but why exactly are you here, Kurumu?" Tsukune asked.

"I came to see you obviously; you didn't think there was any way I was going to stay away from you until the school was rebuilt? There's no way I could be away from my destined one for so long." Kurumu said with a smile as she cuddled up next to Tsukune which made him blush.

"Tsukune? Are you in there?" Tsukune's mom asked as she knocked lightly on his door. Tsukune felt his blood suddenly go cold. He moved purely on instincts and without warning pushed Kurmu down on to his bed and quickly pulled the blankets back over Kurumu's head.

"Y-yeah Mom, I'm here." Tsukune called out, his voice unusually high at the moment.

Tsukune's mom walked in and looked around, "I just wanted to make sure that you were getting settled in. But umm…as I was walking I thought I heard voices."

"Voices? Hehe, that's crazy Mom. It's just me in here." Tsukune said with a nervous laugh.

"You're right, I guess I'm just imagining things. I'm just not used to you being home yet." Kasumi said with a smile and then turned to leave. Tsukune let out a quiet sigh of relief and placed his hands down on his bed for support, but that turned badly for him.

"Oh Tsukune!" Kurumu unintentionally cooed out in delight after Tsukune accidentally placed one of his hands on Kurumu's chest through the blankets. Tsukune quickly looked up to see his mother had stopped in her tracks and was now looking over her shoulder in his direction. The look in her eyes made Tsukune's blood go cold. His life flashed before his eyes as his mom walked back in to the room and quickly grabbed the bed sheets, pulling them away. Kurumu smiled innocently up at Tsukune's mom and said, "Hello Mrs. Aono. My name is Kurumu."

Kasumi reacted the same way any normal mother would in that situation, she fainted right on the spot and fell over. When Tsukune's mother came to, she found herself being held up by her husband with one arm while he used his free hand to fan cool air on to her forehead. "Easy there, Kasumi." Tsukune's father said in a gentle voice once he saw that she was coming to. Kasumi's eyes opened to see Tsukune, her husband Koji looking down at her. But then she noticed the girl next to Tsukune which made her let out a small yelp of surprise.

"Sorry about surprising you like that Mrs. Aono. How do you do; my name is Kurumu Kurono." Kurumu said, politely introducing herself.

"But why were you in Tsukune's bed?" Tsukune's mom asked frantically.

"Because he's my son!" Koji Aono said with pride, but the smile on his face soon vanished when he noticed the look his wife was giving him.

"I apologize for coming into your house uninvited. I'm a friend of Tsukune's from the school newspaper club. I came to visit Tsukune and I wanted to surprise him, but it looks like it backfired. I'm sorry for startling you Mrs. Aono." Kurmu said sincerely, making sure to be very careful with what she said.

Tsukune's mom was about to say something but stopped when she heard the doorbell ring from downstairs. She slowly rose up to her feet and said, "Well now, I'm going to get the door and hopefully when I come back this will have all been a hallucination."

Kurumu looked at Tsukune sadly and said, "I don't think your mom likes me very much."

"It's not that, we just didn't expect out son to be bringing a girl home without warning or notice." Tsukune's dad said then added with a scolding tone, "You should know better than that Tsukune. I'm proud of you for finding a girlfriend but I taught you better than to give your mother a heart attack."

"I didn't bring her home!" Tsukune said quickly. The conversation came to a quick halt when the two men heard Kasumi downstairs let out a small outcry. The two men dashed down the stairs with Kurumu following close behind to see what the commotion downstairs was about.

Tsukune was surprised to see his mom standing at the door with Moka and Yukari on the other side. Yukari noticed Tsukune coming down the stairs and waved her hand at him and said with a smile, "Hiya Tsukune, me and Moka came to visit."

"What the…why are you two here?" Kurumu said when she saw the other two girls.

"Hey! That's our question. Why's the boob monster in Tsukune's house?" Yukari asked quickly.

"I came to visit Tsukune and meet his parents. As you can see, this is not a good time so why don't you two leave." Kurumu said with a small smile.

"Ah, that's not fair Kurumu. Don't be mean." Moka said, trying not to get in to a fight. Unfortunately Yukari did not share her sentiments.

"That's right, and if anyone should leave then it's you. After all, we're Tsukune's real girlfriends." Yukari said with a smile.

"….Girl…friends…" Tsukune's mom stuttered out nervously.

"Tsukune! While I'm impressed that you have found yourself not one but two girlfriends, this girl is far too young. Stay away from lolis or at the very least wait a few years." Tsukune's dad commented.

"They're not my girlfriends, Dad!" Tsukune declared.

"That's right, I'm Tsukune's girlfriend." Kurumu said happily as she wrapped her arms around Tsukune's shoulders.

"Quit lying Kurumu." Moka commented. And with that Moka, Yukari, and Kurumu had all gotten in to a three way argument.

"Actually they're all liars. I'm Tsukune's real girlfriend, those three are just stalkers. Oh, and my name is Mizore." said Mizore who had poked her head in from the living room.

"Oh God, now there's four of them." Kasumi Aono said nervously.

"Wow, and she's a sneaky one too. Is she a ninja?" Tsukune's dad questioned with a small smile.

'Oh no, this is my nightmare come true. My friends are going to start fighting right here in my house in front of my parents. They'll find out they're all monster.' Tsukune thought to himself.

Tsukune's dad laughed a little as he patted his son on the back and said, "Wow. I'm proud of you, Son. I never knew you were such a ladies man." The man suddenly stopped speaking when he noticed his wife glaring at him. She obviously did not care for her husband's positive outlook on their son's seemingly promiscuous behavior. Tsukune's dad nervously cleared his throat and said, "Wh-what I meant to say is that we are both very disappointed in you Tsukune. I think we should let all of your girlfriends inside while we have a little family chat."

A few minutes later the four girls found themselves sitting around in the living room while Tsukune and his parents were in the other room having a very peculiar discussion. "Tsukune, please tell me the truth. How many of those girls have you slept with?" the girls could hear Tsukune's mom ask through the door.

"What? None of them, Mom. I swear!" Tsukune replied.

"I could change that if they want." Mizore said with a small smile.

"Now isn't the time, Ice Queen." Yukari said, "Tsukune's now in a lot of trouble because of us."

Kurumu smiled a little to herself and giggled a little as she thought, 'Well that's not entirely true. We didn't have sex at the time, but Tsukune and I have definitely slept together.'

"Hm, what's so funny Kurumu?" Moka asked curiously, tilting her head a little to the side in a questioning manner.

"Oh nothing." Kurumu said, looking away innocently.

Back in the other room, Tsukune's parents were giving him the third degree. Tsukune's dad asked, "So which of these girls is your girlfriend?"

"They're just my friends." Tsukune said. Even though he had confessed to Kurumu, they had not said anything officially yet.

'Just Friends? What's that supposed to mean, Tsukune?' Kurumu and the rest of the girls all thought to themselves. In truth Tsukune was just saying what he could to calm his parents down. He knew one day he would have to come clean with his parents about Yokai Academy and his friends, but this was neither time nor the way he wanted to let them know. Maybe he could tell them about it sometime during a family vacation, preferably when they were both drunk. Very, very drunk. Tsukune did not know how to do it, but he knew he needed to get his friends out from under his roof before they either started fighting or one of his parents had a heart attack; the former would most certainly guarantee the latter. Tsukune could just see it now; Kurumu running around the house naked and chasing down Mizore in a swimsuit while Yukari chased after both of them and Moka tried her best to apologize to both of his parents.

The door bell rang once again which made both of Tsukune's parents look at him inquisitively even though Tsukune had no idea who it was. All three of them walked up to their front door and Koji hesitantly opened the door to find Ruby and Gin both standing there in the doorway. Ruby bowed formally while Gin waved with a smirk and said, "What's up Tsukune?"

"Oh great, now our son swings both ways." Tsukune's dad said grimly.

"Well...at least he has good taste." Tsukune's mom commented.

"Uhh I don't know what was just implied, but I don't like it either way." Gin said.

"Pardon us Mr. and Mrs. Aono but we're looking for a few girls from our school that seemed to have gotten on the wrong bus. We thought they might be here." Ruby said in a calm and courteous voice.

"Oh thank God!" Tsukune's mom said with delight.

'Oh thank God!' Tsukune thought to himself silently.

The girls had all poked their heads out to see Ruby and Gin there. Kurumu frowned a little and said, "Damn, Ruby's fast. I didn't think they'd come after me that fast."

"Yeah, but we out number them. We should just fight them off." Mizore whispered.

"We can't you guys. We've already caused Tsukune and his family enough trouble by all showing up all of a sudden unannounced." Moka said.

It didn't take long for Ruby and Gin long to get all four girls together and force them out towards the bus, but not before making all four of them apologize to Tsukune's parents. Standing beside Tsukune, Kurumu looked back at the girls and said with a smile, "Alright, we'll see you all later. Thanks for dropping by."

"You're coming too!" All of the girls said together and grabbed a hold of Kurumu, dragging her on to the bus against her will.

Ruby bowed once again and said, "I sincerely apologize again for any trouble we've caused your family. I promise to keep a close eye on these girls."

Ruby then made her way back to the bus and a few moments later they were down the road. Tsukune's dad sighed a little and said, "Alright Tsukune, I'm going to have to go over some literature with you soon. We have much to review."

"That was just too much. You should keep your distance from those girls. On the other hand I would love it if you invited that Ruby here one day. She's a nice girl." Tsukune's mom said as she walked back in to the house, going directly towards the medicine cabinet for some aspirin.

Tsukune sighed in relief as he shut the front door and then leaned against it for support. Tsukune loved his parents dearly and he was in no way embarrassed or ashamed of them; however he knew that he would need to ease them on to his parents slowly. The rest of the night was for the most part uneventful if not a tad quiet. Tsukune did his best to talk well about his friends and try to explain their actions, however he was having a bit of trouble explaining why Kurumu was in his bed and why or how Mizore had snuck in to their house. Now that he thought about it, Mizore had been on his bus but during the trip had seemingly disappeared. Her stalker skills were admirable if nothing else.

The rest of the day passed by with relatively little excitement, so Tsukune was able to get settled in. Later on that night, Tsukune laid out on his bed with his head resting on his pillow as he gazed up at the ceiling in thought. He relaxed his muscles and allowed himself to take in all the familiar sights, sounds, smells and sensations that surrounded his being. He was home and this was his room, but it felt strange. He had been away at school for so long that what was once so familiar now felt foreign. It was nice being home and back in his home town, but it felt strangely normal and yet abnormal at the same time. Something was missing. There were no monsters here. No vampires, succubi, witches, or snow women. No werewolves, mermaids, ogres, or even catgirl teachers. There was not even a creepy bus driver.

Tsukune realized at that moment that it was not the room, the house, or the neighborhood that had changed. It was him. He was different. Everything that he had seen, learned, and experienced at Yokai Academy had changed him. Monsters were real, but only Tsukune knew. After seeing his parents and his friends from Yokai in the same room together, Tsukune realized that his life was now split into two separate parts. It was as if he were living in two different worlds. Tsukune raised his left hand in front of him. There was the human world filled with his parents, Kyoko, and his friends from middle school. Tsukune lifted his right hand as well. Then there was the monster world where Kurumu, his new friends, and Yokai Academy existed.

Tsukune stared up at his hands and wondered; right now he had both separate worlds but would he have to choose between them one day and what would that mean for his future? He could just finish high school and then continue with his life normally. He could leave the monster world and Yokai Academy behind as simple memories that he would keep to himself. But that would mean he would have to grow apart from Kurumu and everyone else, and then say goodbye to them once high school was over.

On the other hand, could Tsukune keep up his involvement with the monster world? He would have to continue watching his back at all times to make sure no one else learned he was a human. He would also have to continue lying to his parents about Yokai, Kurumu, and the rest of his friends. If he pursued a long-term relationship with Kurumu then she would have to always pretend to be human around them. The two of them could never be honest with his parents, or he might have to cut them out of his life. The same would probably be true for Kurumu and her mom. Tsukune then placed his palms together and wondered if it would be possible to combine his worlds.

The next couple of days were relaxing for Tsukune. He was able to catch up with his family, spend some time with Kyoko, and he had even made some plans with his friends from junior high on the weekend. But no matter what Tsukune did, the questions about his split between the human world and monster world continued to twist and turn in the back of his mind. At the end of the week Tsukune received a rather peculiar letter. The envelope was shaped as a bat. Tsukune knew the letter must have been from Yokai Academy so he quickly and subtly opened it. Tsukune's eyes read along for a while before his jaw dropped in surprise. Yokai Academy was….


I wasn't sure where to stop so I thought mid-sentence would be fun (sarcasm). Part of what I said about things being new was referring primarily to what's on Tsukune's letter. I thought of just putting it in the summary but for now I think it might be more fun to just let people guess and find out by reading. As always I hope everyone enjoyed this chapter so please leave a review or comment if you'd like; I should have the next part up in about a week or less. Thanks for reading everybody.

>