

So I'm going to be real honest. I'm shocked I'm posting this. It's obviously been years since I have posted anything, and I apologize for that. I figured my days of writing fanfic were past me. But the past few years I've received a surprising number of requests to continue this story, especially recently, so here we are. Please just know folks, I'm in law school now so I have a lot on my plate that has to come first so please don't expect quick updates. I'll do what I can, but this is the time in the semester that things get hectic to say the least.

ALSO! I went back to the previous four chapters and did some pretty big edits including added content that was not there before. So if you've read those in the past you may want to take another look. Anyways. After a long three-ish years or so, here is a new chapter. I hope that you all enjoy.


Kurumu watched as Mizore moved over the couch and snuggled up against her Tsukune across from her. Mizore's arms slipped around Tsukune's left arm as she rested her head against his shoulder. Kurumu let out a small sigh of annoyance and said, "Impeccable timing as always, Mizore."

"I woke up and noticed you weren't around. So I came to see what was up. I was kind of worried I made the room cold again and forced you out. I can see that I was mistaken though." Mizore explained.

"So you were worried about for my sake?" Kurumu asked, a little surprised.

"Well yeah, we're roommates after all. I'm trying to get better about not making the room cold at night. But I should have known you were putting the moves on Tsukune as usual." Mizore said.

"That's not what happened. He and I just ran into each other down here by coincidence. Tsukune has a lot on his mind and needed to talk." Kurumu replied as a small smile curled along her lips. Even though they fought a lot of the time, she and Mizore seemed to have gotten closer. She was glad.

"Yeah, I heard. Tsukune, Kurumu was right. Don't worry about all that heavy stuff right now." Mizore commented.

Kurumu smiled a little more and nodded, "That's right. The time we have right now with everyone is so great, let's enjoy it."

"Thanks you two…I'm really lucky to have such good friends." Tsukune said, feeling some of the weight lift off his shoulders. He blushed a little, feeling the two beautiful monster girls curled up so closely beside him. It was an odd feeling. On his right side, Kurumu was so warm while on his left Mizore's body was refreshingly cool. It was an odd feeling, but it was nice.

"Wait a minute, why aren't you telling me to get off like usual?" Mizore asked Kurumu curiously, finding it a tad odd that they had not gotten in to an argument yet. Tsukune also found that to be peculiar now that it was brought up.

"I don't know, I guess I'm tired right now. So let's not fight." Kurumu said with a simple shrug.

Mizore let out a small yawn and replied, "Yeah…I guess that sounds good."

'Well…I guess I'm going anywhere for the time being.' Tsukune thought to himself with a small sigh.

The three of them sat together on the couch in the dimly lit living room, with the only light coming from the moon through the windows. Mizore was the first to fall asleep. Tsukune could feel her heartbeat and breathing both slow down steady rhythm. He looked over to Kurumu who was still awake but looked like she was close to dosing off. There had been something on his mind for a while that wanted to talk with her about privately but had yet to have a good chance. Tsukune softly whispered, "Hey, Kurumu?"

"Hm? What's up Tsukune?" Kurumu asked, her violet eyes slowly gazing up at him. Tsukune blushed a little as those beautiful amethyst gems gazed up at him. Why did those eyes have to be so damned beautiful?

Tsukune turned his head to look down at Mizore, just to make completely sure that she was still sound asleep before speaking. He whispered, "I was just wondering, what would you think if we told everyone about what happened in that cave back in the forest? You know…that we confessed to each other?"

"I've been thinking about that too. Part of me really wants to, because it makes me really happy. But, if we tell everybody then…they'll be really sad. They're our friends, Tsukune. The last thing I want to do is hurt them. Or even worse, lose them. Like I said, right now things are so nice that there's a part of me that wishes things could stay this way forever." Kurumu explained, her eyes becoming wide and even a little watery.

"Yeah…I know what you mean. I love you, Kurumu. But I never want to hurt our friends." Tsukune muttered with a small blush on his cheeks.

A large smile spread across Kurumu's cheeks as she leaned up without warning and kissed Tsukune's lips, holding there for several seconds. They then pulled away, a deep shade of pink spread over Kurumu's cheeks that could be seen even in the dim lighting. "You truly our my destined one, Tsukune. They're our best friends, so let's figure out a way to make everyone happy."

Tsukune nodded in agreement, smiling back at Kurumu. They sat there together for a little longer, enjoying the moment. Kurumu's eyes gazed at Mizore on the other side of the couch, looking at the snow woman clinging to her destined one's arm. Mizore loved Tsukune, just like Kurumu did and she could not find it in her heart to hate Mizore for that love. She looked so happy and peaceful, sleeping there. Kurumu knew she had no right take that happiness from her. The snow woman's beautiful ivory skin seemed to practically glow in the moonlight. 'She was so cute.' Kurumu thought to herself.

They soon decided to retire for the night. Tsukune lifted the slumbering Mizore into his arms, finding her to fittingly be as light as snow. He carried her upstairs and into his parents' room that she was sharing with Kurumu. Tsukune moved carefully, trying not to wake her up, as he laid the snow woman down on to the bed. Kurumu followed right behind and whispered, "Night, Tsukune."

Tsukune blushed a bit as Kurumu placed a soft kiss on his cheek. "Goodnight." He replied before retiring to his own room. Feeling sleepy, he eagerly slipped in to his bed and pulled up the covers. He glanced over at his digital clock. 3 A.M. Seeing the time, Tsukune was very happy that it was the weekend so that he would not have to attend class in the morning. Letting out a small yawn, Tsukune's eyes fell and he felt sleep's embrace begin to take him. The last things he thought of were the sweet taste of Kurumu's lips and the happiness he felt being surrounded by all of his friends. At that moment, all of Tsukune's worries about the future vanished for he felt blessed to have his friends in his life.

Morning soon came, and it sparked off by Kyoko dropping by unannounced. Conveniently she arrived just in time for breakfast and, once again, she took it upon herself to taste all the food. Needless to say, she was thorough in this task. "Oh man, that was delish! You girls are going to make some lucky guys great wives one day."

"By lucky guy you mean Tsukune…" Mizore said in her usual tone.

"Yeah, and you conveniently forgot to actually compare the food again." Kurumu remarked.

"Take it as a compliment you two! Your food is so good that she can't help from totally stuffing her face." Yukari said with a grin.

"Hey! You make it sound like I'm a pig! That's not true, right Tsuki?" Kyoko asked, looking to her cousin for support.

"Well…you did have three helpings of everything, Kyoko." Tsukune mentioned, rubbing the back of his head bashfully.

"It's because you are so energetic Kyoko. You need lots of energy." Moka mentioned, trying to give the other girl's appetite a more positive spin.

"Whatever! Let's get to why I'm actually here. Okay ladies, line up!" Kyoko said as she hopped up to her feet and led everyone in to the living room. She made the girls all stand side by side while Tsukune sat nearby. Kyoko paced up and down the line, almost as if she were a drill sergeant. "Alright then! You girls are here because you all want to jump Tsuki's bones. Well, think of me as his chastity belt. I'm going to test you all to figure out which one is best for Tsuki."

"Kyoko isn't this a little much? And shouldn't I get a say in this?" Tsukune spoke out, thinking that his cousin was having a little too much fun this whole situation.

Kyoko looked over at Tsukune dully and said, "Do you get a say? Tsuki, you've had a say this whole time. It's because of your say in the matter that you've now got four girls trying to fight over you. It's your say that's gotten yourself into this mess."

"Fair enough…" Tsukune said, hanging his head in shame. He could tell that his cousin was not going to be deterred from getting involved in his love life.

"Alright then, first things first, some preliminary evaluations." Kyoko said as she looked between the various girls. She looked over at Kurumu and without warning reached out grabbed her by the chest.

"Hey! What the hell do you think you're doing?!" Kurumu exclaimed as the rest of the girls could merely watch in shock.

"Hey, don't blame me. I had to make sure those things were real. Can't blame me for having my doubts." Kyoko said as she stepped back.

"I'll have you know I am one hundred percent natural." Kurumu said, placing her hands on her hips proudly.

"Unfortunately that's true. I've checked." Yukari said with a small frown.

"Okay, well in terms of breasts, Big Blue takes first place, followed by Pinky, and then Snow White."

"I win!" Kurumu declared happily.

"Is this really how we're being judged?" Moka asked, a little surprised by Kyoko's test.

"For real! And I didn't even place! I formally protest that test!" Yukari said in annoyance.

"The test stands, but it's only one of many. To be honest, it's hard to test you girls. You all have your good points. Kurumu may win when it comes to booby bounce and charisma, but Mizore's stealth stat is through the roof. Moka has most balanced stats. Yukari seems to be the kind of character that starts out weak but becomes a total knockout when you put the time into training her."

"You've been marathon playing games again, haven't you?" Tsukune said in a dulled voice.

"I may have been hitting the SRPGs lately." Kyoko said with a grin and then continued, "All joking aside. You girls are all really nice. So I think the best way to judge is to have each of you spend some alone time with Tsuki to see how you match up without anything getting in the way. That's how it works in romance games after all."

"Hey! That's sounds like a great idea. We can go on dates." Kurumu said excitedly. Kyoko seemed like she could be a real trickster but she was starting to make sense.

"Okay, do we draw straws to find out who goes first?" Moka asked curiously.

"No need for that. It's already decided. The first person to go out on a date with Tsuki is…" Kyoko pointed out her finger and swayed back and forth between the four girls a few times before stopping. She abruptly pointed up and said, "Me!"

"What! You?" Yukari said in surprise.

"You're going on a date with your cousin?" Mizore questioned.

"Hehe, that's right. You girls stay around here and clean the house. We'll be back later." Kyoko said with a grin and grabbed Tsukune by the arm, pulling him up to his feet and leading him towards the front door. She then paused and looked over her shoulder at the other girls. Her voice suddenly becoming serious she added, "Oh, and anyone who follows or tries to tail us is automatically knocked out of the running. Have fun!"

"Grrr….I swear she gets under my skin! 'Oooh look at me, I get to bathe with Tsuki. I get to sleep with Tsuki. I get to go on a date with Tsuki.' I swear she is just a little too close to Tsukune for just being a cousin. She shouldn't be able to boss us around like this." Kurumu said as she grabbed a few plates off the dining room table and took them over to the sink.

"Well she has said that they grew up together right? She's more like Tsukune's big sister than his cousin. So maybe she's just looking out for him." Moka mentioned as she helped Kurumu. Moka was a big sister herself after all.

"Yeah? Well she sure has a weird way of showing it. What's the point of her going out on a date with Tsukune anyways? If she thinks she can steal him out from under us then she has another thing coming! Like a wash bucket." Yukari said, holding up her wand defiantly.

Meanwhile, Tsukune and Kyoko were walking down the street together before turning off the street and onto the path of a local park. They were cutting through the park to go to a store that served good ice cream. Kyoko was looking for something sweet to eat even though they had just finished breakfast. She smiled and stretched her arms up over her head as they walked along through the grass and trees on the paved pathway and said, "This is nice huh? It's been a while since the two of us were just able to hang out together."

"It is. But Kyoko, why were you giving the girls such a hard time before? It's like you were just trying to mess with them." Tsukune asked curiously as they walked along.

"Hehe…yeah…I guess I kind of was. I'll take it down a notch. But you have to realize Tsuki, as far as I'm concerned there is no girl that's good enough for you. We're family." Kyoko said with a small smile.

"I see, but they're still my friends, you know?" Tsukune remarked and then asked, "So, was this whole 'date' just meant to bug them too?"

"They're good friends, Tsuki. I'll try to quit joking around with them so much when it comes to this stuff." Kyoko responded and added, "No…well not mainly. I wanted to get some time with just the two of us so that we can catch up. We've barely talked at all since you went to that weird school. Also, now that we're alone you can be completely honest when we talk about your girlfriends."

"Oh I see. Makes sense." Tsukune said with a small nod. They continued to walk at a leisurely pace until they had cut through the park and arrived at their destination. Tsukune bought a simple vanilla cone while Kyoko went with strawberry instead. They walked down the street a little bit and found a wooden bench to sit on.

"Okay, so spill it Tsuki. Which of those girls do you really like best?" Kyoko asked.

"Well…it's complicated…" Tsukune stuttered but then winced when Kyoko pinched his cheek without warning.

"Don't give me that. There has to be one that's closer to you than the rest. So just fess up. If it's a secret, then you know it's safe with me." Kyoko said and then let go of his cheek.

"Okay okay. It's Kurumu. I…love her." Tsukune said, blushing a little when he said it out loud.

"Aww! Tsuki that's so cute! And what about her? She feels the same way, right?" Kyoko asked with a big smile. Tsukune nodded in response. "That's great Tsuki! So why didn't you just tell that to Auntie and Uncle in the first place?"

"Because I…Kurumu and I are both worried about how the others will take it when the find out. They're our very best friends and we're afraid that once they find out that it will form a wedge between us. We don't want to hurt them, and we don't want to take the risk of losing them either." Tsukune explained, looking down at the ground.

"Is that all? Hehe, the solution is so simple, Tsuki!" Kyoko said with a grin as she nibbled at her ice cream.

"Really? Well then tell me what to do." Tsukune asked, eager for Kyoko to reveal what he was not seeing.

"You obviously have to put in the extra work to get that sweet sweet hidden harem ending!" Kyoko said with a smirk.

"This is seriously, Kyoko!" Tsukune exclaimed in response. He had actually hoped his cousin had actual advice.

"I know, so go for that harem route. It always takes some work to figure out how to trigger it, but it's always the best way to go." Kyoko said excitedly and laughed a little. She then settled down a bit and continued, "Joking aside, I get where you two are coming from. You don't want to hurt your friends, and that's good. But you can't just leave them hanging forever, that's not what a true friend would do. Find the right time and be a true friend to those girls, Tsuki. If they're true friends to you, then your friendship should be strong enough to endure anything. In fact, you'll probably be even closer afterwards."

"That makes a lot of sense, Kyoko. Thanks." Tsukune said with a smile.

"See, I told you that you'd be thinking me before the end!" Kyoko said with a wink and added, "Alright, that's a win for Kyoko! Problem solved, you'll be ready to go when Auntie and Uncle come back."

"I'm not sure I would be writing your victory speech just yet if I were you. I still always have the risk of losing my friends. And in regards to Mom and Dad there's something else. Something pretty big, actually. I don't know what to do." Tsukune admitted, thinking about the fact that his friends were all monsters.

"Okay? Well, what is it?" Kyoko asked curiously, finishing off her ice cream.

"It's a secret. I don't even know if I can tell you about it. You might even think it's crazy." Tsukune said, hesitant to admit the truth.

"Oooohhhh, crazy secrets are always the best! Now I have to know. Is it that some of those girls swing both ways? Because I had a hunch." Kyoko guessed.

"What? No, that's not it! I…can't say. All I can tell you is that it's very hard to believe. I don't how Mom and Dad would respond, but unless they know then I'll have to continuing keeping things from them." Tsukune explained as best he could.

"Interesting. Well, if you can't tell me then I can't give you an answer, Tsuki. You'll have to go on your gut and hope it works out for the best." Kyoko said as she stood up and brushed off her skirt. "No c'mon! Let's go drop lots of coins at the arcade!"

Tsukune followed Kyoko as they made their way to the local video game arcade, one of his cousin's favorite haunts. At first, they just walked around the inside, checking out the various machines as they decided what to play first. They started out by going head to head in a racing game. Kyoko won as always of course. Tsukune never seemed to be able to get the hang of drifting in those driving games. Luckily, he had better chances at their next game.

"Hmm, which character do I want to use to kick your butt, Tsuki? Maybe the catgirl, or the werewolf? I know! Obviously, I have to go with the succubus girl with the big bobbies." Kyoko said with a grin as she picked her fighting game character.

"Succubus? Yeah…okay. Then I'll pick this vampire guy." Tsukune said as he selected his character and the round began. Kyoko ran right in head first like always, so Tsukune blocked and then counter attacked. "Hey Kyoko. What do think about succubi and vampires?"

"Trying to distract me? Heh, that's not gonna work, Tsuki. Take this! Hya!" Kyoko responded, focusing closely on the game.

"No seriously. What are your thoughts on them? Like…what if they were real?" Tsukune continued as they played the game.

"What? Are we talking about lacy shirts in New Orleans or sparkly douchebags in Washington?" Kyoko asked as she tried a few different special moves.

"No, nothing that extreme. Vampires and succubi that are…basically like us." Tsukune explained as he tapped the kick button and knocked Kyoko in to an aerial combo.

"Hmm, I mean I guess that'd cool. I don't think I'd have a problem with it." Kyoko responded as she started to tap and hammer at her buttons frantically before getting knocked out. "Damn it! Okay, two out of three right now!"


Well there you have it folks. I know the wait has been long but I hope you all enjoyed this chapter. Like I said, right now life doesn't leave me with the surprisingly large amount of time needed to churn these out so please be patient. I promise it won't be three years until the next entry but it may need to be after finals. Until then, thank you again for reading!

>