

Author's Note: Another chapter that took too long to put up here. This chapter was actually close to completion for a while, and it could have been finished and put up here much sooner, but something came up. There's also been a recent update in my life, but it's too soon to say anything at this point. Anyway, onward to the crossover!

Chapter 2: "Expanding Sphere"


Maverick Hunter HQ...


Following the battle that had transpired on the beach against Amblygonite Hydra and the revived Crush Crawfish, X and the others returned with both reports to give and injuries to tend to. Signas had X, Estelle, Crystal Snail, Rita and Jade sent to be examined and treated immediately. Yuri, Flynn, Zero and Blast Hornet remained with the commander to divulge what they had seen. Just as Flynn had earned the attention of the base before with his mention of Magna Quartz's appearance in Terca Lumireis previously, even more shocked expressions were earned as they explained that Hydra had resurrected the once thought-to-be-dead Crush Crawfish. It was an explanation that made the communication room's silence even more deafening.

Layer pulled up information on Crawfish as she and Pallette were not familiar with all of X's past enemies before joining the team. Once the two of them quickly read through his bio, it was understandable why the report of his resurrection was cause for alarm. Pallette was a bit startled at the contents herself.

"Simply put, that Crawfish is a damn maniac. He kept saying he wanted to carve and slice up humans like fresh meat, and was completely obsessed with the idea too. What a wacko." Yuri said while shaking his head slightly. "And here I thought Zagi was the unhinged one. This shrimp jerk makes him look like a nice guy picking flowers in a garden."

"That's putting it mildly," Blast Hornet added, "I only ever heard about the guy during the Doppler incident, but I never imagined how insane he'd be up close."

"That's what happens when you design someone to be a weapon: they literally think of nothing else but how to be a weapon." Zero said matter-of-factly. Yuri and Flynn looked at each other.

"He has a point. Imagine if Tarqaron or the
Heracles
had been sentient beings." The knight said.

"Ugh, trying not to." Yuri replied.

"So not only is Amblygonite Hydra on the loose again, but now Crush Crawfish, one of the most criminally insane Mavericks who ever existed, has returned as well. Considering his nature and personality, he could simply enter a civilian area just to raise some havoc." Signas crossed his arms, noting the potential severity of his last sentence.

"From what it looked like, Crawfish was taking orders from Hydra. Hydra may not let him go about doing whatever he wants since attracting attention to their activities is not on their priority list." Flynn added, hoping it would alleviate the tension a little.

"Yeah, Tweedle Too Many was interested in Magna Quartz, because he said they needed her for a power source."

"Given what Magna Quartz has been capable of since these events started, that's not good." A new voice said.

"X. You sure you should be up and about already?" Zero asked.

"It's nothing to worry about." The blue armored Maverick Hunter joined them in the room's center as he continued. "Hydra doesn't even know about Quartz's ability to cause dimensional transfers."

"Whether he intends to or not, he could end up warping his entire warship from one world to another, and conquer those worlds' inhabitants. We wouldn't be able to stop him if that ends up being the case."

"Then we have to do everything we can to protect Magna Quartz, and make sure Hydra never gets his hands on her." X clenched his fist.

"Now that we've put a delay in his scheme, it's more than likely he'll concentrate his efforts on us and try to take it." Layer said from her console.

"Either that, or he might consider another energy source for his warship." Pallette stated.

"Given Magna Quartz's power output, I doubt he'll be looking elsewhere." Alia spoke just now, having been silently checking in on incoming data the entire time. Her words were quite true. Considering his elation upon discovering the crystal and the lengths he was willing to go to accomplish his goals, it stood to reason that he would not give up his prey so easily, especially since he had seen how much energy Snail's companion gave off.

"For the time being, we keep tabs on his movements. I doubt he's going to attack again after the blow he received from the recent battle. As you were, everyone." Signas ordered as the base continued its activities.


Outside Abel City, Wildlife Preserve...


Neon Tiger, protector of the remaining natural wildlife in the world, was patrolling the jungle and keeping a close eye on the tigers and other animals, as per his usual routine. Designed to look like a tiger to a degree, the big cats accepted him as part of their streak. One in particular, a female, was enamored with him and looked to him as her mate. While many likely found the notion absurd, their love for one another was the only thing that mattered. As he prowled around, his sensors suddenly picked up a strange buildup of energy nearby. His mate and the other tigers sensed it too, their instincts as well-tuned as any machine. The energy continued to increase in strength to the point it was coming close to shorting out his circuits.


This massive power, what is it?
The tiger Reploid mused as he observed a ball of white and blue energy slowly growing in size from a safe distance away. The other tigers also kept wary of whatever it was they were looking at. It certainly wasn't like anything they'd ever seen before. Within moments, the energy burst in a violent explosion and emitted a bright, blinding light that forced the creatures of the preserve to look away and avoid damaging their eyes. When the flash had died down, Neon Tiger turned to look at the area where the energy had begun gathering. He was left surprised, to say the least.

Two humans were lying on the ground in the shade of a large tree: one male and one female. They were dressed in clothes that were completely different than any garments Tiger had seen humans wearing before.

"Mmm, Norma, what did I tell you about messing with things like switches..." The male human muttered as he slowly sat up.

"Coolidge is right. What were you, mm, thinking Norma..." The female did the same.

The tigers in the streak were on their guard and a little on edge from the two newcomers' sudden appearance. Some of the big cats were bearing the fangs a little, but Neon signaled to them to remain calm. Both humans got their bearings after realizing what happened.

"Chloe, you okay?" The young man asked his friend. From what Neon could make of him, he appeared to be about seventeen years old and a closer look revealed he wore a very unusual outfit that was a little difficult to describe in words. He wore what resembled a white changshan adorned with various attachments, and tattered light blue shorts which were covered by a grey skirt-like garment with white line markings held up by a black belt, in addition to a red belt over that. The most noteworthy aspect to his apparel was the four large wristbands, made to resemble hex flanges, that he wore on both his wrists and his ankles. The young woman, also about seventeen, wore a dark brown skintight suit over which a short blue jacket and a dark gray cape adorned it, along with a blue and white beret upon her head.

"Yes, I'm fine. But where is this? Are we in the Forest of No Return?" The two of them looked around a moment. The man referred to as Coolidge put his hand on a nearby tree, noticing the metallic designs over them.

"These are some pretty unusual trees. I doubt we're in the forest, and this definitely doesn't look like the Lumen Spring for that matter."

"You're right. This place feels different. It feels like we're not even on the Legacy anymore." Chloe said, which made Coolidge look at her in a bit of shock.

"That's crazy. How could that even happen?"


They look like a pair of confused travelers.
Neon Tiger thought.
I should bring them to the relief station. The tigers don't look too happy with their presence.
The feline Reploid stepped forth. The two humans turned to see him approach and they were taken aback. The young man readied himself into a fighting stance while the young woman drew a sword.

"Who are you?" Coolidge asked, his voice sharp.

"Relax your guards, both of you. My name is Neon Tiger and I'm here to find out why you happen to be in the Wildlife Preserve. Are you from Abel City?"

"Wildlife Preserve?" Chloe said.

"Abel City?" The two of them looked back at each other, completely baffled at what they just heard.

"We're not on the Legacy." They said at the same time, both with a defeated sigh. Some of the wild tigers tilted their head to the side in puzzlement.

A little time passed and Neon Tiger was able to get the full story from the two mysterious newcomers after he brought them to the relief station. After exchanging their stories with one another, the end result only brought about more confusion.

"Senel Coolidge and Chloe Valens. Sorry to tell you this, but I'm afraid I've never heard of the Legacy, the Alliance Marines or the House of Valens."

"It's just as well. Can't say I've heard of this Abel City you mentioned earlier." Senel returned.

"This is only a thought I have, but I imagine you two are from an entirely different world than this one." Tiger said while crossing his arms. Senel and Chloe looked at one another, a little uncertain how to react to the statement, but realized it was closer to the truth than they would have preferred to believe.

"Sir Tiger, I don't think you're wrong. Nothing that we've seen so far resembles anything we're familiar with and I've never heard of or seen Reploids before." Chloe said, matter-of-factly.

"If I might ask, how did you two end up here anyway? Your entrance was heralded by a rather impressive burst of light."

"There was something like a burst of light when we were exploring some new ruins back on the Legacy. We assumed our friend Norma had been fiddling with some device or some such that caused it, but I'm beginning to think no lever or button could have activated anything like traveling to another world." Senel said, recalling the events that led up to their arrival on Earth. The last thing he was able to recall was a large floating object in a massive antechamber that Norma had managed to locate during a recent exploration. The bubbly girl had asked him and Chloe to come check it out with her since she wasn't sure if it was something related to the Everlight or some new eres artifact. Unfortunately, it looked like agreeing to get a closer look at it had been a poor decision after all.

"So now what should we do, Coolidge? As it stands, we're stranded until we can find some way to get back home." Chloe asked.

"Well I don't know if it might be much help to the two of you, but dimensional travel has happened in our world before. A pair of guys I know have actually gone through something like this before and they might be able to help you out." Neon Tiger offered, trying to be comforting to the two humans.

"At this point, we should take any help we can get. We're strangers in a world we know nothing about." Senel said, shrugging.

"We would greatly accept any assistance you could give us, Sir Tiger." Chloe bowed politely.


Maverick Hunter HQ, Medical Bay...


Estelle, Rita, Jade and Crystal Snail had each been checked out, and other than exhaustion (and Estelle's wrist injury), they were released with a clean bill of health. Estelle took the time to explain things further to Jade, who had been waiting patiently to get a better understanding of just what was going on with this dimension warping business. The Necromancer was having a little trouble believing such a thing possible, but he was standing inside a complex facility located on a completely different planet from Auldrant. It was time to stop playing the part of the skeptical disbeliever and start accepting the reality around him.

"As fascinating as all this is, I'm more curious as to whether or not we'll be able to return to our worlds." Jade said after everything had been explained to him. He adjusted his glasses and contemplated how he was able to use his fonic artes and summon his spear back during the battle; after all, there were no fonons whatsoever on Earth and somehow he was able to call on his spells and weapon as if it was perfectly normal to do so.

"We managed to find everyone by going forward with this craziness, but how exactly do we go back the way we came?" Rita sighed.

"Maybe once the Reploid scientists finish analyzing Magna Quartz, they might be able to come up with some way, possibly." Estelle said, trying to sound comforting, though it didn't come out right.

"Based on what we've experienced so far, Magna Quartz has reacted to something each time 'she' warped, but has anyone noticed that it's not very clear as to what those somethings are?" Jade stated, already trying to work a hypothesis out in his head, also keeping in mind that the large crystal was referred to as a female according to Crystal Snail.

"He's right. Back when Flynn and I found her in the cavern, she reacted to us simply being there. Flynn ended up here and I ended up in that strange dimension, where I met Snail." Rita added.

"After that, she reacted to something again and then I was warped to Yuri's world while Rita ended up in Jade's." Snail added.

"The most recent reaction brought myself and Rita here, and now we're all merrily caught up." Jade said with his usual playfully snide voice and shrugged. "I can't say I'm finding any kind of connection based on each scenario."

"It's a shame Magna Quartz couldn't just tell us what's on her mind." Someone said. Estelle and the others turned to see Yuri, Flynn, X and Zero approaching them.

"You guys doing okay now?" Yuri asked.

"Yes, sorry to worry you." Estelle replied.

"How is your wrist, Princess Estellise?" Flynn inquired, noting that she wasn't wearing any sort of splint for it.

"It's fine, really. The, um, nanomachines have taken care of the pain." She moved her wrist in a perfectly fluid way to demonstrate for everyone. "It's amazing really. My artes couldn't have healed it to this degree."

"Glad our world's technology was able to help you." X smiled.

"May I inquire as to what we should be doing now?" Jade asked.

"As this point, Magna Quartz is being analyzed by our experts, so we're basically just on high alert in case Hydra attacks again. With Crawfish by his side, there's no telling what those two will try to do." Zero pointed out to everyone, making it clear that the threat to Quartz was very real. If they lost her, they would never return home.

"Our opponents probably won't be attempting to try again too soon though. Given the damage we dealt to them previously, they are going to need to time to recover from their failure." Jade's analysis of the situation did bring a small sense of relief to the group. "However, that doesn't mean we should lower our guards either. We still need to anticipate when they will attack again."

"Colonel Curtiss is correct. The base will be keeping all channels open for the time being, but this is still Hunter business. We appreciate you helping us, but that doesn't mean you're confined to quarters here." Zero said.

"Please, call me Jade. I'm not used to people calling me by my family name." The Malkuth colonel countered politely.

"Um, would it be possible if I could go to the Raga Ski Resort? I'd like to see Mr. Buffalo and Toshihiko." Estelle asked at length.

"That shouldn't be a problem. How about everyone else?" X looked to the rest.

"I'd like to be with my beloved companion right now." Crystal Snail wasn't looking for approval at his comment, he was stating what he would be doing, without question. No one really saw fit to argue with his choice.

"If it pleases the analysts here, I would like to observe what they manage to find out about Magna Quartz." Jade adjusted his glasses again.

"Me too. I might as well." Rita added.

"Is there a place we can train?" Yuri asked. "Considering what happened during our last battle, we need to get stronger so we can deal with Tweedle Too Many and Shrimp Scampi better."

"Agreed. Our battle skills need improvement." Flynn agreed with his friend, knowing full well that a last second idea by Estelle and Snail was the only reason any of them were standing around to talk about a rematch.

"Good suggestion. Crawfish's new upgrades definitely make him far more formidable than he was when X fought him." Zero nodded. "We've got a training simulator that'll toughen you up."


[X and Zero, please report to the communications room. Incoming message from the Wildlife Preserve.]


"I wonder what that's about." X mused aloud. "Hope Neon Tiger isn't having some kind of trouble."

"Let's check it out. See you all later." The two Maverick Hunters departed, leaving the group to their own plans. A minute or two of silence passed between them. Even though Yuri, Estelle and Flynn had been through this before, it felt wholly different from the Portalstone incident for some reason. Rita had only been warped a few times in comparison to the trio's many trips, but she was already exhausted from how insane it all was to her.

"Ugh,
this
is why dimensions have boundaries separating them. This is all so crazy." Rita let out a loud sigh, breaking the silence.

"Come now, it's not all bad. You're learning about other worlds. As a researcher, you should find this a wonderful opportunity to gain new knowledge." Jade's witty and sly commentary was back in full force, taking the mage of Aspio by surprise, albeit irritatingly. His impish smile did little to alleviate her annoyance.

"And just what use would learning about another world's facets be when we return home?" Rita countered. "I mean, for starters, we don't have anywhere near the same level of technology in Terca Lumireis."

"I'm sure you could come up with something. There is no such thing as truly useless knowledge. My experience as a researcher has taught me that." The colonel adjusted his glasses again as he walked over to Crystal Snail. "Well then, shall we go see your friend now, Mr. Snail? I'm sure we've kept her waiting long enough."

The mollusk Reploid nodded without a word and the two exited the medical bay together, leaving a humbled Rita to trail soon after. Yuri, Flynn and Estelle looked at one another.

"Interesting to see someone who can put Rita in her place like that." Yuri joked.

"Right. Well, I'm going to see about getting to the ski resort." Estelle said.

"Shouldn't you go with her, Flynn?"

Before Flynn could answer, Estelle spoke up immediately. "Oh no, it's not necessary. Flynn, you should train with Yuri and get stronger. Really, I'll be fine." She stammered a little at the end of her sentence.

"If that's what you wish, Lady Estellise, I don't wish to intrude upon your personal matters. Besides, it is important for a knight to keep up his training." Flynn bowed and did the knights' salute. "However, I would like to catch up with you in due time when I'm finished."

"Indeed, I have no objections to that. If you'll excuse me..." Estelle took this moment to leave the medical bay too.

"Let's check in on that training simulator thing Zero was talking about." Yuri was about to take off, but Flynn stopped him for a moment. "Hm, what's up?"

"Yuri, any particular reason you were trying to get me to go with her?" His tone was serious.

"I'm just worried about what would happen if she got attacked by those psychos. I figured you'd be the best one to go with her."

"While that is true, what use will I be if I haven't stepped up my training? I can't just leave everything to you."

"Gee, thanks for the vote of confidence." Yuri let out an exasperated sigh.

"You're welcome." Flynn's own exasperation with his friend was made clear. "Now let's get to training. If their technology could help put us somewhere on X and Zero's level..."

"...then Tweedle Too Many would have plenty to worry about."


Communications Room...


"Neon Tiger, it's good to see you. Everything okay?" X asked, seeing the face of one who he knew as a trusted comrade. Back during the Doppler Incident, Tiger had come very close to death due to the insanity planted in his brain by Dr. Doppler, which ultimately led X to put him down, or so he had believed. However, a miracle that could only come from the harmony of nature and technology managed to spare the jungle protector from death's door. After that, Neon Tiger became an ally of the Maverick Hunters and had even directly aided X and Zero in their most life-threatening situation ever.

"It's a bit hard to put into words. I've got a couple of humans here who just suddenly appeared in a bright flash of light on the preserve. They claim they're from something called the Legacy. Since I've never heard of anything called that and the fact you two went dimension-hopping yourselves, I thought you might be the ones to consult." The tiger Reploid said.

"Really now? Could they be friends of Yuri and the others?" Zero asked. Tiger gestured for the two newcomers to stand in front of the console so that they could be seen.

"Sorry, I don't know any Yuri." The white-haired teen replied curtly as he stepped into view.

"Do you know someone named Jade then?" X suggested.

"We're not familiar with that name either." This came from the female of the duo.

"Then it's possible you're from yet another world we're not aware of."

"That would certainly be the case. We've never heard of this world you called Earth. Oh, my apologies. I'm Chloe Valens, a knight from the House of Valens where I come from."

"The name's Senel Coolidge, and I'm an Alliance Marine back home. Your friend here recommended we talk to you about our predicament. I know it's sudden, but could you help us?"

"It's true X and Zero have dealt with a similar matter like this before, but we really don't possess any means of sending you two home, at least not at the moment." Signas said, having heard everything as he walked in. Senel and Chloe's expressions reflected a slight hint of dismay.

"It's strange though. This isn't linked to Magna Quartz since she's currently being analyzed and hasn't done anything following her arrival here with Rita and Jade, so what caused that bright flash?" X mused aloud.

"At the moment, let's look into the matter regarding these two. Senel and Chloe, if you would like, we can look after you two here at our base until we figure out a means to help you. We actually have travelers from other worlds similar to yourselves, so you'll be in good company."

"We would greatly appreciate that, Commander Signas. Thank you." Chloe performed a knight's bow. Senel gave a salute, not forgetting his training either.

"Send out a transport to the Wildlife Preserve and escort them here safely."

"Yes sir!" One of the operators replied as she began speaking into her headset.

"By the way, X, I heard you mention Magna Quartz." Neon Tiger spoke up. "Isn't that the name of the defense unit that was used to guard the Energen Mine during the Second Maverick Outbreak?"

"Yes." X was hesitant to go into much more detail about it, as the whole subject was a bit too unsettling to go on about at present.

"So it's been rebuilt or something? I thought you destroyed it."

"It's complicated, Tiger. Let's just say some strange stuff is happening and leave it at that." Zero responded this time, hoping to keep the exchange short. Both he and X trusted Neon Tiger a great deal, but wondered if hearing about a dead Mechaniloid coming back to life in another world and transporting itself between dimensions would be something to start sharing so blithely among comrades.

"I understand. I'll have the two of them ready for pickup. Tiger out." The transmission ended there. The two Maverick Hunters looked at each other and X briefly wondered if maybe they should have explained a bit better.

"The fact of the matter is the whole situation itself isn't exactly clear to us, let alone our friends from across dimensions. If we start spreading this information around like it was normal, we could have a potential panic on our hands." Signas spoke up to assuage X's concerns. "I know you would trust him with anything, but we need to keep this under control for right now. If it comes to a point we need to bring Neon Tiger into this, we will."

"You're right, Commander." X nodded, internally realizing he'd rather not get too many folks involved in something that could possibly endanger their lives. Neon Tiger, along with Blast Hornet, Blizzard Buffalo, Volt Catfish and Tunnel Rhino, was someone whom the Maverick Hunter wanted to live in peace after everything he'd been through. Needlessly dragging him back into battle would not help.


Raga Ski Resort...


Estelle had arrived at the resort wearing some clothes a bit more appropriate for the cold weather. The resort's main center loaned her a coat that was just right for her, allowing her to enjoy the snow like everyone else. She had inquired about Blizzard Buffalo and Toshihiko at the front desk and was surprised to learn Buffalo was actually the resort's ice sculptor. Considering she had little time to speak with them previously, this was a good chance to get to know him and the human boy who meant so much to him better.


So he's an artist? That's amazing. He must make the most beautiful sculptures.
Estelle mused happily, hoping she would get to see some of Buffalo's work. As she walked through the ankle-high snow, her thoughts went back to when she, Yuri and Crystal Snail had arrived on Earth. She remembered something that the bison Reploid said and it made her wonder.


Toshihiko never gave up on me, even when I...lost control of myself and did horrible things. Even when I broke my promise to him, he was the only one who believed in me.


"I wonder what those horrible things were." Estelle spoke softly under her breath before looking ahead to see that Blizzard Buffalo was entertaining the kids with his latest ice sculpture of a mermaid sitting on a rock. Toshihiko was talking to the other kids while Buffalo was putting the finishing touches on the mermaid's tail. The Reploid took notice of the princess approaching.

"Ah, hello Princess Estellise, a pleasure to see you here again."

"A pleasure to see you again too, Mr. Buffalo." She bowed politely to him.

"Hey Big Sis!" Toshihiko waved as he went over to her. The other kids followed, wondering who this newcomer was.

"Hello, Toshihiko."

"Were you able to find your missing friends?" Buffalo walked over to where Estelle was observing the statue.

"Oh yes, thanks to both of you helping us out earlier. Thank you both so much."

"Aw shucks Big Sis, it was no big deal. Glad we could help." The young boy blushed as a silly grin went across his face. Some of the other kids teased him a little about him knowing such a pretty girl. A few of the boys were congratulating him, which caused him to blush beet red and to tell them to knock it off.

"So did you come up to the resort to have fun?" The Reploid took a look at his completed creation to make sure he hadn't missed any important details.

"Actually, I was hoping I could get a chance to talk to you." The princess smiled. "I'd like to get to know both of you better."

"That would be nice. I just finished my sculpture, so I have some time."

"Me too! Let's talk over by the snowmen!" Toshihiko eagerly took Estelle's hand with a big happy grin on his face and guided her over to a big snowfield near the trees. The princess was quite enamored with how incredibly beautiful the vast snow-covered area was as well as its "inhabitants"; there were literally dozens of snowmen littered about the field, all with various expressions on their faces.

"All the kids made these for Big Bro. Me too." Toshihiko pointed to one particular batch of snowmen in the center, looking quite proud of himself as he rubbed his mittened finger under his nose.

"These are all so cute! What was the occasion?" Estelle asked curiously.

"Well it was..." The boy suddenly felt a bit choked up. He wasn't entirely sure how to explain it since it suddenly brought back some rather unpleasant memories. Buffalo could clearly see his discomfort and spoke for him instead.

"These snowmen here were made for me by Toshihiko...in order to reach out to my heart, when I did something truly unforgivable to him and the town." He lowered his head as if in shame.

"Truly...unforgivable?" The cold winds suddenly picked up, and howled almost hauntingly as Estelle repeated the bison Reploid's words with an alarmed look on her face.


To be continued...


*Senel and Chloe of
Tales of Legendia
have joined the story! It might seem a bit soon to be tossing in another set of heroes into the mix, but trust me: it's going to lead somewhere.

*Senel's costume was just a tad difficult to describe. If you've never played
Tales of Legendia
, you should look up his artwork and see why. He certainly gets points for having the oddest fashion sense of any main protagonist, though the credit goes to the game's character designer, Kazuto Nakazawa of
Samurai Champloo
fame, for dressing him up like that.

*Like Blizzard Buffalo, Neon Tiger did not die in the
Rockman X3
manga. Remember I stated previously that nearly all the bosses of
Mega Man X3
became X and Zero's allies in the manga.

*Did you recognize the Tales line I used in the story? It's one of my personal favorites.

>