

Wow, okay, I know. I should not be starting another story. Not when I'm in the middle of my major rewrite for A New Perspective, and not since A Ghost of a Chance is pretty much in ruins because I accidentally lost interest. ^.^'
Buuut, Quinn Recluse and I hit a snag in the story we're co-writing for Tales of Vesperia, and we both need a breather before we continue and start posting chapters. So, this is a little exercise for me in first person, and something I've been wanting to write for a while now.
Just so ya know, this story takes place during the Diamond and Pearl arc. I'm going to make a really big assumption here, and guess that you all know what the series characters and pokémon look like. Partially because I'm lazy, partially because you really should just know if you're into this fandom. I think that's it for now, but if you have any questions, feel free to ask!


Chapter One


"Yeah Professor Rowan, I'm in Jubilife City right now. Ralts is with Nurse Joy, but as soon as he's ready, we're gonna head out."
He only sighed. "I gave you more than three weeks off, are you sure you want to come back already? It's been hardly a week."
"But there's work to be done," I protested. "You said so yourself. The evolution research, and don't you have a new trainer coming in soon?"
"Ah, yes, Dawn. As a matter of fact, she left here not too long ago."
"What? Now way, I thought she was coming later today. I wanted to meet her," I pouted. "What a bummer..."
"Yes, well," interjected the Professor, "I just received a call from her as well. It appears she found a lost Pikachu while traveling in your direction. Should you see her, please be sure that they are getting on alright, would you? I sent the Pikachu's trainer after her."
"Of course, sir!" That poor trainer must be sick with worry. I know I would be if I ever lost any of my pokémon. "Who's the trainer, anyone I'd know?"
"No, this is a boy from the Kanto Region. His name is Ash. He only just arrived, and is on a quest to win the Sinnoh Leauge. Maybe you could-"
"So which pokémon did Dawn choose as her partner?" I interrupted quickly, not wanting to start the old argument. I was curious too. I loved it when new trainers met their pokémon for the first time. It opens up the door to a whole new world for them, one that's just waiting to be explored.
"She chose a Piplup, and a rather proud one at that. I do believe those two will make a good pair," he finished with a chuckle. "Yet another young person beginning their pokémon journey."
He paused, eyeing me carefully. "Cora-"
"Professor, please," I interrupted as I stared at the ceiling. "Not this again."
"You're a brilliant young trainer, not to mention coordinator, and you should be out exploring the world! As much as I love having you as an assistant, you're far to young to spend all of your time cooped up in this lab!" The professor was adamant.
"I know that your pokémon enjoy the thrill of a good battle, and I do believe that you are making a mistake by working in the lab all the time, and keeping them from becoming stronger."
I was quiet, still refusing to look at him. The professor and I had this conversation constantly, and neither of us ever budged an inch. I wanted to study pokémon, which required being in his lab on a daily basis. Professor Rowan, on the other hand, wanted me to go on my own journey through Sinnoh.
"I gave you this break so that you could spend time with your brother, as well as your pokémon. I just wish that you would use it," he sighed.
Angrily, I crossed my arms and swung my icy gaze to his picture on the monitor. "But it's not like we didn't do anything fun, Professor. I'll have you know that Ralts and I competed in the Halliday Town Pokémon Contest and won our second ribbon!" I stated hotly. Taking a deep breath, I sighed, and uncrossed my arms.
"Besides, my brother was busy, and he didn't exactly have a lot of free time to spend with me," I admitted glumly.
"Yes, well, I suppose being a gym leader does have its drawbacks," the professor mused, and I knew that the scolding had ended.
"Obviously," I scoffed. "Anyway, is there anything you need me to grab for you while I'm out here?"
Professor Rowan only smiled, and shook his head. "Not this time, thank you."
"Coraline, your pokémon are all healed up and ready to go!" came the perky voice of Nurse Joy over the Pokémon Center speakers.
"Well Professor, that's my cue." I stood as I spoke, slinging my backpack over my shoulder.
"Have a safe journey home, Cora," he replied with a wave.
I grinned before returning the gesture. "I'll see you at the lab soon."
I turned the computer off as soon as the call had ended, then made my way to the front counter where Nurse joy had my pokémon. Her Chansey stood by her side, and was having a soft conversation with the white and green pokémon that stood on the counter.
"There you are Cora! Ralts is feeling much better now!" Nurse Joy spoke enthusiastically while giving me a short bow.
Ralts, my pokémon, cried out happily before launching his little white body into my arms. Laughing, I caught him and swung him in a circle before hugging him tightly.
"Ral," he smiled. "Ral, Ralts!" And with that, he wrapped his short arms around my neck.
"Be sure to stop by again if you should ever need our assistance!"
"We sure will, Nurse Joy! Thank you for everything," I said with a nod. Ralts echoed the sentiment, and with a wave to Chansey, we exited the building.
"Well Ralts, it's time for us to hit the road again," I exclaimed as he found a comfortable spot on my shoulder. "The next time we stop, we'll be back home in Sandgem Town!"
"Raall!" he cheered, pumping his fist in the air. Giggling, I brushed my bangs out of my eyes before setting off down Route 202.
It was really a beautiful morning. The sun was shining brilliantly, and the colors of the various wildflowers that decorated the side of the dirt road were vibrant in its light. A flock of Starly flew overhead, their calls adding to the sweet soundtrack that only plays when you walk through nature.
I sighed happily, then turned to face my partner with a serious look. "Ya know Ralts, I've been thinking."
"Ralts?" He looked at me curiously before a mischievous grin slid into place. I rolled my eyes. "Yes, I'm capable of thinking, thank you very much. In fact, I was thinking about that contest ribbon we just won."
Ralts jumped from my shoulder, landing on the road in front of me. He twirled like a ballerina before striking a pose. Laughing, I crouched down to his level. I placed my hand on his head, rubbing the spot to the left of his rounded horn that he loved.
"Yes, you were wonderful Ralts. The star of the show, no doubt," I hummed. He jumped up and down in reply, happily shouting his name.
I shook my head and continued walking. He followed after me, skipping every now and then.
"As I was saying, we need to come up with a new performance for the appeals round. I love your current routine, but that alone can only get us so far."
I glanced down at him, and caught a rare look into his curious red eyes. It was a shame that they were always covered up, they were really something else. I watched as he then gathered himself and jumped up, arms outstretched.
I caught him easily, cradling him in my arms. I could feel him humming with content, and I grinned at him.
"I guess we can figure something out when we get home. It'll probably be a while before we get the chance to compete again, so we have loads if time."
Ralts sighed, then started whining.
"I know, I know, stop complaining," I huffed. "But competing in contests and battling gyms come after my job as an assistant, remember? Mom and Dad insisted that I take this job, and I really don't wanna let them down."
He crossed his arms, still unhappy.
I sighed again. "Besides, you know what the other assistants are like. If the professor's ever not there, I'm sure they'd destroy the lab on accident."
"Ral," he finally agreed. Slowly, he made his way back to his original position on my shoulder.
"Gosh, you just can't sit still, can you?" I feigned annoyance.
"Ralts Ral!" He exclaimed, no trace of remorse on his smirking face.
I cast him a sidelong glance before smirking right back. "Ya know, I should make you walk for a change."
I paused as I dug into one of the side pouches of my backpack. "Or worse," I threatened, pulling out a pokéball.
With a squeal, Ralts hopped off of my shoulder and started sprinting down he road. I laughed, and started running after him, pokéball in hand, still threatening to return him. It was a perfect day, and it seemed like nothing could go wrong.
Of course, that's when we saw the light.
The two of us stopped dead in our tracks. From over the tree line we witnessed an incredible display of electric power, and a startled flock of Starly was rushing away from the scene, crying out frantically as they went. I felt the weight of my pokémon settle back onto my shoulder, and heard his soft "Ralts?"
"I don't know what that was," I replied truthfully. Determined, I turned to face him. "But we're definitely gonna go find out."
He nodded, and we left the road and began the trek through the woods to the source if the commotion.
A dozen situations started playing through my head. Maybe some people were having a battle, and it got a bit out of hand? That seemed like the most logical explanation, but then again, strange things always happen here in Sinnoh.
My over-active imagination decided to take the reins then. Shaking my head to clear the wild thoughts of crashing planes and legendary pokémon, I lengthened my strides. I wanted to figure out what happened as soon as possible to put my restless mind at ease.
Shortly thereafter, Ralts and I came across a small clearing. In the center of the space was a huge orange robot, a purple 'R' painted on its body. I gaped. A robot? Really? I could see a small yellow pokémon for my in the grasp of one of the robot's hands, a constant stream of electricity coming from its writhing form. Was that a Pikachu?
A girl with dark blue hair was frantically dodging the contraption's other arms, the ones that were attacking her, and what I could only guess was her Piplup was doing the same by her side.
"Wait a second," I whispered, the gears in my head turning. I thought back to my conversation with Professor Rowan. The Piplup, the Pikachu...
"No way," I realized with a start. "Ralts, that's Dawn! She's one of the professor's new trainers! We have to go help!"
Not that we wouldn't have helped regardless, but the fact that the professor asked me to look out for her made the situation that much more urgent.
"Ralts, let's go!" I commanded as I ran into the clearing. He sprang from his perch, landing easily on the ground and sliding into a battle stance.
"Use Psyhic on the arms attacking Dawn!"
"Raaaalts!" he cried as he lifted his arms. The mechanical limbs were slowly encased in a glowing blue light, and suddenly stopped moving. Dawn and Piplup looked around, confused, and I could hear voices shouting from inside the robot. There were people in there?
"Dawn, come on!" I called out, motioning for her to run. She scooped up her pokémon, and rushed out of harms way. With a huff, Ralts dropped his hold on the machine, and the limbs tumbled to the ground, landing haphazardly in a pile of tangled metal.
"Ralts," my pokémon said with a nod, his hands on his hips as he admired his handiwork.
"Thank you Ralts, that was awesome," I praised with a grin before turning to the panting girl beside me. "Hi Dawn, I'm Cora, one of Professor Rowan's assistants."
She nodded, a tired smile on her face. "It's nice to meet you. This is my new partner, Piplup."
"Pip-lup!" the penguin pokémon waved.
"Thanks so much for getting us out of that just now," she said quickly.
"Yeah, what's with the metal monster?" I asked, eyebrow raised and thumb pointing at the robot still holding the electric mouse.
"It's Team Rocket," she explained with malice in her eyes. "They're trying to steal this poor Pikachu! Oh, and I was supposed to keep it safe for its trainer!" She was getting frantic.
Gently, I placed my hand on her forearm. "Let Ralts and I handle this then," I soothed her. "Ralts, you ready?"
"Ral!"
My mouth was set in a firm line as I flicked my long braid over my shoulder. There was no place in this world for people who do terrible deeds like stealing the pokémon of others. It's just awful to think that some people had cold enough hearts to do such a thing.
Before we even got the chance to attack the thing, two boys rushed into the clearing, the first calling out for Pikachu. A Starly was circling just above his head, and an Aipom stood battle ready in front of him, glaring viscously at the robot.
"Ash, don't do anything crazy," warned the second, reaching out to try and calm his friend.
"They have Pikachu!" he yelled back angrily.
"My my, this is your lucky day twerps," sounded a new, feminine voice. Looking away from the two newcomers, I saw a platform rise up from the head of the machine. Two adults and a Meowth stood upon it, hands on their hips.
The two humans wore similar outfits, both in white and sporting the same 'R' that was painted on their robot. The woman had shockingly long and bright hair, and it looked... magenta maybe? in the current sunlight.
"You get to hear the brilliance of the new Team Rocket motto!" cheered the man. His hair was a more subdued lavender color. What was with these people's hair?
"Do we have to?" Groaned Ash. His hands were in tight fists, and it was obvious that he only wanted his Pikachu back.
"Listen! Is that a voice I hear?" Called the woman in response.
"It's speaking to me loud and clear," answered the man.
"Floating on the wind!"
"Past the stars!"
"In your ear!" chimed the Meowth.
"It can talk?" I gasped. There's something you don't see every day.
"Bringing chaos at a breakneck pace," continued the woman.
"Dashing hope, putting fear in its place!" the man echoed.
"A rose by any other name's just as sweet."
"When everything's worse, our work is complete!"
"Jessie," she introduced herself with a bow.
"And it's James," he said through the rose in his mouth. Wait, when did he get that?
"Meowth's the name!"
"Putting the do-gooders in their places," sang Jessie.
"'Cause we're Team Rocket!" cheered James.
"And we're in your faces!" They cried simultaneously, posing as the spoke.
I blinked a few times before I turned my confused gaze to Dawn, a question on my tongue. She only shrugged with a forced smile.
"No, Ash!"
That was his friend calling! I whipped my head back around, only to find the boy on top of one of the robot's arms, climbing steadily towards his pokémon. I turned my back for all of two seconds, how did he get up there?
The arms that had previously been in a heap on the ground suddenly sprang to life, and shot towards the boy.
"No!" I cried. "Ralts, use Psychic again!"
I sighed when their movement halted under the blue light of my pokémon's attack. "Thanks Ralts."
"Ral Ralts!" he cheered as he pumped his fist. Unfortunately, he was still holding onto the mechanical arms, and brought them crashing into the body of the robot.
"... Ral?" he said sheepishly, letting go with his powers and taking a guilty step back.
Sparks were flying from the gaping hole in the machine, and the entire thing began to tremble as smoke started pouring out. Team Rocket was running in frantic circles on their platform, crying out in panic.
"This whole thing's gonna blow!" called Ash's friend. He appeared behind us, and started tugging at Dawn and my arms. "We've gotta get back!"
Turning, I collected Ralts in my arms and made my way toward the cover of the trees where Dawn and the boy were already standing.
"But Ash and Pikachu," I breathed, worriedly tossing a glance over my shoulder. If that thing was going to explode, they were in big trouble.
The black smoke started to fill the air faster than before, thicker and heavier too. Dawn was yelling at me to get down, but I could only stand and watch in horror as the entire thing crumpled to the ground. Through the haze, I could see Ash falling as well, his pokémon safe in his arms.
"Alright Ralts, quick! Psychic!" I commanded, pointing to the boy. "Bring them down gently, please."
My pokémon did just that, and the boy from Kanto sighed as his feet landed on the solid earth.
"Pika Pi!" cried the Pikachu as it hugged it's trainer fiercely. The Starly and Aipom from before made their way over to the two, cheering their names as they went. As Ash introduced them to each other, I hugged my own pokémon tighter to my chest.
"You were wonderful Ralts," I cooed. "Thank you so much for all of your help."
He rubbed his hand on my cheek with a smile before he wriggled out of my grip and resumed his seat on my shoulder. Grinning, I patted his head and turned my attention back to the others.

"You saved me and my Pikachu," Ash was saying. "Thanks so much! My name is Ash Ketchum. I'm from Pallet Town in Kanto, and it's really great to meet you."

"And my name is Brock," waved the other boy. "I'm from Kanto too."

"Well hi there, my name is Dawn," the other girl introduced herself. "I'm from Twinleaf Town, not far from here."

I guess it was my turn. "I'm Cora, and this is my partner, Ralts. You can thank him for destroying that robot and almost crushing you under the rubble," I commented drily.

Ralts crossed his arms and immediately started protesting. I hid a laugh behind my hand and turned back to Ash. "It's nice to meet you, and I'm glad that you and Pikachu are alright."

"Yeah," Ash said, rubbing Pikahu's head. "I don't know what I would've done without you and Dawn. See, Pikachu's my very best buddy, and I could never travel without him."

"Mmm, it's obvious you two have quite a bond there," I hummed. The mouse pokémon was now sitting on Ash's head, batting at Starly as it flew around its trainer's head.

"So what do we do now?" asked Dawn. Piplup was sitting on the ground with Aipom, picking at the grass an letting it fly away in the wind.

"Well we should probably head back to Professor Rowan's lab," Brock thought aloud. "It would be irresponsible to leave this mess without telling somebody about it."

"Yeah," agreed Dawn. "It could be dangerous for the wild pokémon who live in this forest."

Ash recalled Starly and Aipom, and nodded. "Then let's get going!"

Everyone nodded, and looked around the clearing. I could hear the Kricketot chirping in the following silence. Why wasn't anyone moving?

I rolled my eyes once I understood. "None of you know the way back to the lab, do you."

Sighing at their blank looks, I started walking in the direction of Route 202. "Follow me then, guys," I called over my shoulder with a wink. "It's actually not too far away!"


Well I guess that's that for now! I have the next chapter written, but I think I gonna wait to post it until I hear the response to this chapter, and until I have the one after that finished. Huh. Nevermind, tell me what you think! I'd love to hear your feedback!

Lots of love! -black angel's wing

























































































































>