

Azalea sent Scott, and the rest of the pack to Mexico to find Derek while she tried to keep Juno from noticing too much that her daddy was gone, which was proving to be more difficult than she thought. The baby was almost four months old now, she was becoming more aware of her surroundings and add that in with the fact that Derek is almost positive that she's getting more
werewolf
traits every day, she knows when Derek's not there, and that means that for the almost four days that the pack was gone trying to
find
Derek, Juno was a nightmare.

…

"Shhh," Azalea hushed bouncing Juno gently while she paced around the loft with the little girl in her arms, trying to calm the crying baby while praying to hear something about Derek soon, Juno had been crying almost nonstop since she had woken up that night that Azalea came home and found Derek gone, and realized that daddy wasn't there.

Azalea was close to tears herself at this point, Juno just wanted her daddy back and what kind of mother can't get her own baby to stop crying on her own? She wanted Derek back too. "Shhh, come on JuJu
please
stop crying, mommy is trying okay. Mommy is trying really hard to keep you happy while we wait for daddy to get back, but we have to work together okay?"

Azalea coed quietly, she did this all the time, talked to Juno like she was a full grown person and Derek laughed at her for it but Azalea knew that she could somewhat understand what she was trying to say.

And she was once again reassured on this when Juno seemed to listen, her crying started to stop and she took a deep shuttering little breath to get herself under control. Azalea sat down on the couch pulling her legs up, and leaning Juno against them she held her tiny fist in her hands to keep her balanced while she talked to her.

Juno was staring at her with big wet green eyes, and a wobbling bottom lip but she was trying hard not to cry for her mommy, and Azalea felt her heart swell and break at the same time. She blinked away the tears threatening to come and instead smiled at her beautiful daughter. She gently moved her to lay on her chest, and kissed her soft black curls, running a soothing hand up and down her tiny back.

"Thanks, JuJubee." Azalea whispered rocking her softly.

…

The next time Azalea woke up, she was still laying on the couch with Juno securely wrapped in her arms, sleeping on her chest. Her phone was vibrating on the coffee table and she quickly grabbed it, being careful not to wake the sleeping baby she whispered when she talked.

"Scott? What happened did you find him?"

Scott hesitated on the other end of the line and her worry grew, it was a fully seven seconds before he finally answered her question, "Um, kind of."

Azalea frowned tightening her hold on her daughter so she could sit up straight and not wake her, "What do you mean
kind of
?"

"Just meet us at the animal clinic."

...

It was raining when Stiles, Scott and Lydia, meet up with Azalea and Deaton at the Animal Clinic. They had brought in the newly regressed and unconscious Derek and had set him on the examination table, "Wow." Deaton said when he actually got a look at Derek's condition. Azalea was staring in pure unadulterated shock and Lydia was actually starting to worry.

"Wow? Wow as in, "I've seen this before and I know exactly what to do," kind of wow?" Stiles asked him, "Because that's the kind of wow we were hoping for."

"I think you might be
over
estimating my abilities." Deaton told him as he started to exam the young Derek.

"Well somebody has to do
something!
" Azalea snapped drawing the attention momentarily away from Derek and onto her, "I have a four-month old baby at home who won't stop crying because she wants her
daddy
who in case you haven't noticed is now
fifteen!
"

Zales where is Junebug?" Stiles asked easing away some of her worry just a tad with the cute nickname.

She sighed pitching the bridge of her nose, "She's with my uncle, I dropped her off on the way here."

She shook her head reaching out to take hold of one of his hands. She frowned running her thumb over the back of his knuckles, "You guys he's cold." She told them, "
Really
cold."

"Do you think this is permanent?" Scott asked as he too looked over the unconscious boy.

"I'm not sure a
medical
diagnosis is even adequate." Deaton said as he was still in awe about Derek's condition, "This is well
beyond
my experience."

"So what do we do with him?" Scott asked.

"Until he wakes up. Probably not much." This time he looked over at Azalea, "It might be best to leave him with me. He'll be safe here."

"You mean from Kate?" Azalea questioned, the furry at the mere thought of the women making her eyes blacken slightly.

"You really think she'll come for him?" Lydia asked.

"If she's alive and she is what you say she is, she won't be able to walk past that gate." Deaton assured but he could tell that wasn't a good enough answer for any of them.

"Why would she want to do this to him?" Scott asked.

"Knowing Kate, it's probably for a reason that won't be any good for anyone but her." Azalea snarled tightening her grip on Derek's hand.

Stiles made a scoffing sound, "And bad for everyone else." He stated, "Just what we need another Peter."

"You guys should probably go home." Deaton advised them, "He doesn't look to be in any danger. So maybe the rest of you should get some sleep?"

They all looked at Deaton in question, "It is a school night…and you all need to start taking care of your own lives again."

"Someone should stay with you." Scott reasoned to the vet.

At the sound of Scott's statement, Azalea tightened her grip further, "I'll stay." She stated causing all pairs of eyes to give her a look.

"Ace…you have to go home Juno needs you." Stiles said softly patting her arm.

She blinked sinking in on herself, "You're right, I'm sorry of course you're right."

Lydia frowned at her friend walking forward she gently took Azalea's hand away and replaced it with her own, "I'll stay. My grades are find besides I'd only be missing a few classes."

"I'm not okay with this." Stiles argued and Scott sighed grabbing him by the back of the collar, "Call us if anything changes." Scott told them as he pulled stiles out of the room and Azalea pressed a kiss to Derek's clammy forehead before reluctantly following them out.

…

The next day Azalea didn't get a call until Derek had been
arrested
not when he woke up like they had agreed, no they waited until he had been to his
burnt down
family home and
assaulted
by deputy asshole to finally call the mother of his child who then had to come down to the
police station
with his four-month old child, that he wasn't even going to
remember.



Yeah.
To say Azalea Winchester was pissed would be an understatement.

…

In his office, the Sheriff looked terrified, "I want you to be honest with me." He told Scott and Stiles, "Absolutely and completely honest." Scott nodded in agreement while Stiles made a half attempt gesture of agreeing, "Have you been
time traveling?"


"Hang on, what?" Stiles asked completely at a loss.

"Because if time traveling is real, you know what? I'm don't. I'm out." The sheriff ranted to them, "You're going to be driving
me
to Eichen house."

"Dad, no we found him like that." Stiles told him.

"Where?" The Sheriff asked leaning away from his desk so he could whisper yell at them, "Swimming in the
fountain of youth?"


"No." Stiles answered easily. "We found him buried…" He rubbed the back of his neck nervously, "In a tomb of wolfsbane…in an Aztec temple." He shared carefully as he watched his fathers facial expression, "In Mexico underneath a church…in the middle of a town that was destroyed…by an earthquake."

A few silent moments passed.. "You told me you were
camping!
" The Sheriff exclaimed incredulously.

"Yeah, we were…." Stiles admitted, "In Mexico."

"Derek's been aged backwards. He can't remember anything." Scott explained to the Sheriff, "We just need to talk to him."

"Yeah, well, so far he's not talking to anybody." The Sheriff said with a tired sigh.

"I bet he'll talk to her." Scott said nodding his head out toward the window of the Sheriffs office where they could see Azalea walk into the station with Juno on her hip.

…

"Why would I go anywhere with you?" Derek asked Scott looking at him and Stiles warily while his eye's kept finding Azalea and Juno from where she was pacing in front of the door, Derek didn't know why but the women didn't seem to want to look at him and he couldn't look away from her or the baby.

"There was an accident." Scott explained to him, while Stiles stood by and watched Azalea's reactions, "You lost some memory, but we can help you get it back."

"How much memory?" Derek questioned.

"A lot." Scott told him as he kneeled to Derek's level, "But you can trust us." Scott flashed him his Alpha red eyes.

"You're an Alpha." Derek noticed, but he still wasn't convinced as he continued questioning, "Okay, who are you?" And then Derek switched his attention to the rest of the room, "and who are they?"

"I'm Scott, that's Stiles." Scott said trying avoid answering who Azalea and Juno were.

"And what about them?" Derek said his eyes now openly glued to the pair.

Scott hesitated for a minute before answering, "That's Azalea..and the little one's Juno."

"Let us help you." Scott pressed to Derek, before he could ask more questions.

"No."

Azalea sighed, she passed Juno over to Stiles who took his God-daughter easily and stood in front of teenage Derek with her hands on her jean clad hips, "Get up."

Derek blinked at her with wide eyes not sure why his heart was beating in his throat, "What."

"
Get up."
She demanded letting the black leak into her irises and this time he didn't hesitate to follow her out of the station while Scott and Stiles rolled their eyes and followed, Juno giggling at the two from her place in Stiles' arms.

…

It was now dark when Stiles and Azalea arrived at the McCall residence, with Juno and Derek, "We're going to wait here for Scott." He told him in a business tone, "We're going to sit quietly. We're not going to call or talk to anyone."

"Do I talk to you?" Derek asked as they walked through the living room and Azalea rolled her eyes at them setting down Juno's car seat and raised the fussy infant out of it.

"I'd rather you didn't."

"Fine," Derek snapped obviously annoyed with him, "Who's going to talk to him?" He asked titling his chin toward the kitchen.

Right inside said kitchen stood Agent McCall with a bag of some take-out, "Are you getting taller?" Stiles squeaked, jumping when he caught sight of the Agent.

"What are you guys doing here?" Agent McCall asked the group raising his brow when he noticed Azalea and Juno were also there.

"We're waiting for Scott," Derek told him with a friendly smile.

"Yeah, so am I. We're supposed to have dinner." Agent McCall told them as he set the food down on the kitchen table, "I brought extra. You guys hungry?"

"Yeah."

"No." Stiles answered at the exact time Derek answered, "We're not hungry," He told the Agent.

"No, I'm starving." Derek claimed, looking at him.

Azalea snorted rolling her eyes.

"Neither of us are hungry." He said completely contradicting everything Derek was saying, "Thanks, though."

"Okay, well if you're not hungry, Stiles," Agent McCall said to him, "Your friend can still eat with us, and I haven't been around in a while but I assume Chinese is still Azalea's favorite?"

Azalea smiles tightly at him giving a nod, "Thank you," She said reluctantly.

Agent McCall nodded, "What's your name?" He asked Derek.

"Miguel." Stiles answered quickly before Derek could which earn him a look from said werewolf, "My cousin Miguel…" He trailed off before tossing an awkward arm over his shoulders, "From Mexico."

Azalea choked on a laugh which then caused Juno to crack up and kick her little feet reaching out for Stiles which caused Azalea to laugh even harder. "Uncle Stiles is funny isn't he JuJu?"

Even Agent McCall chuckled not knowing what made the baby laugh but still finding it endearing, "Fantastic, Egg roll?"

"Hell, yeah." Derek said with a smile and Stiles sighed, grabbing Juno from Azalea and blowing a raspberry onto her cheek.

"Egg roll!" He said with a fake laugh.

…

After a very awkward dinner which led Derek to finding out the truth about the Hale fire, they cornered him in Scott's room to which he then slammed Stiles against the wall and demanded he speak to Scott, so that led to Stiles leaving to go call him and Azalea being left alone with Derek.

She was sitting on Scott bed playing with Juno while Derek watched them from his desk a weird feeling building in his chest while he watched the small infant.

Azalea sensed him looking and glanced up at him, she smiled picking up the baby and walking over to where he was sitting in the desk chair. "You want to hold her?"

Derek hesitated for a minute and Azalea thought he would say no until he carefully held out his arms and let her set the tiny girl in his waiting hands. Juno studied him for a minute before kicking her feet excitedly and blowing spit bubbles at him.

Derek grinned excitedly pleased that the little girl seemed to like him and Azalea felt her heart break a little bit, which is why she was relieved when Juno started to cry a few minutes later and she noticed it was time for her bottle.

She gently took her from Derek ignoring the fact that he usually gave her the last bottle before she went to bed so he could rock her to sleep, "I'm going to go make her a bottle."

Derek nodded at her with a frown watching her walk out of the room.

"Stay here."

…

Stiles was walking back to the room with Scott on the phone, "No, he's in your bedroom. He'll be totally fine. I didn't tell him…." He spoke making his way down the hall, "to be honest, this one has more anger issues than Derek did when we met him. So, if you actually think that Kate's coming to find him.."

In that exact moment, Stiles sees Kate slip out of the window with Derek.

"You might be right."

>