


Hiya! Just thought, what would happen if McCoy stopped his snarkiness and other behaviors that made him... McCoy? A lot of bad things would happen...



Don't know how much of this story is going to be real, serious plot or how much is going to be humorous. Guess we'll see. I don't own Star Trek, enjoy!



The day the change happened,
everybody
noticed.

McCoy was up on the bridge, as usual, to show Kirk a sample of the unique animal/plant they had found on the planet below. Since the captain had been unable to leave the bridge to come to one of the labs, McCoy gave his report to him in person with the sample to help with the description. It was thorough and intriguing, and he requested permission to beam back down to the planet to collect more specimens.

Nothing unusual so far.

The odd part came when he approached Spock at his science station. "Mr. Spock," he said. "Since the duties of a science officer include heading, or at least overseeing, all scientific investigations, will you be beaming down as well?"

It earned a few odd looks. Spock raised an eyebrow in something that was definitely
not
surprise. But it simply wasn't like McCoy to ask Spock permission… or to oversee his venture.

"Negative, Doctor," Spock replied. "I am not needed on an excursion to study plant life- however animalistic it may be."

McCoy nodded curtly. "Very well." He held out a tape. "Here is the list of people I have in mind to make up the landing party."

Spock took the data tape hesitantly. "May I ask," he said slowly. "Why you are handing it to me?"

McCoy didn't even blink. "Regulations state that all scientific landing party personnel should be cleared through the science officer."


That
turned heads. Kirk furrowed his brow in confusion and swiveled his chair to watch the proceedings. Spock gave McCoy an odd look before setting the tape in the computer. He quickly read over the list and returned the data tape back to McCoy.

"The personnel chosen are all approved," Spock said. Then, out on a limb, "though this probably marks the first time you have asked me to check any decision of yours."

McCoy uncharacteristically did not rise to the bait. "Thank you, Mr. Spock," he said upon receiving the tape. "Good day."

And he turned and walked off the bridge.

Several glances were tossed among the crewmembers. Kirk got out of the chair and walked over to Spock, leaning on the red rail. "That was quite unusual for our good doctor," he murmured.

"Indeed," Spock said, still staring at the turbolift doors. "I am… somewhat at a loss to explain the behavior."

"Yes…" Kirk trailed. The two men glanced at each other. "Well," Kirk said, a bit more lightly. "Maybe it's just a mood."

"Perhaps," Spock replied. Kirk returned to his chair and no one else thought of it… though at the same time no one could deny a faint feeling of uneasiness.

It had to just be a mood.


The 'mood' lasted for 5 more days.

McCoy was never icy or rude; he still exuded the same compassionate manner he always did, though it seemed muted somehow. Tarnished by rank and formality. While several others were also by-the-book, the behavior from McCoy was unnerving… sometimes downright creepy.

Kirk finally decided enough was enough. On the night of the sixth day, armed with the hypothesis that something was bothering the doctor, he walked over to McCoy's quarters with a bottle of Saurian brandy in hand as the doctor had done for him so many times before. Maybe with a little luck and alcoholic persuasion, he could learn what news had sent McCoy into this… state. He pressed the buzzer.

"Enter."

The doors swished open and Kirk walked in. McCoy was seated at his desk, working on a PADD. He stood up when he saw Kirk and clasped his hands behind his back.

"Something I can do for you, Captain?"

Kirk waved off the title. "It's Jim. And there's something
I
can do for you."

"Oh?" McCoy raised an eyebrow.

Kirk held up the bottle he'd been hiding behind his back. "75 years old and never opened. I'd say it's a good time to crack open this stuff and see what it's made of." He took out the glasses McCoy kept in a drawer and set them on the table. "Let's see if a taste of this will knock us flat on our backs, eh, Bones?"

He felt a restraining hand on his arm as he went to open the bottle. He met McCoy's eyes.

"Captain, real alcohol is not permitted for personnel who may be called into duty at any given notice. Mainly, the captain and Chief Medical Officer. If you drink some, I'll have to place you on report."

Kirk thought he misheard. When he confirmed that his ears were working correctly and that he'd been staring like a dumb cow for several moments, he opened his mouth to speak. "You, Bones? Turning down liquor?" He couldn't believe it. Wait, what was the part about reporting him? "You wouldn't do something like that." He moved to open the bottle.

"Captain," McCoy said, a hard edge creeping into his tone. "If you're really desperate for a drink, then find a way to coax synthehol from the Officer's Mess. Otherwise, as Chief Medical Officer, I'll put you on report. This is my only warning; technically you should be reported for even
having
real alcohol."

"Really, Bones?" Kirk said, more than shocked. "What about you? What about all your stashes?"

He didn't like the cool, odd look McCoy gave him. "What stashes?"

Oh, something was not right.

More than a little disturbed, Kirk quickly started opening cabinets and drawers where he knew McCoy kept his 'medicine'. His search grew more frantic as he kept coming up empty. "No, no, no… where is it all?" He glanced over his shoulder. "How did-?"

"Captain," McCoy said sternly. "You must cease this unauthorized search. I'm already overlooking the brandy, but I
will
mark you down for searching a crewman's quarters without cause."

Kirk whirled and faced McCoy. The man just stared back at him, not breaking eye contact. There was a long standoff. Kirk spoke first.

"Who are you and what have you done with my CMO?"

"I'm still me," McCoy said. "Now Captain, unless you have some business to discuss, I must return to my paper." He indicated the PADD.

Kirk eyed him skeptically. "You're off-duty," he said.

"I still have paperwork," McCoy replied. "It never rests, you know?"

Thrown off-guard at the light comment, Kirk backed away slowly. He grabbed his bottle of brandy and walked to the door. When he turned around, McCoy was still standing, more or less at attention. Shaking his head and wondering what just happened, Kirk exited the room.

McCoy, for his part, just sat back down and resumed his paper on the planet's animal-plants… just like he said.



Have we entered the Twilight Zone? I would love it if you'll review, please! Some shenanigans ahead!


>