



Thanks y'all, for the AWESOME reviews! I'm really, really, happy that you liked this!


But, all good things must end. Besides, I've got to continue with 'Two Survivors' (this has been keeping me away from that). Anyways, thank you all for your support and reviews!



Kirk and Spock waited as McCoy materialized on the transporter pad. The doctor had his arms crossed and was scowling. His blue eyes glared out from under his brown and for a moment they thought that something had gone wrong.

Then McCoy slowly drew a tape from his pocket and grinned.

"What a sucker."

Kirk smiled and let out a relieved chuckle. He clapped McCoy on the shoulder as he walked off of the pad. "That all the combined information, Bones?"

"You bet," McCoy said. "The paper copy got burned. This is all that's left." McCoy pocketed the data tape. "And I'm going to keep it."

"It would be better if it were destroyed," Spock pointed out.

McCoy rolled his eyes. "Well, I'll throw it in the disintegrator if that'll make you happy, Spock."

"Doctor, may I remind you that as I cannot feel emotions, no act will make me 'happy'."

"Yeah, you just keep telling yourself that." McCoy winked at Kirk who shook his head. It was good to see Bones back.

The ploy to convince Admiral Hedgerow of the extreme problems associated with a by-the-book McCoy had worked admirably. The overreactions of the crew- some true, some not, had planted the seed in his mind that it wasn't wise to enforce protocol every second of the day. Kirk chuckled at the tale that McCoy was confined and sedated in Sickbay. He wondered what the doctor told the Admiral about that.

"I'll have to say, though, I don't think my presence was entirely needed," McCoy chatted as they walked down the hall. "He was already so jittery it looked like he was a dancing marionette. Just what did you two tell him?"

Kirk and Spock exchanged curious glances. "What was necessary," Spock stated firmly.

McCoy nodded. "Right." He stretched. "Well, I've got to move all of my goodies back to where they belong- I doubt Hedgerow will come knocking and asking about regulations again."

"I'll help you," Kirk volunteered.

McCoy narrowed his eyes. "You just want to see all of the hiding places I've got for my bottles."

Kirk raised his eyebrows innocently.

"Hands off the hooch," McCoy told him. "Until I show up with it in your quarters one day."

"Speaking of which, I still didn't get a chance to open up that Saurian brandy of mine," Kirk reflected, a wounded sound in his voice. "I feel cheated."

"We'll have plenty of time to try it, Jim," McCoy reassured him. "I'm caught up on all things Sickbay for the next two weeks. One thing I'll say about abandoning all your non-regulation pastimes: you grow
incredibly
bored."

Kirk grinned. "Chapel noticed you were hovering around Sickbay."

The doctor groaned. "Glory, I think that woman will throw me out of there until something comes along for us to
do
." He rubbed his arms. "I'll have to lay low around Deck 5 for a while."

"Well, since you have all this free time on your hands, then I'm definitely sure we can find time to taste the brandy." Kirk turned. "Spock, would you like to join us?"

"I shall," Spock replied, surprising McCoy.

"I must've really scared you," the doctor mused. "If you're now going to have brandy with illogical humans!"

"Who are you calling illogical?" Kirk protested.

"Doctor McCoy's statement is rather accurate, Captain," Spock informed.

Kirk glanced between the two of them- one pair of blue eyes sparkling with mischief, another pair of brown eyes innocently denying it. He stopped.

"Well, I don't think things have returned to normal," he declared. "If you two are agreeing- even just to gang up on me!"

"The captain seems to take this rather personally, Spock," McCoy commented.

"Indeed, Doctor. Shall we continue to the mess hall?"

"Indeed we shall, Mr. Spock."

The two promptly strode off down the corridor. Kirk stood there for a moment, at a loss. Then, shaking out of it and cursing, he ran after them.



Thanks again, everyone, for reading this! If I have any loose ends, PLEASE let me know... they are my biggest peeve. I know this final chapter was kind of short, but hey, it's short and sweet. Super sweet. Like sugar. Milk the sweetness; drink it in. Trio triumph! Thanks, guys! Bless y'all!


>