


Just got bored, so I decided to create this! Enjoy Shark's torturing story! Also Ayeme is in the Yugioh Zexal world right now.



Shark: What?


It was a normal day for Ayeme, May, Katty, Shark and the others. It was so boring for Ayeme, she wanted to duel a Barian possessed duelist or something. Katty, Rio and May forced her to go shopping which she really despises. Maybe she could find a way out!

About 12 hundred hours, to Ayeme, later, she thought of an idea. She gave out a smirk and asked Rio, "Hey, I have an idea I'm sure you'll love!" Ayeme explain her plan to Rio which made her smirk too.

The two snuck up on Shark, which has his guard down, and grabbed his arms. "What the," he shouted, as his sister and friend knocked him on the sidewalk. "What are you doing?!"

"Making you laughs, Regi," Ayeme explain, making him nervous. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to know what's happening. While Shark was panicking, everyone else was confused.

The two waited long enough and starting to scribble their fingers in his underarm, making him squirm and laugh him butt off intensely. "STAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHOP IHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIHIT!" He laughed, "IT TIHIHIHIHIHICKLES- HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" Everyone is just confused on what they're doing to Shark.

Rio knew every weak point of her ticklish brother. His underarms were the second weakest, so she actually wants the most ticklish spot. So she popped her finger in his bellybutton and wiggled it. He began to go insane thanks to Rio, he wins all the games they played, but a simple tickle fight, he always loses to those. "PLEHEHEHEHEASE, STOHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAP IT, JUT STOP!

After a few minutes later, Shark was able to breathe again, "plehehease," he choked out with a couple of laughs, "d-don't do that again."

"Why," Ayeme asked. "Is it so wrong?"

He got back up quickly in anger. He wanted to just scream at her, but how she tilts her head and make puppy dog eyes, it's really hard to do so, "…no…" He muttered, pouting and blushing a little.


Hope you enjoyed that!


>