

Jett couldn't banish the frown that seemed determined to etch itself permanently into his features. He shifted slightly, uncomfortable in his position on the rooftop as he watched through the scope of his sniper rifle. Bravo squad was using a leapfrog tactic, keeping Alpha in sight for the first few minutes before peeling off to start some chaos to allow Kadira's squad time to secure an LZ. Jett was the last leg of cover for the three, though they didn't seem to need it thus far. Kad, Black, and Thalia were moving off in different directions, weaving through the crowds and blending in. Or, mostly blending in.

Black was easiest to spot. He walked like a career soldier, and people got out of his way. Not desperately, or even consciously, but they moved nonetheless. Still, no one seemed to be eyeing him too closely, and the man was more than capable of watching his own back. Jett only checked on him occasionally, knowing that Black would easily spot trouble before Jett did. You didn't survive as long as Black had without gaining instincts as sharp as a knife.
Thalia, however, was a different story. Jett could keep track of her moving through the crowd, but only because he knew what to look for. She blended in easily with the other civilians, to the point he often had to do a double take to be certain it was her she was following. The locals seemed just as unaware of her, some even shoving her out of the way in their efforts to find those Force-cursed Mandos.
No, neither Thalia nor Black was unexpected in their actions or how they were being received. It was Kadira that had him uneasy. He had yet to spot her, no matter how closely he'd looked or how many different sectors he'd scanned. Vhetin had been the only one able to keep tabs on her, and that had been at the beginning. Now she was gone like smoke, as if she had never been present in the first place. Even Zarah had been unable to keep the smuggler in her sights.

He should be relieved, he berated himself halfheartedly, shifting so that the cold duracrete didn't dig into his hip so badly. If he couldn't spot her, there wasn't a snowball's chance that the locals or their hired muscle could. Still, it made him uneasy. She was too good at this. Disappeared too easily into a crowd, moved too fluidly, had tech that hadn't even hit the black markets, much less open ones. She had secrets. And that bothered him the most.

The brush of metal against his collarbone, warmed by its proximity to his body, felt like a mockery in that instant. A reminder that Kadira wasn't the only one with secrets.

Jett's frown deepened as he shoved the thought away. Still, the datachip that hung from his neck felt like it weighed a hundred pounds at that moment.


The people were close to a panic. Kadira could feel it every time she stepped onto a new street, felt the glances directed at her like daggers whenever her movements didn't exactly fit the pattern of fear and watching. Searching.

Desperation was hard to map, to imitate, but she fell into the pattern as closely as she could manage, hoping it was enough. So far it seemed to be. She was a shadow in the crowds, glanced at before being forgotten. Not enough to warrant notice, not consciously.

And then there was Black, striding through the crowds like the soldier he was. People shifted around him warily, some unconsciously, while others glanced back, eyes shifting as they calculated the chances. Kadira was just glad no one had decided the chances were high enough to risk calling attention to themselves by pointing him out to someone with the authority to find out for certain. Still, if Kadira had learned one thing, it was that greed almost always overruled caution eventually.

Kadira sidled up next to Black, craning her neck to look up at the skyline, keeping a forced calm to her motions to best imitate the jumpy alertness of the people that jostled past one another. The crowds milled around her, paying her no mind in the slightest. They were either too busy carefully minding their own business or searching for signs of those meddling Mandos in hopes of gaining some sort of reward.

"Not smart to sneak up on a person," Black pointed out in a quiet rumble at her shoulder. Kadira smiled slightly, inclining her head to acknowledge his presence. To anyone else, it would look like an innocent enough gesture. If anyone else was even watching.

"Not smart to act like a Mando when you're supposed to be a civvie," Kadira replied cooly.

"
Osik
," Black hissed through his teeth. "That obvious?"

"Watch the people," Kadira answered, careful to keep her voice low, the tone casual. Less likely to be noticed in the hubbub of noise. People rarely listened to the words first. It was the tone that caught attention.
Then
they would decide if it was interesting enough to eavesdrop. Kadira kept hers as benign as possible to be certain it wasn't. "Shoulders bowed, feet shuffling, even when they're searching. They're watching, but just as much for a threat as they are for us…. They're
scared
, Black."

"And the short version is…?" Black prodded, earning a breath of a laugh in reply.

"Walk less like a
ber'oya
, more like a worn down civilian. Lose that confident swagger," she glanced over at him, a smile pulling at the corner of her mouth. "And cover that red hair while you're at it. It's like a
shabla
beacon."

"But it's part of my charm," Black retorted.

Kadira rolled her eyes.

Just then shots erupted and Kadira spun, mimicking the crowd, allowing them to mill about her and direct her motions all while she scanned closely. Black struggled free of the crowd's ebb and flow, and people parted around him like water around rocks. Kadira mimicked the motion, almost unconsciously, cursing under her breath as she searched for the origin of the shots.

Thalia sprinted out of the midst of a group, flashes of light hurtling behind her as a small group of mercenaries pursued.

"
Osik
," Kadira cursed. Too many people. There were too many people here, too many variables. The crowd had reach full panic, some lunging for Thalia while others flung themselves away resulting in utter chaos as the two instincts – fight and flight – warred for control over the panicked crowd.

Black swung his rifle down from his shoulder, shrugging aside the tattered cloth that had kept it from being immediately noticeable.

"
Now
can I walk like a soldier?"


Jayce tossed the red and gold helmet aside in frustration, ignoring the metallic clatter it made as it spun across the duracrete floor. He stared across at it, flinching as he saw the flecks of dried blood still clinging to the painted surface like some macabre paintover.

The helmet's systems were even more advanced than he had anticipated, locking him out at every turn. His hands were cramped and aching from his work with the small tools required for trying to hack into the advanced controls, which had resulted in nothing but frustration.

Laniff had fallen silent across the room, but for the occasional muttering in the strange language he had reverted to. Jayce buried his face in his hands, struggling to keep back his own panic. He was a street kid with a penchant for thievery. And yet here he was, watching a Mandalorian die because he couldn't get into a stupid helmet system.

The helmet came to a slow stop, spinning idly before settling onto the floor. Jayce stared at it, scowling. A sharp CRACK emanated from the helmet and Jayce threw himself backwards instinctively, forgetting he was perched on a rickety stool that should have been scrapped a decade ago. Jayce scrambled for a handhold, yelping as the chair tipped out from under him, spilling him to the floor along with half of the tools he had so painstakingly acquired.

Jayce flung his hands up to cover his head, yelping again as one of the larger tools bounced off the side of his head, clattering to the floor. He rubbed the spot gingerly, glaring accusingly at the still crackling helmet. A low moan from the fire armored man spurred him to action and Jayce scrambled across the room to inspect the helmet's sudden cooperation. He couldn't deny the spark of pride that glowed in his chest. Never mind that throwing the helmet across the room was hardly a high-tech solution, but if it worked…

Jayce plopped down next to the helmet unceremoniously, peering into the interior. A faint blue glow shone from inside, but Jayce was unable to make out anything more than that. Jayce hesitated a moment, turning the helmet around in his hands before gingerly placing the piece over his head.

It was as if the whole world came to life in a series of cascading numbers, symbols in a language Jayce couldn't comprehend, and flashing symbols, all pummeling his senses. An alarm echoed through the helmet, and a bright light flashed across the crack in the visor, as if highlighting the damage.

Jayce clutched the outside of the helmet, forcing himself to squint against the onslaught of information as he searched for anything familiar, blinking rapidly against the harsh light. The system seemed to lock onto the gesture, a series of spinning circles snapped to his eyeline and spun, interlocking circles spiraling around one another in what Jayce guessed was a calibration sequence. Or so he hoped. The HUD flashed green a moment later and a series of symbols and what he thought might be letters scrolled across the screen so rapidly that Jayce doubted he'd be able to read them even if he understood the language. Jayce yelped as the screen lit up bright white, flashing erratically before apparently righting itself, though multiple squares still flashed red in warning. Jayce blinked again, struggle to focus against the swirl of information that was being thrown at him. Apparently taking it as some sort of command, the system flashed twice in confirmation before pulling up some sort of list and scrolling through it rapidly.

Half an hour later Jayce had managed to tune into six different holo channels, set off three alarms, and managed to cause a thermal shutdown of the entire system. Twice.

So it was no small relief when an audio log popped up on the screen. Jayce managed to activate the first one without causing any disasters, something he was extremely grateful for.

The display flickered for a moment, struggling against the damage of the attack before managing to pull up the holo file. The image was poor quality, flickering in and out, but was clear enough for Jayce to catch a solid view of the speaker. The first thing he noticed was that she looked mad. And not just a little bit.
Really
mad, most likely at Laniff, since that was who this call was intended for.

She leaned against what looked like the edge of a control panel, smooth and sleek and new, scarred features staring into the recorder. Jayce studied her face, paying no attention to the words filtering through the helmet's partially damaged speakers, choppy and hard to follow. Still, he watched the scarred woman's expressions, noting the exhaustion and tired eyes that reminded him of the old veterans who sometimes wandered the streets. But her face was far younger than theirs, though she could match them in scars and stories if the one that stretched across the left side of her features was anything to go by.

This was Kad. Jayce hadn't heard a name or an introduction of any sort in the recording, but the sharp gleam in her eyes spoke to a cleverness that matched Laniff's earlier descriptions of the smuggler he'd named as his friend. He glanced up slowly, wary of what the helmet seemed to take as commands. A comm channel was listed, and though Jayce doubted that the helmet had enough power left to send a full length message – at least if the flickering display and faulty feedback were anything to judge by – but he could easily use it as a distress beacon. Especially know that he knew where to send the signal…

Jayce couldn't help the smile that stretched across his face. Something was finally going
right
.


Kadira skidded around the corner of a building, ducking wildly to avoid the barrage of blaster bolts that drilled into the walls and sent debris flying into her path. Posing as a civilian had worked as well as could be expected. Better, actually. But now that all three of their covers had been blown, Alpha was sprinting through the streets in three separate places, trying to buy enough time to don their armor at the landing zone. Which, in Kadira's honest opinion, wasn't looking too promising. Another salvo of misses that were far too close for comfort only confirmed the thought.

Kadira planted one hand solidly on a wall, pushing up and propelling herself up and over and leaving the barrier for the mercenaries to figure out once they got closer. Not that it was much of a brain puzzle, but it was better than nothing. Still, a shadow of a thought lurked at the back of her mind, a whisper of familiarity. All of this felt too similar. As if she'd played the same game before, just on the opposite side.

She felt her knee buckle as she hit the ground, propelling her forward and nearly face-first into a wall, breaking her thought. She caught herself, using her momentum to swing herself around the side of the building and ignoring the twinge the sliced through her back. As if a small army of mercenaries wasn't enough to deal with, now every old injury she had decided to flare up at once. And people said the universe was lacking in humor.

"
Osik, osik, osik
," Kadira hissed through her teeth, ignoring the pain as she forced herself back to full speed. "Sure, Kad, volunteer to go running through the streets of a hostile city without armor. What in
haran
could
possibly
go wrong?"

Kadira skidded around another corner, the crumbling stone of the building she used to swing herself around scraping her palm raw. Next time she was at least donning gloves.

The team was keeping comm silence for now, and would continue to do so unless someone got into more trouble than they could handle. The comms were encrypted well beyond anything the Empire could break in the short amount of time the team planned to still be on planet, but safe was better than blown to bits because the Imps were better than everyone assumed. It wouldn't be the first time.

She lost track of how many turns she made. How many side alleys she took to muddle her pursuers. All she knew for certain was that by the time she burst into the open space that would become the landing zone, she had bought enough time. Just barely. She sprinted across the flimsy metal bridge that spanned what Kadira could only think of as a really, really deep river. And a
shabla
good defense, which was why she had chosen this place to start with.

Black was already present and fully armored, scanning the perimeter with his rifle at the ready. Kadira slowed just long enough to dump the pack her pack to the ground, quickly donning her
beskar'gam
while he continued his silent patrol.


::Thalia's coming in hot,::
Black's voice came over short range comms as Kadira slipped her helmet over her head.

"How many?"


::Looks like six,::
Black answered, dropping to his knee to steady the rifle. Kadira swung her own up into a firing position, widening her stance and letting out a slow breath to steady her aim.

"Drop 'em," Kadira ordered as Thalia slid around the corner, immediately breaking to the right to allow Kadira and Black a clear line of fire. She continued running, stopping only when she was behind her vode, at which point she proceeded to don her own armor without even glancing at her pursuers.

Kadira and Black opened fire in the same instant, allowing their own armor to take the brunt of the return fire as they used themselves as shields to protect Thalia.

It was hardly necessary. Kadira felt two shots strike her – one a glancing blow to chestplate and the second a hit to her shoulder that threw off her aim, allowing Black to take out the final assailant. Nothing that would have gotten through to Thalia.


::Anyone else bringing friends?::
Black asked, rising to his feet and changing out his clip in the same motion.

"Mine got lost a ways back," Kadira replied, motioning over her shoulder with her thumb. "They'll make it eventually, I'm sure."

She swung her rifle back over her shoulder as Thalia and Black broke to either side of the clearing and in front of her, creating a crossfire that would hopefully keep her safe as she knelt to begin setting up the beacon.

"Any word on Bravo?" Kadira asked, unfolding the device and planting it in the dusty earth.


::Still comm silence, which is good news,::
Thalia replied.


::Incoming,::
Black warned.

"Keep me from getting shot as much as you can, vode," Kadira requested. "And Black, take out that bridge when enough troopers are on it. They'll try to cross."


::Think it'll slow them down?::
Thalia inquired.

Kadira chuckled, connecting a series of wires carefully into their housings, "Sure, they're highly trained soldiers. But can they swim?"


::Guess we'll find out,::
Black responded.


Jett slid into position without bothering to slow down, letting the building wall that was his cover act as his brakes as he fell into the formation Kadira had presented at the briefing.

The whole area was alight was blasterfire as the Mandalorians and crew exchanged fire with the assortment of troopers and mercenaries that had converged on the landing zone.

Jett had to admit, Kadira had chosen this place well. He glanced around as he swung his sniper rifle down from his shoulder, discarding the shotgun he'd run out of ammunition for. Not his favorite anyway, and common enough to be untraceable to him. The zone was defensible, and far enough away from the center of the city to keep reinforcements from arriving too quickly for the squad to be able to handle. Not to say that they were having an easy time of it, but Jett had seen worse.

The squad had fanned out, covering every possible angle as Kadira hunkered down in front of a small device, punching in commands to a keypad and occasionally switching wires around. Her movements were rushed, but she didn't even seem to notice the firefight going on around her. Even the occasional shot that whizzed by her seemed to go unnoticed.

He saw her pull one glove off impatiently, stuffing it into one of the many pockets of her flightsuit before she hunkered down in front of the device once more, programming it to the exact specifications that the whole team had been provided with, but that only she seemed to understand the purpose of. They were all trusting her blindly.

Another shot whizzed past Kadira's shoulder, but she didn't even flinch, simply continuing to punch in commands as quickly as she could. The squad might be trusting her without fully understanding her plan, but if anyone was trusting blindly, it was Kad. One misstep by any of the crew, and she'd end up with a blasterbolt to the back of her head.

The realization was like a punch in the gut. Kadira was trusting them like a soldier. As if they were her squad, born and raised, with no reason for her to question otherwise. He felt himself go still inside, even as he lifted his rifle to his shoulder and pulled the trigger. And pulled it again. And again. Again…


::Sal!::
Vhetin's sharp tone broke through Kadira's concentration, earning a string of curses as she fumbled the controls to the device.

"What?!" she snapped, steadying her hands.


::Something's wrong, Jett's about to be overwhelmed,::
Vhetin spoke quickly, his words curt.

Kadira glanced up at the 360 view of her HUD, letting out a fresh string of curses as she took in Jett's situation. His position was being swarmed as he covered only a slice of his assigned role. Already, he was close to being overwhelmed in all zones except the small angle he
was
covering.

"Black, pull him out of there!" Kadira snapped, punching in the last code and slamming the cover shut on the device. She pivoted on her heel, bringing her rifle up and beginning to open fire. "Everyone else, get your
shebs
over here and hunker down!"

The crew sprinted towards her, Jay and Zarah taking up positions on either side with the others fanning out to cover the rest of the landing zone. Black joined them a moment later, wrestling with Jett and pulling him back behind them. Jett didn't protest, simply raising his rifle and continuing to fire. Kadira tossed a small device to Black, who promptly slammed one in into the ground at her instruction.

"Just don't touch the wall!" Kadira shouted, tossing an identical device to Vhetin, who followed suit.


::What happens if I do?::
Black asked.

"You lose a hand,
di'kut
," Kadira replied.


::You get all the fun toys, Sal,::
Vhetin remarked dryly, slamming his finger into a small button along the shaft of the device.

Kadira repeated the process in front of her, and Black followed suit. A moment later a shimmering wall snapped into place before them. Their shots passed through effortlessly, but the shield wall absorbed the incoming fire in tiny sparks of light that fizzled across the surface before dissolving.

::This thing won't hold long!:: Black pointed out, firing off a salvo of shots that were quickly returned, but to no avail.

Kadira glanced up, noticing the faintest flicker in the shield.

"It doesn't have to!" she replied. If anything went even slightly according to plan, the team would be out before the shield wall failed.

The wall flickered again and Kadira muttered a curse. If her luck could just hold out
one time
.

The roar of an engine was enough to make Kadira grin in relief. She rose to her feet, the team following suit as Kadira turned away from the shield wall. Praying it would hold for just a few more seconds.

A ship appeared, flying low and fast on the horizon. Kadira's grin widened. Sleek lines caught the sunlight as the ship swooped low, ramp lowering to beckon the team on board.

Her comm crackled to life inside her helmet and Iam's voice echoed through the channel, crisp and clear.


::Quite the maiden voyage for the
Vanguard II
, Kad. Get your team aboard before that generator goes out.::


"Go, go, go!" Kadira shouted, waving the team forward as she and Vhetin hung back, offering cover fire.

The rest of the squad rushed forward without question, Jett included, jumping to clear the last distance to the ramp. Vhetin followed with Kadira on his heels. The shield wall fell as Black pulled Kadira onto the ramp, allowing her to grab on to the support struts as he fell back into the interior to pry the rifle out of Jett's grip. The
Vanguard II
began to lift up and away from the landing zone. Kadira stayed on the half open ramp, rifle dangling from her grip as she squinted down, waiting.

She was rewarded a moment later as the shield generators exploded as one, taking out the device that had been used to mark the Landing Zone for the Vanguard's drop out of stealth mode, as well as any combatants who had been stupid enough to rush forward. And there were quite a few of them.


Ran stared at his screen, stunned by the reports that were flooding in, both from the soldiers on the ground and the independent mercenaries that had hoped for a quick payday.

She had done it. How, he didn't even have the slightest idea, but somehow she had managed it. Not only had she broken the captured Mandalorians out of a brand new Imperial facility – twice – but she had managed to get past both the Empire and the soldiers for hire that had practically been swarming over the city. And yet none of them could explain how the smuggler's ragtag bunch had made it past them and onto a ship that had somehow evaded the Empire's scanners to pull the squad out and disappear just as quickly.

If Ran hadn't sat through the whole thing, he would have accused anyone who recounted the events of fabrication. Kadira had been outgunned, outmatched, and hadn't even possessed a decent ship to escape the system on. The pile of junk she'd flown in on couldn't have outrun a speederbike, much less the trio of interceptors that had been waiting for his orders should Kadira make it into the air.

And yet she'd done it. Without losing a single man or leaving anything behind that might point to how she'd accomplished such a feat.

Part of him felt like he should have seen it coming, the
Vanguard
swooping in like some sort of avenging angel. But he had seen the ship destroyed with his own eyes, had been on board when it had been decimated by Dain and her crew. There had been no intel that Kadira was rebuilding it. Even the source Dain had claimed was close to Kadira's crew had offered no information on a new ship. And yet here it was, more powerful than ever, with an assortment of new weaponry that Ran couldn't even guess at the pricetag of. How in
haran
she'd afforded it was yet another question he had no answer for. Kadira had never seemed to be hurting in terms of cash, but a brand new ship, built in the short amount of time since her last one had been destroyed… the cost would have been astronomical. Ran was left shaking his head in shock. And the
Vanguard's
appearance hadn't even been the most unexpected event, just the one he had latched onto.

It all seemed like something out of a holovid, and yet Ran knew with a sinking certainty that it was not only all real, but all on his head since he had failed to stop her. No plea of being unable to predict Kadira's movements would save him, nor would the hours he had spent planning what he had thought was every contingency, every move he could see her making. In the end, he had made the same mistake that Shaen Mog and Coorta Asiri had. He had underestimated Kadira to an overwhelming degree.

Once again, the smuggler from Mandalore had proven that there was more to her than met the eye. Not only had she pulled off a rescue that should have been impossible, she had done it twice, infiltrating the same facility to rescue a second group of escapees and robbing the Empire of their prize yet again. It was as if she was continuing the missions he had given her, just on a much larger scale and rescuing her people instead of the targets he had chosen for her.

He had assumed that Kadira had needed him to make the plans and direct her to a target, but now he was starting to doubt that assumption. She had proven here that she was more than capable of pulling this type of rescue off, and it made him wonder how often she had allowed him to give her a workable plan, all the while with a second up her sleeve that she had concocted on her own and that would work far better than any that he set her up on. Kadira had a way of taking chances that made him want to shoot someone. Preferably her. And yet now he wondered how many of those seemingly spur of the moment decisions had instead been carefully planned contingencies.

Ran wasn't sure if he should feel angry or relieved at the realization. For the moment, all he felt was a distinct sense of dread. Kadira was a much larger player than he had assumed, and that alone could bring everything he had worked for shattering to the ground.

Footsteps echoed behind him, and Ran let out a slow, controlled breath.

"Explain. Now," Dain's voice was clipped and cold. Far more dangerous than usual, then.

Indecision froze him for a moment. Kadira was clearly more than she appeared. More, perhaps, then he was even beginning to suspect. Dain would no doubt be eager to hear his suspicions, the ones that whispered at the back of his mind. It might even buy him time, temper the retaliation for his failure…

"Corey Black and the bounty hunter, Cin Vhetin," he said finally, the words effortless, quick. A lie so smooth he almost believed it himself. "They must have been more in charge than your
sources
indicated."

"My source-" Dain started, but Ran interrupted, the feigned fury growing into something much more real. More desperate.

"Was clearly wrong! There's no way a smuggler could have pulled off a rescue like that. Both Black and Vhetin have intensive military backgrounds. Black trained Clones back in the days of the Republic, for stars' sake. And I don't need to tell you Vhetin's track record. Sal must have leaned on them more heavily than we assumed, combining their expertise to pull this off. She was a puppet here, meant to distract your source from who was really leading the missions," Ran forced himself to stop. Anything further and he would come off as desperate.

Dain was silent for a moment, studying him closely. Ran forced himself not to tense up, to continue to parade the fury and fear he knew she expected from him. Both were easy enough, as they were no act. Her leverage over him was real, and he knew the consequences for his failure would be severe. But he couldn't bring himself to sell Kadira out. Not yet.

No, for now he would keep her secrets. Because if he was right, then she had kept his. The least he could do was return the favor.

After what felt like an eternity, Dain nodded and spun on her heel, striding out of the small room.

"There will be consequences, Scorlo," she tossed back over her shoulder. "And I can promise you, you won't like them."


"Well done, Kad," Iam congratulated, clasping Kadira's shoulder in passing and offering a nod of approval. The simple gesture spoke volumes from the man, and Kadira offered an exhausted smile in return.


The Vanguard II
had made a jump to hyperspace before the Empire had been able to scramble any sort of resistance, leaving them no doubt furious. A thought Kadira found quite comforting.

She made her way back to the cargo bay, aware that the entire team had moved to the large space after none of them quite ready to retreat to their own quarters. She stopped in the doorway, leaning against the frame and watching with arms crossed over her chest.

They'd made it. By
te manda,
they'd pulled off what some had said was an impossible mission and had all made it out alive and relatively unharmed. Thalia, Zarah, and Jay had already been treated in the
Vanguard's
medical bay, and Jett was next on the list. Kadira felt her shoulders start to relax for the first time as it started to truly dawn on her that the mission had been accomplished without a single man lost.

Jay and Vhetin were huddled over a datapad, reviewing either the most recent mission or a future one, Kadira couldn't tell. The Corellian woman had already offered her thanks, followed by a silent handshake from her Mandalorian partner.

Black had claimed a corner of the hold as his own work area, disassembling each and every weapon that he'd carried with him into combat in order to give it a thorough check and cleaning. Zarah had set herself up next to him, sitting cross-legged and offering suggestions on how to improve each weapon, knowledge of new models or upgrades, and anything else that allowed her to be close to the impressive array of weaponry.

Thalia had taken up a position much like Kadira's own, arms crossed over her chest as she watched the group in mild amusement.

Jett was the only one who seemed unable to enjoy the results of the mission. He sat alone in one of the darker corners of the hold, his fingers massaging his temples with his eyes squeezed shut. Kadira watched him quietly, hoping for any hint as to what had happened. She had never seen him break, and certainly not like this. She had a hundred question she wanted to ask him, demand to know why he had snapped so many times. But as she crossed the room and crouched next to him, she couldn't bring herself to ask any of them.

Blue eyes opened slowly, squinting up at her. Kadira tilted her head at him, lifting one eyebrow in question.

"You turn for the med bay,
vod
. You look like you could use it," she said gently, holding out a hand. A peace offering in the midst of whatever battle he seemed to think the two of them were waging.

Jett studied her hand silently, as if debating the meaning of taking it. Finally he stood, brushing past her and leaving her crouched there. She let her hand drop, pivoting to follow him with her gaze as he stalked out of the cargo bay.


His hand was shaking. Jayce held his hand over the button he had rigged to Laniff's battered helmet to transmit the signal without having to figure out the command system that was built into the HUD. But his hand was shaking so hard he wasn't sure if he could do it. This was the only idea he had. What if it didn't work? What if something happened, and the helmet stopped working? Maybe it had a defense system he hadn't found. Maybe it would blow up in sparks, leaving him with no ideas and no way to help the fire armored man.

Jayce hesitated. So much could go wrong, but… What was the difference if he didn't? Laniff would die. That much Jayce knew for certain. And he would be left here, with even fewer options than before, not to mention the guilt of guiding Laniff into a trap. This was his fault. He needed to fix it.

Jayce squeezed his eyes shut and slammed his hand down onto the button. A moment passed and Jayce held his breath, feeling like he might explode. Would it work?

A moment later a low series of beeps came from inside the helmet, petering off before starting the sequence again.

Jayce let out a yell of victory, jumping back from the table and laughing. He'd done it! He'd made a signal for the fire-armored man's friends. He grinned, looking around the dim room as if someone were there to celebrate his victory.

But there was no one. No one but a half dead man spread out on a duracrete slab. Jayce felt his elation drain away as he looked at the blonde man's bloody and bruised features.

And suddenly he didn't feel like a hero anymore. Jayce stepped back, the hydrospanner in his hand clattering to the ground. Still so much could go wrong…

Jayce slunk back to the wall, sliding down until he sat across from the fire-armored man.

"Please… Don't die," he whispered. It sounded childish, even to his own ears. But he had no other words. No other hope or plea. Just the one to stay alive. Long enough for help to come. Long enough to pull Jayce out of this awful life.

Jayce curled up against the darkness, against the small voice in his head that mocked him for his hope, for trying to save the fire-armored man. And he didn't feel brave. Not anymore. He didn't feel like a hero, like a supersoldier off to save the galaxy and bring it back to the glory days. He felt scared. Terrified, even.

Jayce buried his face in his knees, squeezing his eyes shut as he tried to shut out the labored breathing of the dying man only a few feet away. He felt like a hand was clasped around his throat, cutting off his air. Like when he'd gotten caught stealing goods and a black gloved hand had lifted him up like he didn't weigh a thing. Except this time he couldn't wiggle free, because there was nothing to fight. Just fear.

"Please come, Kadira," he whispered, his shaking voice echoing through the darkness. "Please."



A/N: So this is the end of Book 6, and I want to say a huge thank you to everyone who has stuck with this story, despite its monumental delays. I am, again,
so
sorry this story took me so long to get done, and I can't express how grateful I am that people stuck with me.
Vor'e, vode.


Thanks to
Vhetin1138
, who allowed me to use the characters of Vhetin and Jay for this story, and
CoreyBlack
, who allowed me to use the character of Corey Black. They were a blast to write, vode, and I appreciate you allowing me to use them. For those who haven't read their stories, I highly recommend you go check them out :)



I know I'm leaving some cliffhangers for you all, as well as some loose ends, but it felt like a fitting end to this story and a good lead-in to Book 7. Thanks again,
vode
:)


>