

I woke up with a smile on my face. 'Today is the day,' I thought to myself. Today I would stop being so depressing and hopefully even make amends with my twin sister, Elena. I had been partly blaming her for the death of my parents, Grayson and Miranda. I never said it to her face, but I think she still knew.

I rolled out of bed and put my clothes on after using the bathroom. I walked downstairs after grabbing my backpack.

"Toast. I can make toast," I hear Aunt Jenna say from the kitchen.

"It's all about the coffee, Aunt Jenna," Elena says.

I steal Elena's coffee with a smirk as she scowls playfully at me.

"Is there coffee?" Jeremy says as he walks into the kitchen. I wave my cup at him and take a sip. He smiles at me and steals Elena's new coffee. She groans in protest.

"Your first day of school and I'm totally unprepared. Lunch money?" Aunt Jenna asks.

"I'm good," Elena says. I roll my eyes as Jeremy takes all the money in her hand. I hold my hand out to him, smirking when he groans and gives me half.

"Anything else? A number two pencil? What am I missing?" Jenna asks.

"Don't you have a big presentation today?" Elena questions. I nod in agreement.

"I'm meeting with my thesis advisor at... now. Crap!" Jenna panics. I chuckle at her, only to receive an elbow to the ribs by Elena. I scowl at her while she answers Jenna.

"Then go. We'll be fine," Elena says as Jenna leaves.

"You ok?" Elena asks us. I roll my eyes and nod.

"Don't start," Jeremy says and walks past. I rush to him before he can leave, giving him a smile and hug. He groans and shakes his head, but smiles at all the same.


"So Grams is telling me..." Bonnie starts while I tune her out. Bonnie's my friend but I'm not really in the mood for her grandmother's rambling.

"Elena! Meg! Back in the car," Bonnie says and I snicker mentally.

"I did it again, didn't I? I-I'm sorry, Bonnie. You were telling me that..." Elena says.

"That I'm psychic now," Bonnie says. 'Oh dear me,' I think.

"Right. Ok, then predict something. About me and Meg," Elena suggests. 'Don't encourage her craziness," I think while I lightly scowl.

"I see..." Bonnie starts as a crow hits the car. "What was that?! Oh, my god! Are you two okay?" Bonnie freaks while looking at both of us.

"It's ok. I'm fine," Elena reassures.

"Me too," I say, a little peeved she hit a poor crow.

"It was like a bird or something. It came out of nowhere," she says.

"Crow," I mumble exasperatedly. I mean really the girl's 'psychic' and she doesn't know what she, so rudely, hit.

"Really, I can't be freaked out by cars for the rest of my life," Elena says.

Bonnie looks back at me and I nod my head in agreement with Elena. It's not like I was in the car when they crashed.

"I predict this year is going to be kick ass. And I predict all the sad and dark times are over and you are going to be beyond happy," Bonnie says. I roll my eyes as I look out the window and see the crow on a sign. I smile at it relieved it's unharmed.


"Major lack of male real estate. Look at the shower curtain on Kelly Beech. She looks like a hot - can I still say 'tranny mess'?" Bonnie asks

"No, that's over," I state smirking at Kelly condescendingly.

"Ahh, find a man, coin a phrase. It's a busy year," Bonnie says and I giggle at her.

Elena waves to Matt and he ignores her, causing me to smirk internally.

"He hates me," Elena mopes.

I roll my eyes still looking at Matt. 'So dramatic.'

"That's not hate. That's "you dumped me, but I'm too cool to show it, but secretly I'm listening to Air Supply's greatest hits.'" Bonnie says.

Caroline rushes to us. 'UUUUHHHHH!'

"Elena. Meg. Oh my god." Caroline squeals. She hugs Elena, then me, as I groan internally.

"How are you? Oh, it's so good to see you. How are they? Are they good?"

"Caroline, we're right here. And I'm fine. Thank you," says Elena.

"I'm fine, too. Thank you for asking," I say slightly sarcastically on the last half.

"Really?" Caroline asks with a skeptical look on her face.

"Yes. Much better," Elena says.

"Indeed," I agree.

"Oh, you poor things," she said then group hugged us.

I give Elena my 'Do something before I kill her' look.

"Okay, Caroline," Elena says as she pries us from Caroline.

"Oh! Okay, see you guys later?" Caroline says walking away.

"Okay! Bye!" Bonnie says.

"No comment," Elena says.

"I'm not going to say anything," Bonnie defends.

"I have a comment," I say and they look at me expectedly, "One of these days she's going to piss me off. And I'm going to punch her. Very hard. In the face."

They both shake their heads and chuckle. We continue walking until we're outside the office and Bonnie stops us.

"Hold up. Who's this?" Bonnie asks.

"All I see is back," Elena states. I chuckle.

"It's a hot back," Bonnie says. I roll my eyes. 'And I repeat. UUUUUHHHHH! These girls man.'

"I'm sensing Seattle, and he plays the guitar," Bonnie says. 'Oh for crying out loud with your psychic bullshit.'

"You're really going to run this whole psychic thing into the ground, huh?" Elena asks and I chuckle.

"Pretty much," Bonnie says and we all laugh.

"Jeremy, good batch, man," I hear some guy call. I snap my head around towards the bathroom.

"I'll be right back," my ever-so-nosey twin states and stalks to the bathroom. I follow behind her hoping to help my JerBear.

"Please be hot," I hear Bonnie say as I follow Elena. I roll my eyes at her.

"Whoa! Pants down, chicks!" some guy says as we walk in. I glare at him and his eyes widen as he turns away from me. I smirk satisfied.

I watch as Elena grabs Jeremy's face, looking into his eyes to see if he's high.

"Great. It's the first day of school and you're stoned," Elena exclaims.

"No, I'm not," Jeremy argues.

"Where is it? Is it on you?" Elena says checking all over him.

"Elena," I say warningly. She ignores me and continues her search.

"Stop, all right?! You need to chill yourself, all right?" Jeremy says shaking her hands off as I smirk at him.

"Chill myself? What is that, stoner talk?" Elena asks. "Dude, you are so cool," she says like a stereotypical stoner and goes back to searching him.

"Look, stop! I don't have anything on me. Are you crazy?"

"You haven't seen crazy, Jeremy! I gave you a summer pass, but I am done watching you destroy yourself. No, no, no, you know what? Go ahead. Keep it up. But just know that I am going to be there to ruin your buzz every time, you got it? Jeremy, I know who you are. And it's not this person. So don't be this person," Elena says faking a tough girl act.

I scowl at her. "Enough Elena," I say sternly pulling her hands of him and taking his hand.

"I don't need this," Jeremy says as we leave the bathroom.

"So, you're sure you don't have anything?" I ask interestedly.

"Not you, too!" he says pulling his hand out of mine and scowling at me.

"No, not me, too," I say bumping my shoulder into him, "I was wondering if you had any pot, but hey, nevermind," I hold my hands up in surrender.

"No, I've definitely got something," he says smiling at me and wrapping his arm around my shoulders, "Meet me at lunch. Okay?"

I smile and nod.


The rest of the day goes by pretty average, a million people asking "Are you okay?" like they actually care. I roll my eyes and set off for Jeremy. He smiles at me and leads me to the 'Stoner Den'.

"Hey guys," Jer greets.

Vicki sees me immediately and rushes to hug me.

"Hey girl, I haven't seen you all day," she exclaims as we pull apart.

I smile and say, "You know me genius classes."

We laugh. "So what are you doing out here?" she asks politely.

"Well... My darling brother here promised me weed so," I stated. Her grin intensifies.

"No way! You smoke?" she questions and I nod in affirmation.

"And as promised," Jer says handing me a lit joint.

"I knew there was a reason you were my favorite Gilbert twin," Vicki says as I take a hit.

I laugh and say, "You sure it's not my amazing name." I pass it to Jer and he takes a hit as well.

"Ah. Megara is pretty bomb, I have to say," she says and I giggle.

By the end of lunch I am high as a kite. "JER! What if like, you and I do this all the time because... because, man, like, I feel so good right now. This is way better than writing my thoughts in some silly journal. And like I don't know dude, like I just, Elena said that the stupid thing would help me and it doesn't, Jer, it just brings all of my problems back into my mind man, ya know. And like, I feel soooooo good," I say while holding Jeremy's face and caressing it.

Vicki, Jeremy, and the other stoners listening to the conversation start chuckling and I start laughing too.

"Sure, sissy, whatever you want," Jeremy says honestly and I wrap my arms around him in a hug. He laughs and hugs me back.

When it's time for Mr. Tanner's class I'm late. As I open the door he is about to start his lesson. He scowls at me and I smugly smirk in reply. Mr. Tanner actually loves me, but he won't admit it.

"Nice of you to join us, Ms. Gilbert," he sneers.

I smile and flirtatiously wink at him. "The pleasure is all mine, Mr. Tanner," I purr at him.

He flusters slightly and says, "Take a seat please."

I told you he likes me. I salute him and take a seat next to Elena.

She glances at me, smiling before she takes a closer look and frowns.

"Are you high?" she asks.

I just smirk and turn toward the front of the room.

"Once our home state of Virginia joined confederacy in 1861, it created a tremendous amount of tension within the state. People in Virginia's northwest region had different ideals than those from the traditional deep south. Then Virginia divided in 1863 with the northwest region joining the union," Tanner begins the lesson.

I see Elena and the new guy looking at each other and smile. 'He is cute. BonBons was right. And Elena seems to like him.'


Elena and I head to the cemetery and have a long conversation about how it isn't right of me to get high. During school or otherwise. All the while, I rolled my eyes and commented sarcastically. Elena begins writing in her diary whilst I look around me. Suddenly, a crow lands on our parents gravestone. I smile at it.

"Ok. Hi, bird," Elena says to it. It tilts its head and us and I smile again.

"That's not creepy or anything," Elena says and I roll my eyes still looking at it.

I was about to reach to it when Elena says, "Shoo!" And it flies off.

I huff at her, "LEEEENAA!" I whine.

"That's what I thought," she said triumphantly, ignoring my protest.

The crow reappears and fog starts to ascend around the cemetery. 'Ooo creepy,' I thought smiling and looking around us. Elena, however, didn't seem to like this.

Elena sees a man standing behind a tomb and points to him. She then took my hand and started running.

"Ahh!" Elena says as she trips and I let go of her hand so she doesn't drag me down with her. I smirk in amusement.

"You ok?" a voice says. I look up from Elena and see the new kid.

"Were you following me?" Elena accuses and I roll my eyes.

"No, I-a, uh, I-a just- I saw you fall," he says looking from Elena to me. I smirk at him.

"Uh-huh, and you just happened to be hanging out in a cemetery," Elena says.

"I'm visiting. I have family here," he says and I laugh at the awkward expression on Elena's face.

"Oh. Wow. Tactless. I'm sorry. It's the fog, It's making me foggy. And then back there, there was this-this bird, and it was all very Hitchcock for a second. That is the bird movie, right, the Hitchcock? I'm Elena," she says.

"And I'm Meg," I say smiling at him. He returns it.

"I'm Stefan," he says.

"I know. We have History together," Elena says.

"And English and French," he adds and I snicker quietly.

"Right," she says.

Stefan reaches forward and pulls a leaf out of Elena's hair.

"Thanks... Nice ring," she says.

"Oh. Um, It's a family ring, yeah. I'm kinda stuck with it. It's weird, huh?"

"No, no. It's just, I mean, there are rings and then there's that."

"First, you hate the cute little bird, and now poor Stefan's ring. Does it ever end?" I exclaim dramatically.

"Did you hurt yourself?" he asks suddenly.

"Hmm?" Elena asks looking confused. I roll my eyes.

"Did you hurt yourself?" he repeats.

"Oh, uh, I don't know," she states and rolls up her pant leg.

"Oh! Would you look at that? That is not pretty," I say in an amused tone looking at her cut.

"Are you ok?" Elena asks Stefan who turned around.

"You should go. Take care of that." Stefan says and I look down at it again.

"Really, it's nothing," Elena says.

I look back up and Steffy is gone. Hmm.


"We're meeting Bonnie at the grill," we say together and I smirk in amusement

"Ok, have fun. Wait, I got this. Don't stay out late, it's a school night."

"Well done, Aunt Jenna," Elena says while I chuckle.

Elena opens the door for us and Stefan is standing there.

"Oh," she says.

"Sorry, I was about to knock. I wanted to apologize for my disappearing act earlier. I know it was... strange," Stefan says.

"No worries. I get it, blood makes you squeamish," Elena offers while I scoff to myself.

"Um, something like that. How's your leg?"

"Oh, it's fine. Just a scratch, barely. How did you know where we lived?"

"It's a small town. I asked the first person I saw. Um, I thought you might want this back," Stefan says and hands Elena her diary.

"Oh, I must have dropped it. I- thank you."

"Don't worry, I didn't... read it," he says and I smirk.

"No? Why not? Most people would have," she says and I snickered quietly. 'Guilty.'

"Well, I wouldn't want anyone to read mine."

"You keep a journal?" Elena asked the same time as I asked, "You have a diary," snickering.

"Yeah, if I don't write it down, I forget it. Memories are too important."

"Yeah. I'm just gonna... umm, you don't have to stay out there," Elena says as she hides her diary. I look at him and he seems to be struggling with something. 'Strange.' I thought.

"I'm fine. Sorry, were you going somewhere?"

"Yeah, we're meeting a friend. Do you want to come?" Elena asks.

We head to the grill and we all talk on the way there. Mainly Stefan and Elena. When we enter Matt walks up to us.

"Hey, I'm Matt, nice to meet you," he says to Stefan.

"Hi. Stefan," Stefan replies.

"Hey," Elena says.

"Hey," Matt says.

"Heyyyyy," I say enthusiastically to Matt and try to hug him.

"Hey," Matt says laughing and hugs me.

We all go over to the table with the rest of our friends and sit down.

"So, you were born in Mystic Falls?" Caroline asks Stefan.

"So the interrogation begins," I whisper to Stefan and he laughs.

"Mhmm. And moved when I was still young."

"Parents?" Bonnie asks.

"My parents passed away," Stefan says.

"I'm sorry," I say with a sad smile and he returns it.

"Any siblings?" Elena asks.

"None that I talk to. I live with my uncle."

"So, Stefan, if you're new, then you don't know about the party tomorrow," Caroline says.

"It's a back to school thing at the falls," Bonnie says.

Stefan looks at Elena and then me and asks, "Are you two going?"

"Of course they are," Bonnie asks.

We all head home and I head to my room. I knock on Jeremy's door and he opens it, smiling when he sees me.

"Hey," he says.

"Hey."

"What's up?" he says letting me in and closing the door.

"Well... " I trail off.

"Weed huh?" he says smiling brightly.

"Well, I mean, since you offered."


The next morning I wake up next to Jeremy in his bed. His arms are wrapped around me and upon noticing it, I chuckle. I nudge him awake and he tightens his grip on me.

"Hmm, no, Meg. Stop moving," he grumbles, not opening his eyes.

"I know I'm sexy, Jer, but please. We have to get up for school."

He laughs and finally lets me go.

"So this is how it's gonna be huh? You use my drugs and won't even let me have cuddle time with my sister. I feel used. Terribly used," he complains playfully.

"Uhh. Well we still have an hour and a half before we need to get up officially, so if you really wanna-" I say interrupted at the end by Jeremy pulling me back to him.

An hour later, Jer and I got out of his bed. I was heading toward the door when Jeremy grabbed my hand and pulled me back.

"Wait!"

"Hmm?" I say raising my eyebrows and looking at him.

"Get high with me first," he says pleadingly.

"Alright, JerBear," I say and he smiles brightly at me.

When I leave Jer's room I run into Elena.

"Hey, sissy."

"Did you just get high with Jeremy?" she asks frowning at me.

"What? No way," I say. Jeremy comes out of his room and bumps into me.

"What's the holdup-" he says and sees Elena standing there and scowls.

"What are you guys doing? You shouldn't be doing this," she says shaking her head at us.

I look at Jer and frown. "You're right, this is annoying," I stage whisper to him and he laughs.

I walk past Elena into my room and use the bathroom. I then put my clothes on and head downstairs with my bag in hand. I walk out the door with Jeremy and we go to my car.


Later in the day it's time for history and I am paying a lot of attention like I normally do. History is my favorite class, even with Tanner in it. I actually like him, although he is a dick.

I walk into class and take my seat. I look over and see Stefan watching me. I smile at him and he smiles back. I turn my head back to the front of the class.

"The Battle of Willow Creek took place right at the end of the war in our very own Mystic Falls. How many casualties resulted in this battle? Ms. Bennett?" Tanner asks.

"Um... a lot? I'm not sure. Like a whole lot."

"Cute becomes dumb in an instant, Ms. Bennett," he says and I laugh.

"Mr. Donovan? Would you like to take this opportunity to overcome your embedded jock stereotype?" he asks.

"It's ok, Mr. Tanner, I'm cool with it," Matt says and the class laughs.

"Hmm. Elena? Surely you can enlighten us about one of the town's most significantly historical events?"

"I'm sorry, I-I don't know," Elena says.

"I was willing to be lenient last year for obvious reasons, Elena. But the personal excuses ended with summer break," he says and I scowl lightly.

"There were 346 casualties. Unless you're counting local civilians," I say at the same time Stefan does. I look over at him surprised and see he is making the same face at me.

"That's correct. Mister... ?"

"Salvatore," Stefan answers still looking at me.

"Salvatore. Any relation to the original settlers here at Mystic Falls?"

"Distant," Stefan says turning his attention towards Tanner. I look at Elena and see she noticed the exchange. I smile at her and she raises her eyebrows at me in question. I shrug my shoulders at her and look back at Tanner.

"Well, very good. Except, of course, there were no civilian casualties in this battle," Tanner says.

"Actually, there were 27, sir," I say. I look back at Stefan and see him looking at me again. He smiles and I return it.

"She's right. Confederate soldiers, they fired on the church, believing it to be housing weapons. They were wrong. It was a night of great loss. The founder's archives are, uh, stored in civil hall if you'd like to brush up on your facts. Mr. Tanner," Stefan says and the class starts laughing.

I smile at Stefan again and he winks at me. I blush and look away. I see Elena staring at me again. I look at Tanner again.


I take Jer home after school. After I get dressed again we go to the party.

When I get there I part from Jeremy. I feel someone behind me and I turn around. I see Stefan and smile.

"Hi," Stefan says smiling.

"Hi," I say smiling as well.

"So, in class today that was pretty cool. I didn't know you knew history," he says.

I smirk and say, "There's a whole bunch of things you don't know about me."

"Is that so? Well I'm sure there's a lot of things you don't know about me too," he says smiling.

"Mhmm. Mysterious new guy. You better be careful. Girls love that kind of stuff. I don't know. I guess it's something about not knowing if the guy's a serial killer or not that really gets them."

"Well, you have the mysterious thing going, too. Twinged in sadness," he says after chuckling nervously.

"What makes you think that I'm sad?"

"Well, we did meet in a graveyard," he says.

"Well, I was really in there for Elena, but last spring my parents' car drove off of a bridge into the lake. Elena was in the backseat. She survived, they didn't. I used to blame her for, but it really wasn't her fault and I know that now. It doesn't stop me from being sad though."

"You won't be sad forever, Meg," he says smiling sadly at me.

"Well, Elena seems to be scowling in our, my, general direction. Better go before I steal you from her," I say glancing at Elena and starting to back away.

"Hey. No one's stealing anyone here. I'm a big boy I can talk to who I want to," he says grabbing my arm lightly.

I glance back at Elena and see her scowling at his hand on my arm. "You should tell Elena that," I say gesturing to her.

He nods and lets go. "Alright. I'll talk to her. I'll see you later okay?"

I nod smiling. I walk away and eventually bump into an angry-looking Tyler.

"Ooo. What's wrong, Lockwood?" I say smirking at him.

"Your brother is what's wrong. He just cock-blocked me," he says angrily.

'Perfect. I can get Stefan off my mind.'

"Well, I don't see him around now," I say looking around then grabbing his hand.

He smirks and pulls me towards the woods, kissing me.


As we're putting our clothes back on, I hear a scream. We look at each other and roll our eyes. We get back to the party and I see Jeremy carrying Vicki.

"Somebody help!" Elena yells. I rush over to Vicki's side and grab her hand.

"Vicki? Vicki, what the hell?!" Matt says looking at his sister as well.

"Come on, Vicki. Please be okay," I whisper to her.

"What happened to her?" Tyler asks.

"Somebody, call an ambulance!" Matt screams.

"Everybody back up, give her some space!" Tyler says and tries to grab me away from her. I give him my iciest glare and he lets go.

"It's her neck. Something bit her. She's losing a lot of blood," I say, looking at her neck and pressing my hand to it.

"Put this on her neck," someone says and hands me a cloth. I press it to her neck while Matt pleads with her.

"Vicki, Vicki, come on, open your eyes, look at me," Matt begs. I smile sadly at him and grab his hand with my free one.

The ambulance comes and they take Vicki and Matt goes with her. I stand by Elena and Bonnie comes up to us.

"Hey. We're gonna go to Mainline Coffee, wait for news," she says.

"I gotta take Jeremy home," Elena says. 'Saint Elena.'

"Guys, there's no way I'm psychic. I know that. But whatever I saw, or I think I saw, I have this feeling... " she says. I look at her curiously.

"Bonnie, what?" I ask.

"That it's just the beginning," she says. I get a chill and watch Elena walk over to Jeremy.

"You mind if I come with you? I'm worried enough as it is. I don't need Elena trying to convince me Vicki will be alright," I say

"Sure, but Caroline will be there," she says smiling at me.

'UUUUHHHHH'

"That's okay. Caroline I can hit. Elena I can't," I half-joke.

She shoves me with her shoulder and laughs.


We are sitting at the grill trying to sober up Caroline.

"Are you sober yet?" Bonnie asks.

"No," Caroline says sulking. I roll my eyes at her.

"Keep drinking. I gotta get you home. I gotta get me home. I gotta get Meg home," Bonnie says.

"Lies. I drove here," I say smirking at Bonnie.

"Why didn't he go for me? You know, how come the guys that I want never want me?" Caroline whines.

"Because you're annoying," I say under my breath and go to the bar.

I sit down next to a man in a leather jacket. He smirks at me and winks. I raise my eyebrows and smirk back.

"Hi," I say.

"Hello," he says and orders me a drink.

"Ooo. Tall, dark, handsome, and a trouble maker. That's my kind of guy," I say taking the drink.

"Well, good," he says smirking. He raises his glass to me.

"So, what's your name?" I ask.

"Damon Salvatore," he says sticking his hand out for me to shake.

"Meg Gilbert," I say, "So, Salvatore as in Stefan Salvatore?"

"Yep. He's my little brother," he says after he smirks at my name. 'Weird.'

"Stefan said he didn't talk to any of his siblings," I say quirking a brow.

"Stefan and I don't get along too well," he says.

"Oh. I can relate to that. Recently especially. It's actually your brother's fault kind of," I say.

"Oh. How so?" he says, his smirk widening.

"Well Elena, my twin, likes Stefan. And when Stefan laughs or smiles at me or something I say, she gets this horrible jealous look on her face. It's slightly funny I'll admit," I say chuckling.

"I see. Well, if it makes you feel better Stefan talks about you and Elena in equal terms," he says laughing.

"No. Doesn't really make me feel better," I say giggling.

"So, why did you leave your friends?" Damon asks.

"You see the blonde girl over there? The one with the pitiful look on her face," I say and we look back.

He nods at me, "Yeah. I see her," he says chuckling.

"She is very, very, very, very, very... verrrrrryyy annoying," I say. He busts out laughing and I smile at him.

"I see. She's giving me the look," Damon says.

"Uhh. She's so annoying. She's probably only looking at you because I'm sitting with you and now she's jealous," I say.

He laughs and says, "Watch."

I look at him and he winks back at her. I giggle and look at Caroline. She sees me and smirks smugly at me. I glare at her and she stops. I turn around and look at him.

"What did you do to her?" he asks smirking.

I give him the glare I gave Caroline and he flinches slightly.

"Jeez," he says laughing and I smile evilly.

"Well, it's been nice, but I have to get home before the fun police calls me," I say.

"Fun police?" Damon asks.

"Elena," I say rolling my eyes.

He laughs and says, "Wait. Here is my number." He hands me a napkin.

"Ooo, classy," I say sarcastically and write my number on a napkin, "And here is mine."

"Thank you," he says smirking again. 'That damn sexy smirk.'

"Bye, Damon."

"Bye, Meg."

I get up sending Caroline a smirk and leave the grill.


When I get back I see Stefan at the door I smile at him.

"Hey," I say.

"Hey. Where have you been?" he says looking worried. 'Weird,' I think.

"At the grill," I say quirking a brow, "I met your brother actually."

"You did? What he say? What did he do?" he asks frantically.

"Umm. He didn't do anything Stefan. He was really nice actually."

Elena opens the door, and I thank her internally for stopping 'Interrogation Stefan'.

"I know it's late. But, uh... I needed to know that you were okay," Stefan says to us both.

"You know, for months, that's all anyone's wondered about me. If I'll be okay," Elena says and I roll my eyes. 'So dramatic.'

"What do you tell them?" Stefan asks her.

"That I'll be fine," Elena says. I walk past Stefan into the house.

"Do you ever mean it?" I hear him ask as I start walking up the stairs.

"Ask me tomorrow. It's warmer in the house. We can talk. Would you like to come in?"

"Yes," Stefan says and I glance back seeing him looking at me. I smirk at him and start back up the stairs.

I go to my room and get out Damon's number.

'Your brother is here. He's talking to Elena while staring longingly at me walking up the stairs. -Meg'

I sit my phone down and put my night-clothes on. I hear a tapping and turn to see a crow at my window. I walk over to it and lift the glass. I reach to touch it and it pushes its head into my hand. I smile at it and shut the window back.

'Well, how about you ditch that brother and talk to me. -Damon'

'You have yourself a deal, Mr. Salvatore.'

We talked all night until Elena came into my room. She told me all that her and Stefan talked about, while I pretended to listen intently. I didn't share my conversation with Elena about the other Salvatore brother.

>