

A/N Hello, darlings. I decided to combine The Last Dance and Klaus just to speed things up some. I figured no one would mind.

Also... I'm so sorry for taking so long. I've been extremely busy. Hope you all enjoy this chapter.



The Last Dance



"Stefan. Would you like to come inside my house?" Elena asks.

"I would love to. Thank you," Stefan says and enters the house.

Elena and I share a look before looking at Damon.

"What are we, twelve?" he asks.

"One of us is. If I let you in, do you promise to obey the owners of this house?" I ask.

"No," Damon says.

"Seriously, Damon. Our way. You promised. We call the shots. No lies, no secret agendas. Remember?" Elena says.

"Yes, Elena. Sure," he says.

"Then please, come in," she says.

Damon walks in and looks at Stefan.

"Shut up," he says.

"Thanks," Elena says as Bonnie hands Elena her jacket.

"Wait, where are you going?" Stefan asks.

"To school," I say.

"Huh?" Stefan asks.

"No, no, no. We didn't create a safe house for you to leave it," Damon says.

"Yeah, guys, Klaus is out there. We know that," Stefan says.

"Right. But where? No one knows. Look, I really appreciate what you guys are doing. And I'll be able to sleep at night knowing that I'll be safe here, but I'm not going to be a prisoner," Elena says.

"Tsk. Your way, Elena," Damon says.

"Don't worry, I'm ready. If he shows his face, I can take him. Know how," Bonnie says.

"The way I see it, next to Bonnie is the safest place that I can be. Come on," Elena says and they walk out.

"For the record, I still think Bonnie will fail. I'm just not afraid of Klaus. Goodbye," I say and walk out of the house.


Elena throws something at me to get my attention so I turn to her. She's holding up the 60's decade dance poster and I smirk at her with a nod.

"Hells yeah," I say and look at Stefan who's shaking his head.

"Hello, class. What are we learning today?" Ric asks as he walks in.

"With the decade dance tonight, we've been covering the sixties all week," Dana says.

"Right. The sixties," Ric says and stares at Elena before staring at me.

I stick my tongue out at him before he turns back to the board.

"The, uh, ahem..." he says and starts writing on the board.

"The sixties. I wish there was something good I could say about the sixties, but... Actually, they kind of sucked. Except for the Beatles, of course. They made it bearable. Uh, what else was there? The Cuban missile thing, the... we walked on the moon. There was Watergate," Ric says and I raise my eyebrow at him.

"Watergate was the seventies, Ric. I mean, Mr. Saltzman," I say and salute him.

"Right. It all kind of mushes together up here, the sixties, seventies. Thank you, Meg," he says.


Jeremy pushes past me as I walk to the lunch table and I glare at his back.

"The hell is wrong with JereBear?" I ask.

"Bonnie's making him dress up," Elena says.

"He's such a baby," I say and shake my head.

"Hey, Elena, there you are. Okay. This is going to sound freaky, but this totally hot guy just asked me to ask you if you're going to the dance tonight," Dana asks

"Tell him she has a boyfriend," I say and shoo Dana with my hand.

"You could at least meet him. He'll be at the dance tonight. Look for him. His name is Klaus," Dana says and my body goes cold.

"I'm sorry, what did you just say?" Elena asks.

"His name's Klaus. I know the name's stupid, but I swear he's hot," Dana says.

I grab her shoulders and look into her eyes.

"Where is he? Is he here?" I ask.

"I don't know," she says.

"Compulsion," I say as I let her go.

"But he wants to know if you'll save him the last dance. How cute is that?" Dana says.


"So we go to the dance, we find him," Damon says.

"Really? How are we going to do that? We don't even know what he looks like," Stefan says.

"Something tells me he's not going to be sixteen and pimply," Damon says.

"He could be anywhere at any time. He compelled somebody at school," Stefan says and looks at us.

"I guess it's not as safe as you guys thought, huh?" Stefan asks and I roll my eyes.

Someone knocks on the door and Ric comes in.

"There you are," Damon says.

"Sorry I'm late," Ric says.

"Hey, I need you to put me down as a chaperone at the dance tonight. Klaus made his first move," Damon says.

"Okay. Yes, Damon. And how, pray tell, do you plan on fighting the Original vampire who can compel anyone he wants without leaving a trace?" I ask.

"Me. I'm the plan. He has no idea how much power I can channel. If you can find him, I can kill him," Bonnie says.

"I'm convinced! Let's put all our faith in the beginner witch!" I say and smile widely at everyone.

"That's not going to be that easy. I mean, he is the biggest, baddest vampire around," Ric says.

"See? Daddy's thinking straight," I say and Ric gives me a shocked look, to which I raise an eyebrow at him.

"Alaric has a point. I mean, what if he..." Damon says and rushes at Bonnie.

He gets thrown across the room by her powers and I laugh loudly.

"Well, I was impressed," Stefan says.

"It doesn't matter if he's an Original. I can take down anyone who comes at me. I can kill him, Elena. I know I can," Bonnie says and I roll my eyes.

"God, if Bonnie is our last hope, we're all gonna die," I say quietly to Ric as I pass him.


"Damon, touch me again and I'm gonna stake you," I say as I walk through the dancing crowd.

"I'm your date. Dance with me," he says, but wisely doesn't touch me.

"You're my self-proclaimed date. Leave me alone," I say as I look for Ric.

"Dad!" I call out when I see him, but he doesn't turn.

I grab his shoulder and spin him around.

"Did you lose your ears? I was calling you," I say and he smiles.

"Sorry, love. Didn't hear you," he says.

"Love? Okay then," I say with a laugh, "Stick by me, okay? If you get hurt, I'm gonna kill you."

"Alright," he says and smiles, although he looks annoyed.

"Don't gimme that look. I will slap you. My parents happen to be a magnet for death. And you're my last one. I'd hate to have to murder Klaus with my bare hands for killing you," I say and turn towards the stage as Dana starts speaking.

"Thanks for being here, everybody. We have a special shout-out tonight," she says.

"Oh, I wonder who it's from," I say and waggle my eyebrows at Ric.

"This is for Elena. From Klaus," Dana says and a song starts playing.

"Ahhh. Look at that bait!" I say and elbow Ric playfully.

"What do you mean?" Ric asks.

"You know our friends. They'll either spaz or calmly take care of this," I say, "Let's see which one."

Damon walks over to us and I point at him.

"Go away," I say and he narrows his eyes.

"Special dedication, huh? This guy's a little twisted," Ric says.

"I'm not impressed," Damon says and I turn my head to him.

"No?" Ric asks.

"Damon's never impressed by cleverness," I say.

"You're sticking up for Klaus now?" Damon asks.

"Hey. He's got style. It's hard not to stick up for him," I say, "Too bad he wants to murder all my friends and family. I'm sure we'd be great friends."

"Let me know if you see anything out of whack," Damon says before rolling his eyes and leaving.

"Dancing time," I say and grab Ric's hand.

"Shouldn't we be on the lookout?" Ric asks and I roll my eyes.

"I am. I'm watching you," I say, "Because, again, if you get hurt, I'm going to murder you."

"One dance, Meg. Then I'm going to the bathroom," Ric says.

"Old people are lame," I say and he spins me around.

"I'm not old," he says.

"You're at least a thousand years old, Ric," I say with a laugh.


"What's with the faces?" I ask as I find Bonnie and Elena.

"Bonnie's on a suicide mission," Elena says.

"Let me guess. Using the magic will kill her?" I ask and Elena nods, "I knew it was too good to be true."

"I'm doing it," she says.

"Oh, boy. Well, don't let me stop you!" I say.

"Meg!" Elena says.

"What?" I ask.

"Elena! Meg!" Ric says as he rushes over.

"What is it?" Elena asks.

"He has Jeremy," Ric says.

"What?" Elena and Bonnie say.

"Fuck!" I say.

"Yeah, Klaus has Jeremy. Come on," Ric says and we follow after him.


"Okay, so where are you taking us?" Elena asks.

"Just a little further," Ric says.

"Wait... Something's not right," I say.

"Where's Jeremy?" Bonnie asks.

Ric stops walking then laughs.

"I just had to get away from that dance. The sixties, ugh. Not my decade," he says and laughs.

"I mean, whose call was that, anyway? I much prefer the twenties. The style, the parties, the jazz," Ric says.

"Alaric. Are you on vervain?" Elena asks.

"Now why would you ask me that question, Elena?" Ric asks.

"He's being compelled," Elena says.

"Nope. Try again," Ric says.

"Stop fucking around!" I say.

"You're worse than a sailor. Okay, I'll give you a hint. I am not Alaric," Ric says.

"Klaus!" Elena says and Ric Klaus smiles widely.

"Surprise!" Klaus says.

"You bitch!" I say.

"Just relax, Meg. I'm not here to hurt you or Elena. You're not on my hit list tonight," he says and looks at Bonnie.

"But you are," he says and starts walking towards Bonnie.

She throws him against the wall with her powers and I scream.

"Careful!" I scream as he gets up.

"Now, did I mention that I knew a witch? You're gonna have to hit me a lot harder than that," Klaus says.

He runs to her and she throws him against a display case, smashing the glass. He falls to the ground, laughing.

"By all means... Fire away!" Klaus says and gets up.

"If you kill this body, I'll just get a new one. Maybe Jeremy," Klaus says and I growl.

"Go. Run. Run!" Bonnie says and we take off down the hallway.

Damon runs through a set of doors and meets us at the end.

"What happened?" Damon asks.

"Klaus is in Alaric's body," I say.

"What?" Damon asks.

"He's possessing it or something," Bonnie says.

"Go find Stefan. Now," Damon says to us.

"I swear to God, Bonnie! If you hurt Ric, I'm gonna chop you up into little pieces and take you to Klaus!" I say as Elena pulls me away with her.


"Hey! Are you okay?" Caroline asks.

"Um... Yeah. We're just... We're looking for Stefan," Elena says and I spot him across the gym.

"Seriously, what's wrong?" Caroline asks.

"Uh, just, um, just stay with Matt, okay?" Elena says.

We walk over to Stefan and explain the situation. We quickly run back into the hallway and run into Damon.

"There you are," he says.

"What are you doing? Where's Bonnie?" Elena asks.

"She's doing what she has to do," Damon says.

"What?!" I ask.

"Where is she?" Stefan asks.

"Stefan, let her do this," Damon says.

"Damnit, Damon, where is she?!" Stefan asks.

"I changed my mind! I'm chopping Bonnie up then I'm force-feeding her to Damon! Then I'm gonna chop Damon up and send him to Klaus!" I say and lung at Damon, snapping his neck.

"Meg!" Elena says.

"No! Fuck you!" I say as I run through the hallways looking for Klaus and Bonnie.

I find them in the cafeteria but Bonnie slams the doors shut with her powers.

"Bonnie!" I scream as I see Ric's possessed body crawling on the floor.

Stefan and Elena find us and I scream as lights start exploding in the room.

Stefan tries to open the doors but he can't.

Bonnie looks at Elena and smiles before Klaus gets up and she turns to him. She suddenly jerks backwards and falls down.

Stefan and Elena rush to Bonnie as I look around for Klaus, but he's gone.

"No! Oh! Bonnie! Bonnie, Bonnie! Bonnie! Hey, hey," Elena says and holds Bonnie.

"Stefan, she's not breathing!" Elena says and starts crying.

"Stefan! Stefan, I can't find her pulse! Stefan! Do something, please! Stefan, please! Just give her blood, do something, please!" Elena says.

I turn around and see a grumpy Damon.

"Nice, Meg," he says as he walks into the cafeteria.

I run away from the cafeteria and into the parking lot. I scream as loud as I can and someone rushes over to me.

"Hey, Meg. Are you alright?" the boy, David, asks.

"If you don't leave, you're gonna get hurt," I say and he slowly backs away.

I walk over to my car and punch through the window of the car next to it. I get in my car and watch the cuts in my hand heal back up before driving out of the parking lot.


"Meg," Elena says as she walks into the library.

"Bonnie's fine. Great, right? Only Ric's being possessed by Klaus. So that's great," I say and toss a glass into the wall.

"Shhh..." she says and quickly rushes over.

"What?" I mouth, sensing secrecy.

"Follow me," she mouths and starts walking away.

I follow her out and into the basement. The corner of my mouth lifts as she opens the cellar door. I follow her into the room and watch as she removes the dagger from Elijah's body.

I sit down on the other side of his body and smile at her. She smiles back slightly and I look down at Elijah.



Klaus



Elijah suddenly jolts awake and Elena rushes to him.

"Elijah," she says.

"Katerina!" he says and I join them on the floor.

"Elijah! It's me, it's Elena," she says.

"Oh my god," he says and closes his eyes.

I get closer to him and hold his arm. He starts spasming then gets up, gasping for air.

"I can't-I can't breathe! What's happening to me?" Elijah asks.

He tries to run out of the door, but he slams into the doorway.

I speed to him and hold him up.

"I can't... I can't be in this house," he says.

"You're not invited in," I say in realization.

"Then get me out of here," he says before slamming into another wall and speeding away.

I speed after him and to the front door, paying little mind to Elena.

Elijah is crouching outside and he looks up at me. He gets up and rushes at me, but bounces back against the threshold.

"What happened?" he asks.

"Shh!" Elena says as she comes up behind me.

"I'll tell you. Not here. Can I trust you?" Elena whispers.

"Can I trust you?" he whispers back.

She hands him the dagger and he takes it from her.


Elena starts up her car and I sit next to Elijah in the back, handing him a blood bag.

We drive off and after we've gotten far enough away, I turn to Elijah.

"If I can just clarify, I had no idea of the dagger plan. When I found out, I-" I say and Elijah interrupts me.

"I know. You don't have to explain yourself," he says.

Elena pulls the car over and looks back at us.

"You look better," Elena says.

"Where did you get the dagger?" Elijah asks.

"I'll tell you everything. But we have to work together, Elijah. I need your word," Elena says.

"Your ability to make demands has long passed," Elijah says.

"No demands. I'm offering you my help. And in return, I want yours," Elena says.

"And why should I even consider this?" Elijah asks.

"The same reason that you haven't killed me. You need my help to kill Klaus. And I need you," Elena says.

Elena's phone starts vibrating and she answers it.

"Where are you? Are you okay?" Stefan asks.

"Yes, I'm fine," she says.

"Where's Elijah?" Stefan asks.

"He's right here," she says.

"Where? I'm on my way," he says.

"No, Stefan. Elijah, Meg, and I need some time alone," she says.

"Meg's with you? Listen to me. He can't be trusted. He'll use you to get to Klaus," he says.

"Elijah is a noble man, Stefan. He lives by a code of honor. I can trust him. He knows that I'd be incredibly stupid to betray him again. By removing the dagger, I have proven myself," Elena says.

"You can't do this alone," he says.

"I'm not. And it's our decision, Stefan. Please respect it. And make sure that Damon doesn't do anything stupid. I'll be in touch," she says and hangs up.

Elijah reaches for her phone and she hands it over. He puts it in his pocket before holding his hand out to me. I hold a finger up and wait for my phone to start ringing.

It starts vibrating and I pull it out to see Damon's face on the screen. I slide to answer it and wink at Elijah.

"Meg's Whore House. You got the dough, we got the hoe," I say and Damon chuckles humourlessly.

"Meg, what the hell do you think you're doing?" Damon asks.

"Sitting in a car with my twin sister, Elena, and my bestie, Elijah. What are you doing?" I ask casually.

"Cut the comedy act, Megara," he says and I gasp, putting a hand to my chest.

"Full name usage. Oh, dear. Damon's upset," I say.

"Get your ass back here," he says.

"Mmmm. No. I'm good," I say.

"Now!" he says and I hang up the phone.

"Here you go," I say and hand my phone to Elijah.

"He's here," Elena says.

"Klaus is here?" Elijah asks.

"He's taken over Alaric's body," Elena says.

"I'm so happy about that one," I say sarcastically.

"Of course he has. One of his favorite tricks," Elijah says.

"Well, what are his other tricks? What is he going to do next? You're the only one who knows him," Elena says.

"Yes, I do," Elijah says.


Elijah knocks on the door of the Lockwood Mansion and Carol opens it.

"Elijah, Meg, Elena! What are you doing here? What happened?" Carol asks.

"I've had a bit of an incident, Carol. I'm hoping you could help," Elijah says.

"Well, I'm on my way to a meeting, so I-" Carol says.

"It won't take but a minute of your time," Elijah says and she smiles.

"Of course. Anything you need," she says.

"Thank you," he says and we follow her into the house.

"Well, first things first. I'm going to need a change of clothing," Elijah says.

"Well, we can try one of my husband's suits. I haven't boxed them up yet," she says.

"Wonderful," he says and she heads upstairs.

"How did you know she's not on vervain?" Elena asks.

"'Cause I'm the one who got her off it. Right before you and your friends killed me. Twice. If you'll excuse me, I'll be down in a moment," he says and heads upstairs as well.


We sit down in the living room, Elijah in a new, clean suit.

"So I assume that the Martin witches are no longer with us," Elijah says.

"No. I'm sorry," Elena says.

"And Katerina? She would have been released from my compulsion when I died," he says.

"Klaus took her. I assume she's rotting in hell," I say.

"I doubt that. Not Klaus' style. Death would be too easy for her after what she did," Elijah says.

"I don't understand. You say that you want Klaus dead, but you still made Katherine pay for betraying him," Elena says.

"I have my own reasons for wanting Katerina to pay. There was a time... I'd have done anything for Klaus," Elijah says then begins to tell us a story about his past.


"Hold on. Klaus-" I say.

"Yes. Klaus is my brother," Elijah says.

"I heard that. I'm still processing," Elena says.

"Yes, I'm a little behind on the times, but I believe the term you're searching for is 'OMG'," he says and takes a sip of tea before continuing his story.


"There's a whole family of Originals?" I ask.

"My father was a wealthy land owner in a village in Eastern Europe. Our mother bore seven children," Elijah says.

"So your parents were human?" Elena asks.

"Our whole family was. Our origin as vampires is a very long story. Just know... We're the oldest vampires in the world. We are the Original family, and from us all vampires were created," he says.

"Right, but Klaus is your brother. And you want him dead?" I ask, unable to process wanting to kill my siblings.

"I need some air. I'm still feeling a tad... dead. Come," he says and stands up.

We follow him outside and I study his face closely as he talks.

"So as you've seen, nothing can kill an Original. Not Sun, not fire, not even a werewolf bite. Only the wood from one tree. A tree my family made sure burned," he says.

"Only logical," I say and he smiles slightly.

"That's where the white ash for the dagger comes from," Elena says.

"Yes. The witches won't allow anything truly immortal to walk the earth. Every creature needs to have a weakness in order to maintain the balance," he says.

"So the Sun can't kill an Original. Why is Klaus so obsessed with breaking the Sun and Moon curse?" Elena asks.

"Right. The curse of the sun and the moon. It's all so... biblical-sounding, don't you think?" he asks with something of a smirk on his face.

"Oh, god… What?" I ask.


"I don't understand. So Klaus drew the Aztec sketches about the curse?" Elena asks.

"Roman scrolls, African tribal etchings, and any other culture or continent we felt like planting in it," he says.

"But why?" she asks.

"Easiest way to discover the existence of a doppelgänger or to get your hands on some long, lost moonstone is to have every single member of two warring species on the lookout," Elijah says.

"So it's not Aztec at all?" Elena asks.

"The curse of the Sun and the Moon... is fake. It doesn't exist," he says and starts walking away from us.

I quickly follow him, Elena asking, "What?!" behind us before following.

"Klaus and I faked the sun and moon curse dating back over a thousand years," Elijah says.

"But if there's no curse..." Elena says.

"There's a curse. Just not that one. The real one's much worse. It's a curse placed on Klaus," Elijah says.

"What?" I ask.

"Klaus has been trying to break it for the last thousand years. And you are his only hope," Elijah says, looking at Elena.

A phone starts vibrating in Elijah's pocket.

"What curse?" I ask.

"Your phone will not stop its incessant buzzing. Answer it, please," he says, taking out Elena's phone.

She quickly answers it.

"Stefan... what's wrong? No. No, no, no, no. Okay, I'll be right there," she says and hangs up before looking at Elijah.

"Klaus went after Jenna. I have to go to her," Elena says.

"I'm afraid that wasn't part of today's arrangement," Elijah says.

"I'll stay here. Leverage," I say and he nods.

"Fine," he says.

"I'll be back. You have my word," she says.

"That doesn't mean anything to me until you live up to it," he says.

"Thank you," she says and runs to her car.

"Do you think she'll come back?" Elijah asks.

"I sure hope so," I say.

"Would you like to go inside? We can sit by the fireplace and chat," he says and I nod.

"I'd love to," I say and he holds an arm out.

I hook my arm through his and let him lead me to the house.

"So Klaus the Mouse is really your brother?" I ask.

"Don't let him hear you call him that," Elijah says with a laugh.


Elena walks back into the living room and Elijah gives me a slight smile.

"Welcome back," Elijah says.

"Tell me. What is Klaus's curse?" Elena asks as she takes off her jacket.

"Please," Elijah says and gestures for Elena to sit across from us.

"My family was quite close, but Klaus and my father did not get on too well. When we became vampires, we discovered the truth. Klaus was not my father's son. My mother had been unfaithful many years before. This was her darkest secret. Klaus is from a different bloodline. Of course, when my father discovered this, he hunted down and he killed my mother's lover and his entire family. Not realizing, of course, that he was igniting a war between species that rages until this day," Elijah says.

"The vampires and werewolves..." I say in sudden understanding.

"Very good, Meg," Elijah says.

"So Klaus' real father was from a werewolf bloodline? What does that make Klaus? A werewolf? Or a vampire?" Elena asks.

"He's both. A hybrid would be deadlier than any werewolf or vampire. Nature would not stand for such an imbalance of power. Therefore, the witches, the servants of nature, saw to it that my brother's werewolf side would become dormant," Elijah says.

"That's the curse that Klaus wants to break," I say more than ask.

"He wants to trigger that part of him that's a werewolf. If allowed, Klaus would sire his own bloodline. He'd build his own race. Endangering not just vampires, but everyone," Elijah says.

"But you helped him?" Elena asks.

"I helped him because I loved him. That's changed, now he must die," Elijah says and I frown slightly.

"We have the dagger now. We can stop him," Elena says.

"When a werewolf is wounded by silver, it heals. An Original can't be killed by anything but white oak ash on a silver dagger. So you see the conundrum. The dagger does not work," Elijah says.

"What? Are you saying that Klaus can't be killed?" Elena asks.

"There's one way to kill any supernatural species... at the hands of the servants of nature themselves," Elijah says.

"Witches. But to channel that much power, it would kill them," I say.

"The curse must be broken during the full moon. When Klaus is in transition. That's when he'll be at his most vulnerable. A witch with enough power... can kill Klaus," Elijah says.

"What if I told you that I knew a witch that could channel that much power?" Elena asks.

"Then I would tell you there's one more thing that you should know," Elijah says and begins another story.


"You found a way to save the life of the doppelgänger?" Elena asks.

"Yes, Elena. I did. But unfortunately, Katerina took matters into her own hands first. I believe you already know how that played out," Elijah says.

"You cared about her, didn't you?" I ask.

"It's a common mistake, I'm told. And it's one I won't make again," Elijah says before standing up and walking out of the room.


As we walk up to the boarding house, I hear a loud crash. I look at Elijah to see him looking curiously at the house.

"Elijah, please come in," I say and we walk into the house.

We walk towards the fighting noises and enter the room to see Damon and Stefan fighting each other.

"Stop!" Elena screams and I cross my arms while staring at them.

Damon and Stefan turn to look at us.

"Now you've invited him in?" Damon asks.

"Elijah and I have renewed the terms of our deal," Elena says.

"Really?" Damon asks.

"The two of you will come to no harm at my hands. I only ask for one thing in return," Elijah says.

"What?" Damon asks.

"An apology," he says.

"A what?" Damon asks as Stefan walks closer to us.

"I'm sorry for the part that I played in your death. I was protecting Elena. I will always protect Elena and Meg," Stefan says and I'm confused as to why he said my name.

"I understand," Elijah says and we all look at Damon.

"The sacrifice is going to happen, Damon. Bonnie will be able to kill Klaus without hurting herself and Elijah knows how to save my life. I told you I'd find another way. And I did," Elena says.

"Is that true?" Damon asks.

"It is," Elijah says and Damon looks at me.

"And you're trusting him?" Damon asks.

"Yes, Damon," I say.

"You can all go to hell," Damon says and walks out of the room.

"He's angry with me right now. But he'll come around," Stefan says.

"Perhaps," Elijah says.



Review Responses




CherryBlossoms016
-
I'm planning her to be with both Klaus and Kol. Kol mainly though. As for Klaus and Caroline… Most likely won't happen at all.


Gairah
-
They will be friends eventually and well as slight lovers for a short time.


Scorpirose221b
-
Quite the meltdown I'd say. And yes… He was very confused.


Mari Wollsch-

Sorry, darling… I've been quite busy


blue-lily295-

It is indeed. The big bad Klaus. Elijah is also definitely BFF material.


pinklips90-

Yessss. Thank you, darling.


Guest-

I'm glad you enjoy this story.


aleksjoly-

Team Aleks 4ever :P. Thanks, darling.


Guest
-
This is a story for fun. But I've also done a lot of research. If my story is so bad, why did you feel the need to comment on and read multiple chapters? Move on. You don't know what you're talking about anyways. They literally said "Petrova" and "doppelganger" in those episodes… And she only dated like two guys at that point. Elena dates multiple guys and that's okay? As for the not caring. Where do you see that? She was upset and not a very coddling person. Go be negative to someone who cares. Tootles.


XxPanXx
-
Elena bothers me so much, but I have to do some sibling love because it's her sister. I'm trying to keep Damon away from that annoying puppy shit and more towards his personality in Season One. And yes… Kol will be her "true love" after a while.


Jordan
-
I shall say a few things… Baby with Klaus? Hell yeah. Klaroline or Klami? Hell no. However, there are so many Klaus stories… Kol gets no love :(


Guest(s)-

Klaus will be a love interest. Worry not.


Mika the Supreme Ninja-

Thank you again, darling :)


Chloe West17031999-

Thanks, darling.


Scribleyellow
-
I love him too. He's so great.


Guest
-
Here he is… Sorta.


ImperfectWarrior
-
Thank you :)

>