


Chapter 39: Grand Magic Games Day 4





Grand Magic Games Arena


The following morning Natsu, Mirajane, Lucy and Wendy found themselves arriving with a majority of the spectators in an attempt to blend into the crowd so they could get a better read on the crowd's decisions for them. Mirajane, being the only one that had perfected transformation magic, had changed herself to appear as an elderly woman with long gray hair and a hunch back. To her left was Wendy in only a slight transformation that merely changed her hair color to match that of Erza's. Mirajane had her arm wrapped around Wendy's offered hand so she could play the part even better.

Lucy walked a few feet behind them in a dark brown wig that covered her eyes and a cloak that dropped well past her ankles and barely drug along the ground behind her, only parting in the front at her knees so she wouldn't step on it. Thus far their information had proved to be fruitless because all anyone could talk about was the potential of seeing the Dragon Slayer twins kick ass once again this year.

"I can't believe they threatened to kill their next opponent!" Someone nearby whispered harshly to the person they were standing next to. Natsu perked up and picked up his pace to stand on the other side of the woman speaking, his cloak covering everything from his knees up as Lucy was wearing his usual cloak.

"Oh come on, they didn't do anything like that. They just played the game right way; they showed that they aren't afraid to push the boundaries to show that they won't take the easy way out." The woman's companion replied with a smirk.

"How can you say that? It almost sounds like you want to see blood!"

"No, I'm just saying… if something were to happen in the battle, that bastard might finally meet his end." The man reasoned with a shrug.

Natsu couldn't stop himself, his prankish nature sparking up once again. "You wouldn't happen to mean that Dragon Slayer from Fairy Tail would you?"

The two that had been talking about him flinched and took a couple of steps away from him suddenly. They looked him over for a few seconds and found that they were unable to discern who he was because of his cloak. "I ain't gonna say that we weren't, but what if we were?" The man asked hesitantly.

Natsu barked a short laugh. "Just curious to see who you would have him fight. What with those women and how strong they seem, you don't know how strong he could be. Strong women don't usually flock to weaklings."

"He's nothing special; I've seen him fight before. Parlor tricks and some speed is all he has, nothing to bat your eyes at. Frankly I'm surprised at what they say he's done; I don't believe he could have taken out any of those Dark Guilds like they said."

"Please tell me you voted for him to battle." Natsu said, his excitement leaking out.

"Are you kidding me? Of course I did, hell I don't know anyone that didn't throw a vote his way to see his ass get kicked."

Natsu couldn't hold it back anymore and pushed the hood back. The two he had been talking to froze and started to sweat. "Please, tell me more about how I'm going to get my ass handed to me." He gave them a large grin, amusement playing across his features. "I'd like to hear it." Though they detected no hint of malice in his voice, the two couldn't help but be afraid of what he might do. His voice fell into a near whisper, his eyes losing their shine. "Tell me, please… why do you hate me so?"

The sadness in his voice shocked the two but Lucy stepped up to his side and pushed the hair out of her eyes before they could speak. "Master requested we head up to the booth before the Games start, he said we have a guest."

Natsu frowned and gave a brief nod. "Might as well not keep them waiting." He held out his hand to her, palm up. Lucy placed her hand in his and grinned as he kissed her knuckles. "Shall we?" He cut a a glance over at the two for a moment before looking back up into Lucy's eyes

"That may be for the best." Lucy giggled. The two disappeared in a small vortex of black fire, leaving not only the two that they were talking to shocked, but everyone else that hadn't noticed them.

"Maybe we were wrong about him…"

"You're just saying that because you like he's hot." The woman said with a smirk.

"I don't swing that way!"

"Could'a fooled me."



Fairy Tail's Booth


Natsu and Lucy appeared in a flash in much the same stance that they were in previously, Lucy's knuckles in front of Natsu's lips. He let her hand go when he saw their visitor. Everyone could see that the smile he wore was forced yet they were happy that he was being respectful thus far. "What can I do for you Trinity?" He flinched inwardly, the name tasting like ash on his tongue.

As much as he despised their last interactions with her, he couldn't make himself say that he hated her or even wished her ill. No in fact he understood where she was coming from and knew that he had no ground to stand on to judge her. He had done the exact same thing five years prior with one of the men that Lucy had tried to date while he was gone. He still remembered the look of fear on the man's face as he repeatedly bloodied the man. He also remembered how good it felt to do it.

Trinity, for her part, looked guilty. "I understand you had a run in with my Guild mates last night. I came here to apologize for how they acted." Natsu sighed at the sincerity in her voice. "As much as I told them that this is between us, they wouldn't listen. This is between you, me and Wendy. I don't want to bring anyone else into this."

Lucy answered for Natsu. "It could have been worse had he not seen the attack coming. Thank you for coming and ensuring that this wasn't part of your intentions."

"But of course, I may not like you and wish that I was in your place…" Trinity saw how amicable she was being and froze for a moment. This wasn't how she had planned it, she had meant to step in and apologize for what had happened and that was it. "Just because I'm being polite doesn't mean that I won't stop trying to claim my rightful place by his side. He is my King and I will claim my place as his Queen." She spun on her heel and started down the stairs without another word.

"She isn't dead." He said just before she was out of earshot. "She still lives inside Mirajane, one of my mates."

Trinity stopped and cast a smirk over her shoulder. "Make sure she doesn't get away from her, we both know she'll kill you to get to your father."

"No longer a problem. Igneel's gone, for good this time." Natsu's voice broke at the end of his claim, his sadness leaking through. He could tell by the look on Trinity's face that she was caught between offering him her sympathy for his loss and her excitement that he wouldn't be in danger from her mother any longer.

"That makes you our king." She stated softly, opting for the middle ground. She gave him a soft smile that turned into a grin. "You realize this means I have to try harder now. Fire Dragons have held the throne for centuries, we expect you to take us to the next level." She turned and ran off down the stairs to get to her own team's booth.

Mirajane and Wendy appeared from the other hallway and hence didn't see the conversation between the two Dragon Slayers. "Did you two find out anything useful?" Natsu watched as Mirajane dropped her transformation and stretched her back to work the kinks out of it from walking around hunched for so long.

"Ahhhh, that's better." She half moaned to herself before answering. "A few people voted to see all of the Dragon Slayers fight since we have three and Sabertooth has three as well. A couple people hope to see you taken down a peg after your 'trial'. Nothing concrete though, most everyone is thinking of a different fight than everyone else."

Natsu hummed in thought. "We'll just have to see what happens then."

As if on cue with their conversation, three figures stepped up to the judges table and activated their lacrima viewers to project their presence around the arena. They stood there for a few moments as everyone quieted down, the two obvious judges being Mato and Yajima. The previous was the King of Fiore and the mascot of the Grand Magic Games, the latter being an ex-member of the Magic Council. The third member and guest judge of the day, just so happened to be Lahar of the Rune Knights once again. Without question, it was obvious that Mirajane's comment the previous day had gotten more than just a few on edge.

It only took a few moments before all conversation stalled and everyone's attention was solely on the three figures. "
Thank you, once again, for joining us for yet another day of the Grand Magic Games!
" Mato waited while a round of cheers went up. "
Today we have a special treat for everyone. After we tallied your votes, we have finally come up with the ten most requested battles! Now, I hate to bring this up, but the most commonly requested battle pitted a Guild against their own teammates. We have however taken it upon ourselves to give you an extremely action packed day. We will start with the tenth most requested battle. So, without further ado, we have our first battle to commence! Can we have Toby from Lamia Scale and Millianna of Mermaid Heel down to the arena?
"

The two chosen members were surprised that they had been chosen, but quickly made their way down to the arena, standing a few yards from the other. "
As the tenth most requested battle, most of our spectators have requested a battle between our two most 'animalistic' fighters!
" The crowd's cheering was only drowned out by the booming voice of Mato. "
Begin!
"


The battles continued quickly from there; Flare found herself against Chelia, Rogue and Sting found themselves going up against Lyon and Jura, and Bacchus found himself up against Nullpudding and Kurohebi. Chelia had managed to keep Flare's hair magic at bay for a considerable amount of time before the woman had wrapped a few stray strands along the Sky God Slayer's ankles, from there it had only been a matter of time before Chelia was put down to submission. Despite Jura and Lyon's incredible Magical Energy, they could not stand up to the two Dragon Slayers when they worked in tandem. If the two had been set apart things might have ended up differently, but together the Dragon Slayers were a near unstoppable force. Even Bacchus' battle with Nullpudding and Kurohebi was more than one-sided when, after consuming his sake, neither of the two Raven Tail members could land a blow on the Drunken Palm fighter.

"
Now for the sixth most requested battle! Can we have Erza Scarlett and Kagura Mikazuchi down to the arena please? It is a battle of Fiore's resident Weapon Mistresses!
" Toma called out with both hands in the air waving about excitedly.

The two women locked eyes across the arena, tension rising considerably. Only through Master Makarov's intervention by settling a hand on her shoulder did the two break eye contact and throw themselves over the railing, landing soundlessly on the stone flooring. They stopped within range of one another where Kagura clenched her hand down on the sheath of her blade.

Suddenly, as if the previous few moments hadn't even happened, Erza smiled. "What do you say we stick purely to our swords rather than our other abilities? We wouldn't want to give everything away before our final battle tomorrow now would we?"

Kagura frowned and narrowed her eyes. She had heard of Era's prowess with weapons, but knew that the woman wasn't one to hold back and thus assumed that she was being insulted. "Do you truly believe that you wouldn't have to utilize everything you are capable of to defeat me?"

Erza's eyes hardened. "Quite the opposite, I simply wish to gauge my ability against someone of your renowned stature. If you truly wish to go all out, I do not know who will walk away as the winner today, but I do know that neither of us will be ready to fight tomorrow, let alone if either of us have more fights today."

Kagura kept her level gaze at her opponent. "If you wish to settle this as a swordsman, then that is acceptable. As much as I despise your words, they hold a ring of truth to them. I accept your terms."

Toma hopped up and down on one foot, then the other. "
Now that you two have settled your differences I will once again explain the rules of our competition. First off, this is not a match for points; this is a match for bragging rights and to determine the abilities of your opponents. As you two have decided, only swords are to be used during this fight, any other use of magic or weapons will end in disqualification. The battle will end when either fighter is rendered unable to fight, is knocked out of the arena, or is disqualified from our earlier stipulation. Good luck to the both of you, Begin!
"

Erza dropped into her fighting stance and immediately cast her right hand out to the side, commanding her magic into her hand to bring a two and a half foot longsword into her hand. By the stance that Kagura fell into, Erza knew that it was her turn to start offensively. She released a short battle cry and launched herself forward taking her longsword in both hands to bring it down in a diagonal slash.

The attack was brushed aside just enough that the blade passed within mere inches of her opponent. Kagura continued to deflect the redhead's attacks with a passive expression, barely moving enough to ensure the attacks wouldn't hit her. "This is pathetic." Kagura droned out. "I expected more from you, Titania."

Erza, not one to back down from a fight, spun to her right and unleashed a strong backhanded swing. The tip whistled through the air only to be followed by a sharp cry of pain and surprise with sounds of metal bouncing along the stone arena.

"My sword!" Erza jumped back in shock and stared down at the useless piece of metal in her hand. She sent a glare over at Kagura, tossing the handle from her grasp to let it disappear back into her armory.

"You didn't really think something like that could go up against my archenemy did you?" Kagura swiped her still sheathed sword in front of her for emphasis. "I think this fight is over since you…" She lifted an eyebrow when Erza requipped two short swords.

"So I can't overpower you with my strength. I'll just have to find another way to take you down!" Once again Erza threw herself forward intent on proving herself. The purple haired swordsman was forced to take a couple of steps back in order to keep her defense up from the increasingly fast strikes.

Despite being pushed back, Kagura managed to slip in a couple of quick counterattacks. At first, the few that she managed to land seemed nothing, but as the attacks wore on Erza could tell that the lack of quality in her swords would eventually lead to her downfall. In the meantime she would have to give it everything she had and hope that she proved her worth to her team.

Just as the sword in Erza's left hand broke, Kagura decided to take the initiative and end the fight. In a surprising amount of speed she dropped low to the ground and swept Erza's lead foot out from under her. Kagura spun and unleashed a heavy swing at the falling woman, knowing that Erza was fast enough to block it. When Erza brought up her remaining sword to block the blow, Kagura powered through it and, having weakened the metal already, Kagura's sword shattered the remaining short sword that Erza still held.

Kagura stopped the sheath of her blade a hairs breadth away from slamming into Erza's unprotected neck. "I will admit, with the right weapons you would be a formidable foe, but without the right equipment you stood no chance." Erza merely smirked up from her kneeling position.

"You shouldn't always assume you have won just because your weapon is stronger. Sometimes a broken weapon can be just as dangerous as a perfectly fixed one." Erza stated calmly.

"Will you not surrender? It is clear that I have…" A pressure at Kagura's chest, just below her ribs forced her to stop and look down. In Erza's hand was her broken sword with a jagged edge pressed against Kagura's jacket. Without any protective garments on it would take but a feeble amount of pressure to stab through the cloth and pierce skin.

Suddenly Kagura smiled and let out a mirthless chuckle. "It would seem that we are at an impasse…" The two locked eyes once again and let silence reign around them. Both of them remained unmoving, unwilling to give in to the other's will just because they were in a tight spot.

Finally, after what seemed like several minutes, the two parted and pulled their weapons away from the other with Erza letting her sword disappear into her inventory once again, the metal pieces lying on the floor glowing brightly for a moment before they too disappeared. Once again, neither fighter voiced their opinions or conclusions to how the fight would end.

Without a roar to indicate she was attacking, Kagura leapt forward with her lead foot aiming to capitalize on Erza's weaponless stance. She swiped in a diagonal slash from Erza's right shoulder towards her left leg, aiming to cut through Erza's Heart Kreuz Armor. Erza, in a last ditch effort to protect herself, jumped back out of the way and managed to get away with a small slice across her shoulder and partially down her chest. It wasn't deep enough to cut through her now exposed skin, but it showed that despite the blunt edge of the sheath, whatever powers the sword held could still enable the wielder to cut.

The weaponless Titania continued to leap back from countless strikes that Kagura continued to swing at her, every movement fluid with the next attack, no amount of energy wasted. Eventually, the attacks started to beat down on Erza's armor, and once she got the chance to create some distance between them she grabbed the right arm of her armor that shook with every move and pulled it away from the scraps that held it in place only to toss it to the side.

Before Kagura could continue her assault, Erza ran towards her and leapt high into the air with a roar. She cupped her hands together and drew upon her magic. As she descended she caught the small disgusted expression Kagura gave off.

"You are going to need more than your bare hands to break through my Archenemy!" Releasing a roar of her own, Kagura gripped her sword handle with both hands and swung it. The moment their attacks met a large magical circle spread under Erza's hands and a large could of dust exploded.

When it finally settled a collective gasp spread out amongst the Guilds as they saw what had happened a moment before the audience froze in shock. In Erza's hands was a large gray buster sword that had black spikes out the back of it, almost large enough to be considered a club rather than a sword. The most striking position was that Erza had forced Kagura down on one knee while the ground under her had cracked under the pressure that Erza had used.

The two struggled for a few seconds, sparks shooting off of the connection of the two weapons with Erza slowly winning the battle of strength. In an attempt to gain back some of the ground she had lost Kagura roared and shoved her weapon up with what energy she had left. Erza started to fall backwards and ran with it, letting gravity take its course so she could raise her lead foot to kick Kagura in her chest as she attempted to rise. While Kagura shot back in blinding speeds Erza continued her roll backwards and leapt to her feet with her sword held in front of her in a ready stance.

A resounding cheer rose up at the change of pace. As soon as Kagura emerged from the wall Erza was on her, swinging her sword almost like a club while also incorporating kicks as to keep her on the defensive.

When Kagura raised her sword to block a particularly strong swing from Erza's Purgatory Sword, the Fairy Tail Mage smirked and let it fade back into her inventory, instead opting to grab onto the handle of Kagura's Archenemy with one hand and bring out the sword she utilized with her Flame Empress Armor. Flames exploded from the sharp edge of the blade.

Kagura grabbed the other end of her sheath and maneuvered it to block Erza's swing despite the woman attempting to move her sword out of the way. Erza scowled at the sudden amount of strength that Kagura was exhibiting to block her attack despite her attempt to maneuver the woman's sword against her will with sheer strength.

Kagura flinched at the intensity of the heat coming from Erza's sword. Much like Kagura's ability to cut without unsheathing her sword, Erza was able to channel her own sword's ability to expel fire.

Kagura fell to her back under the pressure and rolled backwards, shoving her feet into Erza's stomach to throw the redhead over her. Erza let go of Archenemy and used her hands as a springboard to vault away. The dark haired swordsman spun with a backhanded swing. Erza swiped the sheathed blade away and thrust her sword forward. Once again Kagura deflected the blade and spun with a kick into Erza's chest.

The scarlet haired Mage slid back along the ground, digging her sword into it to slow herself down. Finally coming to a stop she smirked over at her opponent. "You are far better than I expected. Your speed is deceptive in accordance of your strength. Being as fast as you are with your sword, I had a hard time believing you would have the strength to stand up to me. But…" Erza lifted her sword from the ground and hefted it, running her hand along the flat of the blade. "I know when I am bested and without the rest of my arsenal, I would not be able to defeat you."

Kagura finally dropped her guard and stood straighter. "You are quite the fighter as well, Titania. You live up to your name nicely. I hope to meet you in battle tomorrow to see your full potential."

Both swordsmen bowed slightly to the other and turned opposite directions, heading to the exit closest to their booths. The crowd booed loudly at the sudden end of the battle and the lack of a clear winner.

Toma sweat-dropped and stepped forward once again. Once again he was unsure about what to say, but after a curt nod from Erza he brought back his usual persistence and threw his hands in the air. "
The winner of the sixth most requested battle is Kagura Mikazuchi! For our next battle however we have quite the treat for you! These Mages are a rare occurrence in all of Fiore, but today we don't have one but two Celestial Mages! Will Yukino Aguria and Lucy Heartfilia please enter the arena?
"

>