

A lifeless body fell onto the sidewalk, the eyes still partially open. They glimmered with that beautiful emotion, even when the life was already sucked away…

Hatred.

It was so beautiful… It nearly made him wish that he could have tormented the boy for even longer. But just as he had sank his fangs to split the artery, the body had run dry. It left nothing for him to torment…

"How boring…" the vampire heaved a sigh, turning away from the body. The silver eyes that stared up at the darkened sky didn't blink once even as rain fell into the glazed orbs. The thunder grew heavy in the distance, signaling that the storm had only just begun…

A sick smile spread across his lips as he stared into the hate-filled eyes. He stared into the silver pools for only a moment longer before he pulled his eyes up to the skies to survey the darkening clouds.

Even through the roaring thunder, he could hear the cracks chipping through the chilled body before it exploded into shards. Those shards fell apart immediately, dwindling down into dust.

A boom of thunder shook the earth beneath his feet, causing it to quiver with its might, but it only brought more happiness in his heart to hear the possible destruction. It was such a shame, though, that he wasn't given the chance to drink from the vampire that he had to kill so suddenly… He would have enjoyed the treat.

His tongue swept over his glistening fangs, licking the remaining crimson liquid from his teeth. The blackened clouds swirled over his head as the rain grew heavier, claiming the blood plastered on his body little by little.

Soon he casted his reddened gaze back to the ashes and saw that the piles were already being washed away to the rain gutters, to be forgotten and never seen again. It was all so incredibly wonderful to finally see his pieces coming into play…

And he could hear one piece coming now.

The soft steps that had been approaching him from behind froze in midstep, as if sensing that his 'prey' had heard him. The smile grew only wider on the borrowed lips as he turned his gaze behind him.

"How are you enjoying the game, Kaname?"

His blood red eyes scanned over the shadowed form, hidden by darkness to the point that he could only see the glittering ruby eyes. The eyes tightened as they met him, a dark glint passing over them as well.

The murdering vampire let out a soft chuckle and he lifted his hand to his lips. He licked each tip of his fingers with delicacy, slowly licking away the blood that stained his pale skin.

"…You're not Zero."

The rough voice that greeted him gave the murderer slight surprise and maybe a little hurt. His eyed widened as he stared into the darkened eyes and pulled his hand away from his lips. "Now Kaname, you can't possibly mean that…?" he gasps softly as he took a couple steps closer to the tall pureblood.

But his hand was soon sneaking towards his jacket, and his bloody fingertips touched the rounded handle of the Bloody Rose. The gun tugged slightly on its chain as he was about to slide it out…

But then a sword cut through the darkness, the large bade driving deep into his arm and chest, narrowly missing his heart. It pinned his arm and his hand fell limp, unable to pull the gun from its holster.

"…I thought I had seen the last of you, Shizuka Hio… So you were the one that stole Ichiru's body." Kaname's dark silhouette drew closer, his hand slowly retracting from where it had tossed the blade. The pureblood's eyes narrowed, glimmering with that beautiful emotion, the emotion that he fed off of the most…

Hatred. Beautiful, sweet hatred…

Shizuka's lust-tinted eyes watched the vampire grow closer with faint amusement and his borrowed hand reached out and gripped onto the sword handle. Not caring if the body was injured, he slid out the blade in a single jerk. The once stainless blade was now stained thickly with dark crimson blood.

"Oh darn… You saw so easily through this veil…" he sighed in exasperation as his eyes glazed over the blade and he brought the stained tip to his lips to lick off the thick crimson liquid. The reddened eyes flashed back to Kaname's face as he glided his tongue across the blade, carefully keeping his tongue from being sliced by the edge.

"Where's Zero," Kaname suddenly growled, those beautiful crimson eyes flashing with such hatred, such betrayal… The sight alone made his heart fill with joy to witness it firsthand.

A smile graced Shizuka's borrowed lips as he pulled the sword away from his lips and let it drop from his hand. It clattered onto the ground, now useless to his aid. There would be no need for the powerful weapon against Kaname… Yet that is.

"Kaname, you do realize that I can't spoil the surprise so soon… You will simply have to wait for the rest of your 'pieces' to fall-" His words were cut off as Kaname's hand suddenly grabbed his throat and the pureblood flung the body harshly against the wall.

Cracks ripped through the cement from the impact and pain flared through the weaker body, yet it did nothing to avert the smile from his lips.

"Where is he?" the pureblood roared at him, and Shizuka could feel the grip tightening on his throat. But he had nothing to fear… This was not technically her own body. It wasn't hers that was being harmed as blood dripped onto the ground from the wound in his chest and arm.

So he gave a smile just as the crimson slowly cleared from his eyes. It revealed the deep and dangerous lilacs, still partially crazed.

A soft laugh came from the lips as he stared into Kaname's murderous crimson eyes. What reason did Kaname have for being so attached to this hunter…? It was an interesting piece… One that he intended to use well.

He raised his lips to Kaname's ear and felt his body stiffen beside him as his warm breath brushed against his skin. But he only had a few short words to say…

"Careful, now… If you harm this body any more… Zero will never forgive you." The sudden realization that poured over Kaname's face was nearly too delightful to deny… But he couldn't stay for much longer.

She had more important matters to attend to.

"I will gain my servant back… One way or another, Kaname Kuran," the fleeing words whispered into Kaname's ear and a snarl was its immediate response. How much she wished to soak in his anger, his hatred… But he would have plenty of time to soak it when he finally claims Zero as his servant once again.

So with a soft laugh, one with insanity brimming over the edges, the body so tightly clutched in Kaname's grip vanished in just a heartbeat. All that remained in its place were a few scattered cherry blossoms…

The madly blooming princess was off to kill once again.

>