


Author's Note: Hey everybody! Sorry for the incredibly long break. I've been focusing on my original writing, but I couldn't resist writing something small and quick to revive my Fanfiction account. I hope you enjoy; please review! I love feedback:)


It was never a good idea to give in. Giving in showed weakness, and weakness was a word that could never be used to define Heather Chen.

Usually, resisting temptation wasn't even a concern. It was easy to resist when the temptation wasn't even there. It was so easy to see the downsides in any situation, and when you can see the cons, the pros can be ignored. So when Heather was faced with a situation where the temptation couldn't be shoved to the side, she was lost.

The temptation came in the form of a person. A person too disgustingly beautiful to shun easily. With tanned skin, piercing green eyes, and a perfect head of dark hair, Alejandro Burromuerto was a sight to behold.

Heather had always scoffed at the notion of one's breath being taken away. She could cause that feeling easily with a well-timed slap to the face, but merely looking at someone shouldn't be able to make that sensation occur. But when she looked at him, her stomach bubbled and she just felt weak. So of course, avoiding him was the only answer.

Team Amazon needed her leadership, after all. She had to keep that train wreck of idiots functional long enough to carry herself to the merge. After that, Gwen and Courtney could push each other off of the plane without a parachute and she honestly wouldn't care. But for now, they were idiots, but she needed them.

She was the Queen Bee, master of manipulation. She could change her emotions to fit a situation with a moment to prepare. And it was perfect, sitting back and watching him corrupt and cause the demise of the love-struck idiots on the other team. As long as he wasn't trying anything on her idiots, she wouldn't and shouldn't care. But the irrational feeling of hatred and anger that consumed her whenever she saw him smoothly chatting up another girl... That needed to stop. She couldn't afford to lose her focus. She couldn't afford to be weak.

Alejandro Burromuerto came on to Total Drama with a plan of action and a weight on his back. The expectation of his high class family was that when he returned home, he would be returning one million dollars richer. No less. And if there was one thing he couldn't be, it was a disappointment to his family. So he planned to employ his looks, his charm, his persuasion... With these assets, he knew he could control the game easily. The one variable he didn't factor in was her.

Alejandro had always scoffed at the notion of a person going weak at the knees. But that was before Heather. Sure, he could easily cause that sensation with a well-timed kick or punch when psychical power was absolutely necessary, but to have the feeling be replicated by merely catching sight of somebody... He had to hold onto the side of the plane for support when he saw her coming. Her raven hair, so long and lustrous in the first season of the infamous Total Drama, was even more beautiful now. It framed her face, accenting her cheekbones and almond eyes. He couldn't help but stare at her whenever she crossed his path, which luckily didn't happen often.

Because he didn't want it to, of course. To look at her was to give away his feelings, and if she knew, it would all be over. She would have the upper hand. So the only option was to avoid her, flirt with the helpless other girls, and live for the few electric seconds when they accidentally met eyes.

Sometimes Heather felt herself wanting to run to him, and she hated herself for wanting it. Keeping up the invincibility was difficult when every bit of her wanted to be human.

Sometimes Alejandro saw her across the cabin, and it took every ounce of self control he possessed not to swallow her in his arms and just hold her tightly.

"Good morning!" Chris blasted across the intercom, causing the sleeping competitors to stir.

They shuffled groggily to him, and listened to the explanation of yet another dangerous and pointless challenge. It wasn't like anyone was focused; each individual was immersed in themselves, and themselves only.

But even as Chris droned on, all he was aware of was her. The tightly pressed lips, the pink corners turned down in a faint grimace. The flashes of darkness that shone across her eyes. The folds of her arms as she crossed them across her chest in a defiant motion. Even immediately after waking, she was beautiful.

She couldn't help but sneak glances at him through her peripherals; he was too big of a presence to ignore. Her expression was darkening, she could feel the tensing of the muscles. Angry, she crossed her arms, hoping to shield herself from catching feelings. God knows she didn't need any more.

When he looked at her, he knew deep down that it was over. He was letting idiotic emotions get in the way of his game plan. The expectations and drive that fueled him melted when he looked at her. He thought he could handle it. This wasn't how the game was supposed to go.

When she caught him looking at her, she ignored the feelings of surrender that seemed overpowering. She was the queen. It was her season, her chance. Nothing holding her back. Nothing to block her from victory. But something about him made the weakness that lurked inside of her spill out of every pore and crevice and drown her in a sea of want, and God forbid- need. She doesn't need anybody. This wasn't how the game was supposed to go.

It wasn't how it was supposed to go, but looking at her, it didn't matter.

Could a person drown happily? If she drowned looking at him, well, she guessed there could be worse ways to die.

He dropped his hands to his sides, his hand brushing her pinky. The mere touch was fire.

When he grazed her, everything inside erupted.

She had no choice but to surrender.

He knew there wasn't any other choice.

>