

"Just pick a car already," Sam's mother pressured. But he was having a difficult time figuring out which car he wanted as his first one. Even from the time he spent playing racing games as a kid, he never could choose the perfect first car. Now it was here, at this car lot, that he would finally pick his first real car on his sixteenth birthday. It was here, he hoped, that it would be the start of a promising career in racing. The only restriction, according to his mother, was a $30,000 budget that he was expected to adhere to.

"But mom," Sam replied, "there are so many of them, and you are giving me too little time to choose." She had given him just 10 minutes to find the car of his dreams, and in his defense, there truly was a wide variety of cars that he could pick from. Mustangs and Toyotas. Camaros and Jaguars. It truly was a paradise to Sam, if only he had a wide enough preference. His specialty was Classic American muscle cars, but there were only more modern varieties, so he had to rely on past gaming experiences to make an educated decision.

Firstly, he eliminated any Japanese cars, because even though they have great gas mileage, they aren't exactly known for speed. Next, he tried to ignore most modern American cars, but kept his eye on the Camaro and the Mustang, Finally, he tried to eliminate the overly expensive luxury cars in the lot. After taking all of that into account, he decided on the 2006 Ford Mustang, capable of speeds up to 150 mph.

"I want this one," Sam exclaimed to his mom. She frowned at the price tag of $25,000; while under her initial budget, she started trying to pressure him into a cheaper car like the Volkswagen Beetle. She argued that it was a great all-purpose car, yet Sam's mind was dead set on that Mustang. Eventually, she caved in and agreed on the Mustang.

After the purchase was made, Sam's first question was "Can I drive it home, mom?"

"No, Sam," she replied, "I think you should wait and take some more lessons…"

"NNNOOOOO!" Sam yelled. "I WANT TO RIDE IT NOW!" Sam was very persistent, but so was his mom. After about an hour of arguing, Sam's mom once again caved and allowed him to drive it STRAIGHT home, on the condition that he doesn't touch it for a month.

"Wait," Sam countered, "I didn't agree to that! I'll just wait."

"My mind is made up, Sam," she replied. "It seems clear that you are very excited to try it out. So, just drive it home, then hand me the keys on your way through the door."

After his constant moaning, Sam finally said "Fine!" He obviously wasn't happy, but at least he would have the opportunity to test out the power his new ride had. After saying goodbye to his mom, Sam hopped in his car and turned the key, hearing the engine roar to life. After listening to the car's roar for a full minute, he shifted to first gear and darted out of the dealership.

"Man, just listen to her purr," Sam said to himself, admiring his new car. He just couldn't get over how excited he was over it; he dreamed of this moment for years, but never realized how epic it would be. He was also bummed, however, since he could only drive it home, so he'll just make the most of it by taking the scenic route home.

As he neared the first stoplight on his route, he heard booming coming from behind him; before he could see what it was, the culprit pulled up right beside him: his biggest rival Max.

"Hey, punk," Max announced over his booming stereo. "Nice ride!"

"Thanks," Sam replied, "I just…"

"Didn't want it in black, Black?" Max snapped. Sam absolutely despised being called by his last name, especially by Max.

"Why don't you just shut up, you bully?"

"Bully? Can't think of more complex words, nerd?" That pushed Sam over the edge.

"THAT'S IT! How about a race to decide who is lamer? I know you can't refuse!"

Max only pondered this for a second. "You're on, geek!" Max proclaimed. "First one to the firehouse pays for gas?" Sam revved his engine as a response and rolled up his window to stop further communication. As the both of them revved up their cars in preparation, Max noticed the police car coming up behind them and backed out while he had a chance. As the light turned green, Sam bolted from his position at 60 mph, and the officer behind him began his pursuit, lights flashing and all. But, Sam's car was revving too loud for him to notice until…

"WEE, WOO, WEE, WOO!" the siren wailed. Sam bolted to see behind him the flashing, noisy police car chasing him.

"Aw, crap," Sam proclaimed, as he eased up and prepared to stop on the side of the road.

GT GT GT GT GT GT

"He did WHAT?!" Sam's mom yelled, talking to the "kind" police officer that stopped Sam. After he got stopped, he was immediately taken back to his mom's house, where he got his $350 speeding ticket and had his car impounded.

"After revving his engine at a red light," the police officer started, "he bolted on green and got up to about 100 mph before deciding to abide."

"Officer," Sam began, "you don't understand. I was arguing with a rival of mine, and then…"

"Just shut up," his mom scolded. She was really mad with him now. "This is EXACTLY what I was worried about. This is why I told you to get that Bug! But NOOOO!" The police officer cleared his throat.

"Um, Mrs. Black," the officer said. "You do know this is a serious offence, right?"

She replied, "Yes, officer."

"Well then," he continued, "I should inform you that in addition to the ticket and car impoundment, your son's license has been suspended indefinitely until he has been deemed acceptable to drive. Good day to you, ma'am." The officer handed her the ticket, went back to his car, and drove away. Sam didn't want to talk with his mom, but he did anyways.

"Mom," Sam started, "I know you might be a bit mad, but…"

"WHAT THE HELL WERE YOU THINKING?!" She was ticked now. "First you tell me the Mustang was the better choice. Then you speeded, got the car impounded, and tried to LIE?" Then, she began to recompose himself.

"Samuel," She stated, "You are grounded, until you graduate." Sam wanted to burst at her like a volcano, but he knew it was pointless.

Instead, he just said, silently, "Yes, mom."

>