

"Wait up there, hotshot!" Martin shouted as Sam and Paul entered the airport terminal. Despite the craziness at the airport, Sam responded by turning his head to find Martin quickly approaching the duo.

"Martin," Sam replied. "What's up?"

"I just thought you'd like a few pieces of advice before you leave," Martin replied back.

"Like?"

"Well firstly, don't rely on your drifting skills for the win. You're good at it, but even the best can fail hard."

"You had to say it? I always thought it was common sense."

"You'd be surprised by the types of people who don't take it into account."

"What else?"

"Well, you may know this, but since your Mustang is oversteer, you need to take turns more carefully than you normally would."

"You think I wouldn't take that into account?"

"Just making sure."

"So did you come all the way down here to tell me all that?"

"Nope. I've got a plane I need to catch, but I thought I'd catch you before you head out."

"That's nice. I guess I'll see you around?"

"Of course. You're not gonna get rid of me that easily. After all, I'll be waiting for you to get to the point of facing me in races."

"Yeah. That'll be the day."

"Now get going. I wouldn't want you to be late because of me."

"Right!"


After the long and boring plane back to Japan, Paul was once again driving Sam to the next race track: Grand Valley. It had two noticeable arrangements, but the one Sam would be racing on today was the East circuit, whose fast and technical turns which would surely test Sam's abilities.

"So what's up with this track?" Sam asked Paul.

"It's not a difficult track," Paul began, "but with that Mustang, You'll have to be pretty precise with your turns."

"Are they that challenging?"

"With certain cars, no. But with your Mustang..."

Sam cut Paul off with a wave of his hand. "Gotcha. I'll be careful." Then, Sam looked out the limo's window. "So how long do we have until we reach the track?"

"Half an hour maybe?"

"Great."

"It's not all bad. You could talk to me."

"It seems like you've said all you want to, from your experience in racing to your current employment with Yamauchi."

"So I told you how we met?"

Sam shook his head. "I didn't think it was too important to ask about."

"Well, do you want to know?"

Sam nodded. "I guess. There's only so long that I can observe the Japanese countryside."

Paul laughed once more. "I see your point. Anyways, it was several years ago at a race at this exact same track. I had just finished a race in first place, and when I returned to the pits, he was waiting for me."

"So he was allowed to just walk up to the pits?"

"I was surprised too. Regardless, he walked up to me and he asked me if I wanted to join his previous racing league. But, I respectfully declined, and he just gave me his business card and left. Then one thing led to another, including my retirement from racing, and I called him to see if he needed someone like me for something, and he hired me as a private limo driver."

"So that experience is why you say you see a lot of you in me?"

Paul nodded. "Yep. In fact, when I was driving him back from the airport just after a trip to the States, he was bragging how he found a driver as skilled as I was back in the day. And now, I can totally see why."

"Except that I'm rough around the edges?"

"A little bit." The next few minutes went on in silence, leaving Sam to look out the limo's door with nothing else to say.

"How far are we now?" Sam pestered once more.


Even going through the practice lap, Sam couldn't help but feel nervous on this track. Outside of two or three real straightaways, there really was an abundance of technical turns, many of which made him regret using him Mustang in the first place; however, once the first lap began, Sam confronted the challenge head on, beginning with breezing past a large cluster of competitors for the fourth place spot. Then came the first set of turns, the first of which Sam was able to get through without slowing down, but then when he brought his speed down to make it through a turn that would bring him around 180 degrees, he actually brought his speed down too low, allowing two cars from behind to pass him up, bringing him down to sixth place.


"Don't worry about it,"
Paul reassured.
"It happens to anyone."


"Thanks for the encouragement," Sam replied as he once more took fourth place back. As he approached another high speed turn, Sam decided to brake a little later on an upcoming sharp right turn; this time, instead of going too slow, he sped through a section of grass and back onto the course only a tiny bit closer to the third place car. Knowing he might not get away with another shortcut like that, Sam eased up to 40-50 miles per hour in the next set of turns, and once he exited, s-turn in sight, Sam had taken third place, but just barely as the car behind him stayed on his tail to take advantage of drafting.

Although Sam spaced out a little in the moment, he did know that he came out of the s-turn remaining in third place, and while in the middle of the final turn, Sam was even able to take second place, leaving him to cross the start line, about ten seconds behind the leader. The second and final lap didn't start any better than the last lap, since even though he misjudged the speed for the second and third turns, he kept second place while the first place car kept its steady pace; in fact until the s-turn came up, this remained the case until Sam's desperate nature took over in the form of speeding up close to his top speed and crashing into the leader's car's bumper intentionally.

Sam succeeded in bumping the first place car out of first, but it also forced Sam to use his emergency brake and narrowly avoiding a collision with the concrete wall on the right hand side; although he was able to bring himself back up to speed, the third and fourth place cars zoomed past Sam in the final stretch, leaving Sam to take third place instead.

Sam moaned. "I'm in trouble again, aren't I?"


As Paul drove Sam to the airport, both remained silent, not wanting to discuss the race in any detail. While Paul remained focused on the road, Sam continued to look out the window, specifically at the countryside like before. But if he had a choice, Sam would've been tapping away at any random smartphone game, even if it had to be Flappy Bird.

"So what's up with the silence?" Sam asked. "Surely it wasn't THAT bad, right?"

"You're missing the point," Paul replied. "You crashed into another racer on purpose, which bears the possibility that we MAY get fined."

"I know that!" Sam shouted.

"Then why did you do it?"

"Because I was sure that I could take first place easily."

"Well, look where that brought you."

"What do you want me to say? I've said I'm sorry."

"It doesn't matter how many times you say sorry! If the possibility of a fine is likely, the risk doesn't matter!"

"Again, what do you want me to say?"

"How about you admit that you screwed up first?"

Sam murmured.

"What was that?"

Sam sighed. "Y-You're right. I screwed up. And even though saying sorry won't help, I'll own up to it." Sam sighed again, this time with a hint of agitation. "There! That good?"

Paul chuckled. "Man, you really need to keep that anger in check."



That's right ladies and gentlemen, I've returned with a new Gran Turismo, and apologies to both the wait and if this chapter may not be as good as you may expect from me; in all honesty, I wasn't feeling the motivation this time around, so if it does come off as simplistic in nature, just bear with me for the chapters ahead.



That being said, I want to have the time to write a chapter for another of my fanfics tonight, so quickly I want to thank ThrashMetalMartin and Henry Townsend for leaving another review each.



So that's it for now. Read on!



-rjm324


>