



Hey loyal fanfictioners! Have you missed little old me? I hope you're saying yes, 'cause I can't hear you from my bedroom! Anyways, sorry this is so late, but I had most of the chapter done, but my iPad decided to be a bitch and delete my notes.





Yes, I am writing this on an iPad. My computers battery is haywire, the computer itself is dead, the charger is broken, and I am apparently not trusted with others electronics in my house. So, if you find any mistakes, I blame autocorrect.





I don't have a beta, don't necessarily want one either, it just adds on to the time between chapters, and I like getting you the chapters as fast as possible.





So, without further ado, DISCLAIMER: I do not own PJO or HoO, I am a teenage girl who likes to create stories to bend to her every desire, and the readers of course. I am not the genius Rick Riordan, who needs to hurry up with The Blood of Olympus.





CHAOS' RIGHT HAND WOMAN


Chapter One: Betrayed, but Breathing

~PERCY'S POV~

I wanted to cry. I wanted to break down and sob until I couldn't anymore. I wanted to scream all the curse words I knew at the sky. I wanted to break things, shatter them so they could never be fixed. But most of all, I wanted to curl up in a ball and die.

But I couldn't. Tyson needs me, he didn't see this coming. I did. I knew it was inevitable, but still, I tried my gods-damned hardest to stop it, or at least slow it down.
I played nice. I didn't pick fights. I didn't fight back. I helped him with stuff. I basically DID all of his Greek verbs sheets for him. I did his laundry, which was pretty easy (soak with soapy water, will it to slide around and clean itself, will it dry, simple stuff). I helped his focus his water powers, which in hindsight was pretty stupid of me.
Drew and Piper were easy for him to convince, and once he had them it was easy to convince most of the Camp. Piper and Drew mixed their charmspeak together so it was nearly as strong as Aphrodite's. I don't why Aphrodite decided to give them so much, but it turned around and bit me in the ass. Hard.

They got Annabeth first, which was pretty pathetic. Six years of friendship, and it takes about five minutes to sabotage it. Pathetic. With Annabeth on their side, it was pretty easy to get most of Camp Half-Blood to follow him, and it was too bad basically everybody from Camp Jupiter believed a every single filthy word that came out of his mouth, even through an IM, he didn't even need Piper and Drew.

The Roman's 'supposedly' hated everything to do with disloyalty, but he was basically the embodiment of disloyalty. Funny, right. One child of Poseidon is loyal to a fault and the other is disloyal to lots of faults.

Jason wasn't with the Roman's, though, as right after the Second Giant War he found out Piper was drugging him with her charmspeak. Hazel and Frank were right there with me too, along with Nico, Grover, and Leo.

They even got most of the Gods and Goddesses. I only had Hades (he actually warmed up to me, as Persephone took a liking to me and I visited her sometimes during Winter), Hermes (Luke), Hephaestus (I was friends with the Hephaestus Cabin before they turned,), Hera (she loved how much I loved my mom), and Hestia (she was still my hope center) on my side out of the Major Gods and Goddesses.

Zeus stripped me of my titles except for the Daughter of Poseidon one, which Poseidon took pleasure in burning in front of everyone an pd basically demanding Zeus give all my old titles to Justin. Annabitch had looked so proud, the slut.

Hades would let me visit mom and Paul in Elysium (Gaea killed them in the war to get to me). Hermes gave me enchanted flying sneakers that wouldn't tell Zeus I was in the air, and messed with Justin's sides mail. Hephaestus gave me the ability to make awesome things, and I was happily completely fire-proof (I spent most of my time with Leo in the forges making random stuff after that). Hera ... well, we got sort of close, and about five months after I regained my memory, she, well, she adopted me, giving me what her demigod children's powers would be. Hestia/Vesta blessed me as her champion after the Second Titan War after I told her 'hope survives best at the hearth', she said I had a pure heart and was probably the only person she would ever bless, and she would sit with me by the hearth and tutor me on Greek and Latin, as I didn't know either perfectly yet.

The Minor ones were: Morpheus (I didn't judge him for putting the mortals to sleep, I actually congratulated him and Hecate on it.), Hecate (I made friends with Lou Ellen and we became close before Justin), Persephone (I had her name and I was a 'cool kid'), Eris (I had asked Zeus to give them recognition instead of becoming a Goddess), Iris (I helped decrease her workload with the help of Fleecy), Nike (I always led my troops to a fair victory), and Nemesis (I took Ethan's words to heart, instead of ignoring them.).

Morpheus would try to give me and the demigods on my side good dreams, and the ones on Justin's nightmares, but Hypnos was working against him. Hecate blessed me with her demigods children's abilities and told me if I ever needed to go away, there was usually always a D.A.D.A. spot open at one of her magic schools in Britain (I vaguely knew what that was). Persephone would tell me stories about this family separated at birth and how when the baby girl grew up, she came to this one town for her senior year, and she found her real family (I loved it, no matter how many times it was told). Eris would mess with people, she would pull 'harmless' pranks on Justin's inner crew. Iris would mess with their I.M's, with the help of Fleecy. Nike would make any of Justin's friends plans fail no matter what. Nemesis would put spiders in Annabeth's bed for all the times she spoke bad about her (which was a lot).

Leo ... man, just right there, go back and rewind.

-FLASHBACK-


I grinned as Leo told another stupid joke that was somehow funny. "...and I wasn't trying to be rude or anything but I didn't want her to be hurt because another demigod didn't love her."




I blinked. How had we gone from possessed lawnmowers

[A/N: The Lightning Thief, lol Grover.]

to Calypso?



I felt this happy yet at the same time ugly feeling in my stomach, and my conscious was laughing evilly.


Ha, Calypso, he doesn't love you!


I frowned, Calypso was my friend, I had landed on her island after accidentally blowing up Mt. St. Helens, why was I thinking like this?



"Anyways," Leo continued and I shook myself. "I really hate Khione,"



I crossed my eyes at the armor I was making. "How did we get to this topic?" I asked with a faint smirk.



He laughed, "I wanted to see if you were paying attention, which I guess you might've been, but I don't think so."



I let out an indignant cry and held the armor over the fire to let it mold. "I was too paying attention!" He raised an eyebrow and laughed. "I was! We were talking about possessed lawnmowers, right?"



He laughed harder and I glared at him. "That w-was about te-ten minutes ago!" he gasped and I blinked in shock.



"Oops,"



He shook his head and companionable silence fell in the forges.



It was about another twenty minutes before either of us spoke again, and it was Leo. "Hey, can you pass me the big hammer in your hand?" I rolled my eyes by handed it over.



The fire hissed and crackled and I looked happily at the armor. Leo and I had been working together for awhile to find a way to change the color of Celestial Bronze. This one was the color of the fire, kind of obvious as I almost lost it.



I turned to Leo, "Hey, we got i-" Leo had turned to see what I was talking about and tripped on some spare bits and crashed into me. Lips first.



He was on me, and we were both on the floor, with wide eyes and stuttered excuses.



"Well, isn't this a compromising position?" a voice chuckled from the doorway, and my face burned brighter, I think I got any more embarrassed, I would flame.



"Shut up, Death Breath," I growled and he laughed.



"My lips are sealed, unless ..." he trailed off. "Well, I still do looove happy meals," Leo stood up with a red face and held out a hand. I took it and turned to look at Nico with disbelief.



"Are you kidding me, Di Angelo?" he smirked at me. "You want me to take you to McDonalds?"



He grinned cheekily and nodded. "You're the only one who won't get in trouble for leaving because they want you to, so you can get me McDonalds." he smiled at his 'fool-proof' plan.



"You, my cousin, are an idiot." I announced and heard Leo laugh in the background, which, for some odd reason, made my heart flutter around. Nico pouted and I rolled my eyes. "Whatever, sure, but can Tyson come with me?"



Nico nodded and I was about to turn to get the armor and click the button on the inside of the bottom of the breastplate to turn it into a bracelet when I heard the shouts.



"SHE'S IN THE FORGES! GET HER!" "KILL THE GIRL!" "ROT IN TARTARUS, SLUT!"



I was majorly confused. Who were we getting? Who were we killing? Who was the slut that was supposedly going to rot in Tartarus? Then I realized I was the only girl in here.



I looked at Leo with wide eyes and tried to yell out, but Nico grabbed my arm and shadow-traveled me out moments before the mob broke in.



The other one was thrown into my face, and it snapped me out of my horrified frozen state. I grabbed it before it hit the ground and raced to my dresser, tossing all the necessities inside. 3 flasks of Nectar, 5 bags of Ambrosia squares, clothes, drachma, mortal money I had forgotten to give back to the store after quests (about 350 dollars), shrunken armor I already had, watch shield, a dagger I have been using ever since Poseidon gave Justin Riptide, and the iPhone Leo had fixed so it didn't send flares up to monsters.



He had one too, mine was brown (the same shade as his eyes, I noted distractedly), his was sea-green.

[A/N: Ah, Percy, why so oblivious?]



Finally, packing my scrapbook of pictures of my true friends (list above), I slipped my iPod with red Beats into a sweatshirt.




"I'm gonna miss you, Kelp Head," was all Nico said before we both left in completely different ways.


-END FLASHBACK-

I sighed and rubbed my eyes. I was on First Watch, like I always was, so Tyson and Sabrina could get their sleep. I never could sleep anyways, I would have nightmares no matter what Morpheus tried.

Sabrina was the eleventh person we were going to/had brought to Camp.

Sabrina needs help getting to Camp, though I don't know why. She's got the instincts of a cheetah. She can kill monsters no problemo, but getting to a camp that teaches you howto kill monsters, she says she doesn't want to go.

"I already know how to kill monsters, Omega,"

I should probably explain the whole different name thing.

Well, Tyson and I agreed that we would help younger campers get there. They hadn't done anything to us, and we wanted them to get to know the real us before our names got tainted with charmspeak, but I didn't go far enough to change my looks (Hestia powers anybody?), because that'd be breaking the trust we had just earned.

Tyson didn't want to change his name because, "I like it, it's simple. Ty-son," I rolled my eyes and ruffled his hair. "Got it Big Guy, no name changing for you," I had said.

I had chosen Omega, because I would be the last face they would see before they entered the Camp boundaries.

It was dangerous work, we had to evade the Gods and Goddesses detection, while at the same time hauling their children to Camp. Easier said then done, let me tell you.

First off, we had Zeus and his messenger eagles and other flying feathery folk. Then Poseidon with his river deities that were secretly on my side since I always helped them with their river pollution.

Athena would send her owls after us at night, which was one of the reasons why we had a watch system (um, monsters maybe?).

Ares had his wild boars crash through cities and forests (the latter of which pissed off Hecate {one of her areas is Wilderness}).

Artemis sent her Hunters after me, led by Phoebe, as she had basically murdered Thalia in the middle of the war. Artemis had found out from one stupid love Goddess that Thalia was in looove. Didn't matter to Artemis that Thalia had never acted on her feelings, didn't matter that Luke was dead and gone. Nope. She took Aegis, melted it, her mace canister/spear, broke it into thousands of pieces. Left Thalia defenseless in the middle of a monster-ridden forest.

I hate Artemis. I hate her. Despise her. I want to rip her to shreds. I want to throw her in a body of water and have it drown her slowly and very painfully.

And yes, I have a slight lust for her blood spilling through the cracks on the floor in my cabin, and her e-

I shook my head and pushed those murderous thoughts out of my head. Wouldn't do to dwell on those kinds of thoughts. Wouldn't do at all.

Demeter would have the plants look out for two kids, but it was almost never just us, and when it was, we were by Camp.

Dionysus had the Satyrs look for me, which was utterly useless, since Grover was Lord of the Wild and most of them looked up to him.

Aphrodite couldn't really offer anything to the search except for making some men fell madly in love with me, randomly, and if they found me they would bring me to her.

Apollo would search for two scrounging kids walking anywhere in New York. Kind of stupid of him as the Gods and Goddesses had kids everywhere just randomly getting to both Camps.

Majorly stupid, as the they figured the new campers were super demigods or something. Like I said, majorly stupid. But the demigods I 'rescued' kind of were, I mean, being an adopted daughter of Hera, I knew immediately who they were a child of.

There was Sanderson Epilliat, son of Apollo. But unlike his dad he had some serious smarts. Since everybody thought that Apollo kids had to be geniuses with the know and arrow and have a fantastic singing voice, I helped him become a master. And I taught him everything I knew about other things, so he could stick it to the status quo. He was eleven.

Rosemary Fields, daughter of Ceres. She was obsessed with nature, as natural, but she was against harvesting things. "It's basically killing them and then, if they hadn't died from the reaping, they would be painfully eaten, digested, and rid of forever." I wanted her to meet her mom SO bad. To see how it would turn out. She was thirteen (technically the Gods and Goddesses had been Greek when they made the promise so, they didn't have to do anything, is what they told me).

Quinn Tunt, son of Dionysus. To see how he felt about his dad, I told him 100% true stories of his dad at Camp Half-Blood, the good and the bad, and he didn't like him much. I wanted to be there when he met Mr. D. I really did. I wanted to see his reaction to him being Mr. D's son. He was twelve (you're cutting it close, Mr. D, remember you're agreement on the Styx?).

Arthur Cents, son of Hermes. He was a very skilled thief. He had a whole bag full of weapons he had nicked out of a gun shop that wasn't just a gun shop. It was this demigod weapon shop that held regular mortal weapons in the front. He also almost got my watch that doubles as a shield. I asked him how he knew what it was when he told me why he almost took it (he wanted to see the engravings up close, he was also telling the truth), he told me that he saw hidden weapons in their true forms. Very useful ability. And freaking AWESOME. He was ten.

Trinity Summers, daughter of Helios. I had the sad feeling that when her parentage became known campers would revolt against her. I prayed to Mom and Hestia that they would protect her, she was so sweet. Trinity could manipulate the heat to make it really hot for somebody, warm them when cold, or give them a heat-stroke if they pissed her off. But like I said, she was sweet, she wouldn't hurt a fly unless it attacked Diane. She was seven.

Diane Asterisk, daughter of Asteria. I had brought her and Trinity to Camp together. They were scrounging for food in an alleyway in Kansas when I found them. She could do some serious damage to the stars when angry, and she sometimes had little visions of the future. She was six.

Hudson Anthony, son of Morpheus. When he got hungry, he would go into a shop and make the people fall sleep, taking what he wanted. He was also the only one who wouldn't let me take First and all Watches. He would tap me on the forehead and I would fall into a deep dreamless sleep, until he willed me to wake up. He was eleven.

Danny Zen, son of Perses. He was, as his last name said, peaceful. But if you threatened him or his family. Damn, I feel for you. There's a reason his dad's the Titan of Destruction. And it isn't because he's all candy canes and rainbows. He was fourteen. I was pissed.

Yvonne Santiago, daughter of Aphrodite. She was so unlike her mom it's as hilarious. She tried to downplay her natural beauty, she cut her hair jaggedly on purpose, wore scuffed up clothes, was the shy girl who never spoke. It didn't really work. Her uneven hair drew attention from the perfectly styled manes of the other girls, her scuffed up clothes separated her from the rest of the group, and her shyness drew people to her. She was nine.

Fred Douglas, son of Fortuna. We didn't run into any problems with Fred. He must be well loved by his Mom in both forms if what I saw was true. We were at a Gas Station because Tyson wanted some chips and we were all thirsty and only have water for a while, you want some flavor. There were about five disguised monsters in there, one of them being Echidna, and none of them looked at us twice. He was thirteen.

Sammy Wilson, daughter of Spes. She was always hopeful and optimistic, we were attacked by monsters twice, but her demeanor never failed and she was beaming as she killed one of the dracnae. She was eight.

And then there was Sabrina Topaz, daughter of freaking Aether. I could sense her mother was someone important, too, but if she did not want to be known as the mother there was nothing I could really do. Sabrina could kill an army of monsters with only a light sweat. I knew it, when I first saw her I knew she was important. She was fifteen.


'This girl will bring you an important decision,'
a voice whispered.
'She will be your guide to happiness.'


Unless she could magically bring me to my friends that I considered family, I don't think so, weird voice.

But I had to admit, I'd grown attached to Sabrina. She was like my pseudo-little sister. We would talk and laugh and Tyson loved her too. I mean, she was just so bubbly and charismatic, you couldn't help but be wrapped around her finger.

I dreaded the day I would have to say goodbye to her at the Camp Borders. For that to be the last glimpse I have of her, her back to me, walking confidently in the borders I could no longer see, as I was declared a traitor to Olympus by helping Gaea.

That last part just irks me. I mean, I'm not the nicest demigod, but Athena basically told the whole council my fatal flaw was loyalty, it's not like it can change. But nooo, I had apparently changed my loyalties to Gaea, because don't you love worshiping the person who murdered your parents.

Sabrina shifted in her sleep mumbling something like, 'I missed you ... be there soon ... yes, I've been showering mom ...' and one just weird one. 'don't forget Popsy, Oscar, or I'll gut you like a fish.'

I had to grin at that one, it sounded like Thalia talking to me about taking care of her mp3 while she was gone. Freaking mental, she was. Thalia really needed to get her priorities straight.

Tyson just snored through the night like the cute 'little' Cyclops he was. I sighed at my little messed up bunch and looked up at the stars, making me think of Diane, the little innocent daughter whose life would be screwed when she was claimed.

Her and Diane were just so little and sweet it hurt me inside to know firsthand the bias of the demigods and knowing it would hurt them all the more, as they weren't old enough to understand why they would hate her for her mother.

Suddenly the hairs on the back of my neck tingled, and I dropped flat to the ground just in time to avoid being killed by a silver arrow. Shit.

The Huntresses were here.

"Sabrina! Tyson! Get up!" they both woke up looking tired, but were immediately alert when they saw the panic on my face.

"What's wrong, Omega?" Sabrina asked with wide eyes.

"Omega? That's not her name! She's lying to you, child. This is the traitor Persephone Jackson!" a familiar cold voice sneered.

"Shut up, mean girl! Big sisters name IS Omega! And you betrayed her!" before I could move, six silver arrows embedded themselves in his arm.

"TYSON!" Sabrina and I cried. Sabrina's eyes grew dark and the air around her rippled with newly formed heat waves, I could feel my skin heating up quickly as she glared at the spot the arrows had come from.

"Watch who you touch, daughter of war, you are playing a dangerous game," a rich baritone flowed from everywhere, cutting off whatever Sabrina was going to threaten them with. I looked around wildly, but didn't see anybody. "If you wish to try to kill these children, you will have the anger of Chaos on you. They are his chosen, he has finally found them, and you are trying to cause them harm.

"I am warning you because I don't wish for you to die the painful death Chaos has in store for the next people who try to kill them. They have been reborn many times, as many different people, but they were always betrayed by the ones they loved in the end, and killed viciously. Chaos is a forgiving person at heart, but I'm afraid one more time and he will have reached his limit."

Sabrina was smiling at the sky, and I realized who it was with a jolt.

Uranus.

Holy Styx, Uranus was defending us from the Huntresses.

CHAOS had chosen us. We were his chosen. Killed viciously? Reborn?

"There are many Percy Jackson's through history because all are one and the same. Now, I must go, I really have so little to do nowadays, I should probably do it all now and be bored later. Goodnight, children."

That was when I fell unconscious, but I heard retreating footsteps just before I hit the ground.


When I woke up I was in a standard hospital-like room. Gray tile, drab walls, closed and shuttered windows, weird uncomfortable bed, but no IV Tubes or any other equipment.

I looked down and was relieved to see I had the same clothes on. Ripped gray skinny jeans, check. Death to Barbie t-shirt as tribute to Thalia, check. Muddy brown converse hat used to be white but are now severely beaten up, check. Leather jacket because why the hell not, check.

I patted my pocket unconsciously checking for Riptide and sighed in annoyance at my old habit.

I pushed myself off the bed and noted the fact that my jacket now had a hood on it a little late. I narrowed my eyes and raced for the door, but before I could even touch the handle it was opened for me.




Hi guys. Sorry for the long wait, but as I said my iPad decided to be a bitch. I had the chapter almost done! I was so excited. And then I got something on my screen. I went to wipe it, and when I lifted my hand the entire thing was gone.






You can't save stuff on here. I'm writing this in the Notes thing. If anybody knows a better solution so you don't have to have such a wait again, HELP ME PLEASE. I am oblivious to most obvious things and I have no clue what to do.





If anybody catches the two or three references I'm this chapter I will love you forever and you will have a chapter dedicated to you.






Signing off,






TheFourEyedWonder



>