


A/N: This is by far the strangest idea that I have ever had, Fanfiction or not. Nevertheless, it was really fun to right.




Obvious, OBVIOUS note: All characters (save for Robin,) are going to be absurdly OOC. Emphasis on absurdly. It's intentional, so don't think that I am hating on a particular character if they do stupid things or just so happen to be a jerk, though not all of them are going to be jerks.




Seriously, though, this is all for fun.



He simply sat there in darkness, pondering the strange dream that he had seen moments before. Who was that man? Why did his name sound so familiar? Why did he... Why did he kill him? He had no idea what was going on, or at least he didn't remember what was.

"Chrom, we have to do
something.
" The man could feel his senses returning to him.
Voices?
he thought to himself.
What is going on?


"And what do you propose we do?"
That voice... Could it be?
The man slowly opened his eyes, eyeing the two figures standing above him: a blonde girl, and a blue haired man.

"I... I am not sure." the pair both turned toward him with surprise, seeing that he had awakened.

"About time you're up." the blue-haired man jokingly rolled his eyes at him.

"Greetings." the girl smiled at him as well.

"Dude, why couldn't you have just slept in a bed?" This earned a nod of agreement from the girl. "Give me your hand."

As he reached out for it, Chrom quickly withdrew his hand, earning a slight groan of annoyance from the amnesiac.

"Hah! Did you see that Frederick?! He fell for it!" He then turned and then proceeded to high-five a tall man in blue armor, and both of them began to roar in laughter.


The familiar feeling is gone. This is stupid.
The man internally facepalmed.

"Chrom! Frederick! Just help the poor man up!" the blonde-haired girl yelled.

And yet the two men just stared at her.

"Ugh, fine! I will just have to do it myself!" the girl just groans and grabs his hand, pulling him onto his feet.

And the man simply shook his head. Something felt off, and yet he wondered what it was.

"Please excuse these two, they just behave like stereotypical lowborn. I plead that you don't take it to heart, however, they can be very loving." the girl nodded, before turning toward her brother. "Chrom, how about you introduce us?"

The lord simply frowned, before looking back at the tactician. "Fineeee... I'm Chrom, and that's Frederick. My stuck-up little sis is Lissa." The stuck-up part earned a slap from Lissa, which soon evolved into an argument.

...Which soon evolved into a full-on fight.

After about ten minutes, something had begun to feel off.


Wait... Do I smell... Smoke..? Uh-oh...
He turned toward the scent, eying a large column of smoke rising above the hills.

"Fire!" he points.

Lissa immediately jumps up, but Chrom and Frederick simply stand there. "Chrom! We have to help them!" she screamed.

Yet her brother simply shrugged. "It's okay. It's just people dying."

The tactician felt his jaw drop. And yet he didn't know why. He barely knew this person, let alone knew to expect a comment along the lines of that.

"But-!"

"You know what..." Chrom smiled and put a finger on his chin. "If Mr. Fancypants over here tells us his name, then MAYBE I'll go."


What? Just... Oh gods... I don't know my name! Er.. I'll... Duh...


He quickly looked around in panic. What to do... What to do...

And then he heard a loud chirp. He turned to see a bird swoop past him.


...Robin.
The name clicked. He remembered. That was his name!

"My name is Robin." he gave a sort of bow, and the four immediately darted toward the town.

"Hey Freddy! I bet I'll kill more than you!" Chrom snickered.

"Oh hell no! I'll sooner shove you off a cliff and dance over your remains before I let that happen!" the surprisingly not stern lieutenant responded.


"NOW! WE NEED TO BE A SUBTLE AS POSSIBLE IF WE WANT TO KILL EVERYTHING!" Frederick screams, despite Robin's pleads.

"Frederick! Shut up!" Chrom yell-whispers.


Finally, he says something that isn't stupid.
The words bounce across Robin's mind, a smile creeping onto his face. A wave of confidence had begun to cross over him.

"I have a plan." Robin smiles.

"Plan?" Frederick looks down from atop his horse and at the silver-haired man. "You don't need a plan when you can just run out recklessly!"

"Frederick, don't-!" Too late. The man and his horse were already in the town square, dancing around a dazed myrmidon.

The knight just sat there, dodging almost every hit from the enemy.

But that wasn't enough. Soon, the rest of the enemy army was all around him, each holding out bloodied weapons and baring psychotic grins.

The three Shepherds turned away in fear as the enemy pounced upon the great knight.

And then there was nothing.

And followed by said nothingness, was a powerful boom that sent all of the enemies flying away.

Robin looked up in dumbfounded confusion.

There he was, Frederick, standing above pile of corpses. His armor was shining in an almost cinematic manner, and-!


Where the hell did his shirt go?


"Hah! They can't touch this! I'm promoted!" And then he and his horse started to dance... On the corpses...

And then people began to join in.

Robin and Lissa simply sat there, jaws dropped and completely confused as to what was wrong with these people.

"Hey, Rob-bro!" Robin internally facepalmed at the name that Chrom has just given him. "You're a part of the Shepherds now!"

...What?

To be honest, Robin had just wanted to run at that point.

And so he did, but it didn't take very long for Frederick and the mobs of vicious followers to catch up to him.



A/N: I have absolutely no idea what I just wrote.



I am absolutely serious, what the hell is this?



Sooo... Yeah. This is my second story, (unless you count Oft Forgotten, though that's just a one shot right now... So...)



I am not sure, nor do I really want to know what compelled me to write this, but just know that I am currently a bit stumped at Chapter 20 of Change of Fate. I actually had a lot of it finished, but then I remembered that my mouse button has a back button built into it.



Goodbye, 1000 words.



Anyways, this was originally one of the stories that I had planned to write earlier on. It was going to be where the tactician would be named Chrom. Yep, two Chroms. You can actually do that in the game.



And Chrom even refers to his own name as foreign.



But honestly, I prefer this story much more.



>