


Hey, I don't own Shadow Falls. Wish I did, but I don't.


Samantha Lewis had always known she was not normal. At least not completely normal. Her grandmother and mother were vampires and her mother was also a doctor for supernaturals. They had amazing gifts such as super speed, acute hearing, and sensitive smell. For the longest time, Samantha thought she was a human. There was nothing supernatural about her except for her ability to read brain patterns and her changing eye color.

Sam was sixteen now and her gifts should have come in years ago. Her grandmother says her brain pattern reads that she is a vampire.

"Are you sure you're reading me right?" she would always ask.

"Yes," her grandma would chuckle, "you're just like me."

Since Samantha was such a late bloomer, her parents had decided to send her to a camp for supernaturals called Shadow Falls. She was terrified of going. She had never really had any friends to begin with so shipping her off to a camp full of strangers did not seem like an awesome way to spend her summer. Sam's ideal summer consisted of reading, watching old 80's movies, and sleeping. But now, her summer goal was trying to figure out what was wrong with her.

A few weeks later, Samantha's things were dumped onto the parking lot as she said goodbye to her parents.

"I know you'll be fine."

"Thanks Mom. I love you." she replied not too enthusiastically.

"We love you too sweetheart." her grandmother said. And with those few words, her family left Sam with her luggage and a camp full of strangers.

"
Just great
," Sam said to herself, "
now I'm going to be the freak in a camp filled to the brim with freaks
."

"Do you need help with your bags?" asked a masculine voice from behind her.

Samantha quickly turned around. She saw a tall boy, about the age of seventeen. He had black hair and green eyes. The boy was very muscular and tan. She immediately read his pattern. He was a fairy. She could tell he was reading her pattern too.

"Yeah," she responded finally, "that'd be great." Sam gave him the giant duffel bag as she grabbed her suit case. "So what's your name?"

"Brandon. What's yours?"

"Samantha." she replied shortly. Sam wasn't always the best at making friends. She always unintentionally came off as cold and unfriendly to others.

They walked another minute in silence as Sam thought about where she could have seen him before. "So why are you here?" Brandon made it sound like she was in prison and he was asking what heinous crime she had committed.

She thought for a moment. "My grandma thought it would be a good idea to send me here." It wasn't a complete lie. "What about you?" Sam added.

Brandon waited a moment, like he was choosing his words wisely. "I don't really have anywhere else to go. I live here all year round, even on parent weekends."

"Why is that?" she asked in curiosity.

"Because my dad beats the living shit out of me when he's drunk, which is all of the time. And the rest of my family won't take me in because they blame me for my mother's death," he said harshly, "so I stay here and go to school."

"I'm-I'm so sorry. Well I'm glad that you can come here instead of being with your dad."

"Why?" he said suddenly.

"Why what?"

"Why do you care if I stay with my dad or come to Shadow Falls?" Sam could tell that he was asking because of curiosity.

"Well," she said slowly, "because I care whether people are hurting or not, I guess."

Brandon hesitated. "I've never met a vampire like you before." he said with a smile.

"Not a lot of people have met a vampire like me." Sam said sarcastically.

A few minutes later, Samantha and Brandon reached her cabin. He set her luggage on the porch and left her with the vision of his smile on her mind.


Man he's cute!
she thought. Samantha opened the wooden door and peaked her head inside. No one was there yet. She drug her large bags inside and picked her new bedroom. She started unpacking and putting things in the closet when she suddenly heard the cabin door slam open and hit the wall with great force.

"Is anyone here yet?" Sam heard a girl say loudly.

She slowly got up and opened her bedroom door to find a girl standing in the living room. She had blonde hair and wore cutoff jean shorts with a plain pink t-shirt. She was average size and looked to be sixteen. The girl saw Samantha and ran over to give her a giant bear hug as she squealed excitedly.

"What's your name?" she asked with enthusiasm.

"I'm Samantha."

"Well I'm Isabel Marie."

The two girls quickly read each other's patterns. Isabel was a fae, just like Brandon.

"Do you need any help?" Sam asked politely to end the awkwardness.

"Yes! I'm sure your vampire super strength can be much help."

Samantha didn't tell her new roommate that she had almost no supernatural powers, but she did help her with her bags. Once Isabel's items were in her room, Sam went back to unpacking her own things. She didn't have very many clothes, so she was done in no time. Sam went to her newly made twin bed and laid down while she hugged a pillow and sighed. Sam suddenly heard the front door slowly creek open like in all of the scary movies she loved watching. She pushed away the menacing thoughts and decided to go see if it was her and Isabel's other roommate.

"Hi." Sam said to the girl. She was a shape shifter and seemed awfully shy. "Do you need any help?"

"No," she said quietly, "I'm fine."

Isabel suddenly came bursting through the kitchen. "What's your name?" she asked loudly to the wide-eyed girl.

She fumbled over her words for a moment but finally spit out "Clara". It suited the girl. She had long brown hair that was braided to one side and she was shorter than average. Once Samantha helped Clara with her things, she sat down at the kitchen table and started talking to her new roommates.

Isabel only lived a few miles from here. She said that her big brother came to Shadow Falls a few years ago and he loved it. She had been looking forward to coming here for a really long time. She told Clara and Sam about all of the cool things you could do around camp and campmate hour and a ton of other things. She talked a lot while Clara hardly talked any. Samantha tried as hard as she could to seem warm and inviting to the shy girl.

"So Clara," Sam started, "why are you here?"

"Well… my mom thought it would be a good way for me to make friends."

"Well you have two right here!" Isabel interrupted. "Isn't that right Sam?"

"Yeah!"

After everyone was unpacked and settled in, the three girls headed up to the office to meet the other campers and the staff. A fairy with red hair and green eyes was standing on the office porch and next to her stood a tall vampire with jet black hair. Once all of the campers were present and accounted for, she started to speak.

"Hello campers and welcome back to another year at Shadow Falls!" started the fae. "My name is Holiday and this is my partner in crime, Burnett. Now I would like to group everyone with their supernatural species." Holiday started pointing to different places and telling everyone where to go. Sam wished Isabel and Clara good luck in their groups as she went to find her new family.

Most of the vampires were in the woods just off of a path. A boy named Henry, who was the leader, introduced himself to everyone. For the next hour and a half, Samantha met with the other seven vampires. Most of them were very nice, but she was sure none of them had any idea Sam had no real supernatural powers. That was going to be a hard talk.

By the end of the night Samantha was exhausted. She stayed up for about an hour talking to Isabel and Clara but by eleven o'clock, she knew it was time to go to bed. Sam had trouble sleeping in the new environment but after a while, she finally got a good five hours of restless sleep.


Hey you guys! My name is Delaney. This is my first story in a while, so sorry if it's not that fantastic! All of my other stories super suck so I would NOT advise that you check them out. Like, seriously, read at your own risk. But I want to know if I should continue to post up chapters or just write for me, so please either favorite or comment if you like it. Thank you!


>