


Hey, I don't own Shadow Falls. Wish that I did, but I don't.


Chris, Burnett, and I started back for camp immediately. I didn't know how long I had gone without blood, but my blood sugar was very low. I was so weak. We had to stop frequently and take breaks. Chris even had to carry me a couple of times.

"Are you sure you don't mind carrying me?" I would continue to ask.

"Of course not." he would say sweetly.

We walked for what seemed like days, but Chris' watch said it had only been two hours, even with our supernatural speed.

It was twilight when we finally arrived at camp. I was so exhausted that I was half-asleep in Chris' arms when Holiday ran up crying tears of happiness. I could barely comprehend what she was saying and I didn't have the energy to respond.

"Sam! Oh my God! I'm so glad you're okay. Are you hurt? What happened?" My head started spinning and throbbing. I groaned in pain. "Sam?"

Chris started talking. "Holiday, she's not well. I don't know how long it's been since she's had blood- maybe a few days. Sam needs rest."

I was weak and becoming weaker. Chris' voice started blurring together with the sweet sounds of the birds and the wind that I had become so accustomed to.


I awoke in my room with the sun pouring in from the window. It all seemed like a bad dream, but I knew it was too good to be true. A movement next to me caught my attention. I quickly looked to my right, half-expecting to see Jason or his three henchmen. But instead, it was Chris smiling at me.

"What are you smiling at?" I asked suspiciously.

"You just look so cute when you sleep." He continued to smile.

I was taken aback. I still wasn't used to Chris admitting his feelings for me. It was so odd. I didn't know what to say.

"Oh… thank you." I said awkwardly. I sat up quickly and stared at my sheets, blushing.

"Hey," said the werewolf as he sat down, "I know this is weird and I probably shouldn't be so straight forward. I'm sorry, but I really do like you Sam. I know it'll take time, but I really want to be with you."

I decided to let the truth come out. "Chris, I'm going to be honest. I've never thought that you've had feelings for me, so I never developed anything for you. I'm willing to be your friend, but I don't know if it could ever be anything more. I'm sorry."

Chris looked like a bullet hit his chest. But he quickly hid his vulnerability. The smug look that he normally gave me appeared his face. But this time, it was a playful feeling.

"I know that I'll get you one day Sam." he said with a wink.


I'm sorry that this chapter sucked. I'm having just a little problem with writer's block so please bear with me. But this is still the first ending. I've started writing the second ending. Please, please, PLEASE follow, favorite, and review. I want to know what you guys think. Thank you! PS: I'll be in Biloxi for a wedding so it'll be about a week before I can get anything up. Don't kill me.


>