

"I wouldn't be able to choose, Ella." I say as the screen returns to the menu of The Vampire Diaries disc. I shut the TV off and she was wiping her eyes.

"I would! Stefan is so sweet, Hayley. Why would you even have a thought about Damon? He's an egotistical asshole."

"Egotistical assholes are kind of my thing." I grimace and we both make a face. She knows I was referencing to my ex boyfriend Jason. I loved him the same reason I love Damon. I thought I could fix him but he just turned out to be the biggest jerk. He hit me once and I lost all respect for him. It's been a week and I tried to hide the pain behind my sarcasm. Ella and I haven't been close for that long so she still couldn't see through my lies.

"I know it still hurts you." Okay, guess I was wrong. I looked at her and nodded. She opened her arms and I crawled over and let her hug me. I refused to cry but it didn't stop me from remembering the good things about Jason.

"I'm glad we met this year. Summer's going to be great with you." I pulled away and she checked the time on her cell phone.

"It's two o'clock. I think we should go to bed." I nodded and I got up to turn the light off. I crawled back in bed and I swiftly fell asleep.


I was walking down the street, but it wasn't any street in my hometown, it was the main street of Mystic Falls, from the Vampire Diaries. I opened the door to the Mystic Grill and walked over to a group of people over at one of the pool tables.



"Hayley, I thought you and Damon couldn't make it out? A girl turned around and I could tell it was Elena, except she looked older. She had a few laugh lines around her face and she was a little heavier.



"Turned out the appointment was tomorrow!" I said happily as I greeted her with a kiss on the cheek.



"Love, you couldn't even wait for me?" I turned to see Damon with a gray baby carrier covered by a sweet, knit baby blanket made with all the blues you could imagine in his hands. What? He kissed my mouth sweetly before setting the carrier on the table.



"Oh my God, you brought the baby? Let me see him!" Elena said. I looked over at Stefan who just kissed my cheek and shook hands with his brother. What?



"He's so precious." I heard Elena say as she lifted the blanket. Inside was the cutest baby boy ever. He had tufts of black hair all over his olive skin and his eyes were steel grey like mine. I looked at Damon and he smiled sweetly at me.



'Take him out Hayley. He's been fussy and nobody but his momma can calm him down, you know that." Damon said. I gingerly lifted the baby and settled him in my arms. This was my baby…with Damon. What? HE smiled at me and grasped at my hair. I couldn't help but smile in return. He was gorgeous.



"Hand him over to his aunt. We don't get to see you guys much now that he's here!" Damon took the baby out of my hands and placed him in Elena's hands. She and Stefan cooed over the baby and Damon slung his arm around my shoulder while we watched. I was so confused with what was going on. I was in the Vampire Diaries, had a baby with Damon, and was the sister of Elena. What?


When I woke up, I was alone and it was already noon.

"Just a dream." I muttered. With a groan I pulled myself out of bed and into my bathroom. I brushed my teeth and washed my face then went back to change into my workout clothes. Before I made my way down into the kitchen, I made sure that I stretched thoroughly. My dad was making eggs while my little brother ate a bowl of cereal.

"Where's Ella?" I asked as I grabbed a Gatorade from the fridge.

"Left, they called her into work. She said that if she could she would drop by afterwards, something like you guys had plans?" My dad said as he looked at me. I smiled and kissed his cheek.

"The fair is here, Dad. I thought we talked about this." He nodded and went back to his eggs. I took a small sip before I pulled on my shoes and left. I raised my eyes to shield them from the sun while I stood on my porch, choosing which direction I would start my jog off with. I slipped the headphones on my head and pressed play on my phone. I took off to my right, towards the fairgrounds.

I listened to the pounding drums of the song and matched my pace with the beat. I kept my eyes on the pavement in front of me and focused on the pumping my arms and the pounding of my heart. The song ended and another came on, this time a bit slower. I slowed down to match with the beat of the current song and that's how it went the whole two miles to the fairgrounds. With every song that came up on my playlist, I would slow or speed my body to match the rhythm and beat. My body didn't know when to be tired and my muscles burned as I stopped at the entrance to the fairgrounds. I took many deep breaths and a drink of my Gatorade. I smiled in pride and began my way back to my house, repeating my earlier routine. Just as one of the songs was ending, I heard the screech of tires and looked up just in enough time to see a car spinning out of a control. I tried to move out of the way as the SUV slammed into my front. I heard the crunch of my bones breaking and the air was ripped from my lungs. I heard the crack of my skull hit the concrete and the blackness flooded my vision. My last thought was of my brother and dad before I was out of consciousness.

>