


New chapter! I wrote the chapter like two weeks ago and got busy so it took me a while to revise it one last time before posting it but here it is! Enjoy(:



Chapter 4


It was a quiet Monday morning when a sudden knock on Lucy's front door startled her and Natsu. They had written 3 songs in one week and were currently on their fourth. Neither were expecting company so Lucy looked through the peephole in her front door to see who it was. Her eyes widened considerably and tears formed in her eyes as she saw the last person she expected to see on her front porch. She had been slowly getting over him and had even started accumulating feelings for Natsu but there he was, "who is it Luce?" Lucy was knocked out of her thoughts as Natsu's voice cut in.

She ignored Natsu and slowly opened the door to the blonde standing in her doorway. This had to be a dream. He wouldn't dare show up on her doorstep would he? Well obviously he would because he was standing there right now. what does he want? A second chance? She realized she was staring at him and pushed the questions away, "what are you doing here?" the hurt she felt was evident in her tone and anyone could tell she was holding back tears.

Natsu stepped up next to Lucy wondering who the tool was standing on her porch. He could tell by Lucy's clenched fists that she didn't like this guy which automatically made him hate the guy, "I missed you. I wanted to talk to you. Who is this?" the stranger asked, gesturing to Natsu, "the name is Natsu and we were kind of in the middle of something," he didn't even try to keep the irritation out of his voice.

"Is this your new boyfriend? Lousy choice."

"Better than a lying cheater. And he's not my boyfriend Sting," Lucy retorted.

"Well can we talk? Please? Just give me five minutes," Natsu stepped forward, ready to butt in but was stopped by Lucy's hand, "fine. Five minutes. Natsu please stay inside," Natsu looked at Lucy worriedly and Lucy gave him a reassuring smile in return before stepping outside and closing the door with her.

Lucy looked everywhere but at the blonde in front of her, trying to keep the tears at bay, "Lucy. I miss you," Sting took Lucy's hand and tugged so that she looked at him, "I made a terrible mistake and I feel horrible about it. I love you. Only you. Yukino meant nothing to me. I swear," Lucy tried to block out what he said. She wanted so bad to believe that he was lying but her heart was yearning for him. She had missed him too and she wasn't sure if she was strong enough to turn him down.

"Sting…"

"Please Lucy. I love you so much. I don't want to lose you," a tear dropped down Lucy's cheek. She quickly wiped the tear away but Sting had seen it. She let out a sigh, "this is your last chance Sting," Sting grinned from ear to ear and wrapped his arms around the petite blonde, "thanks babe. I love you," Lucy reluctantly wrapped her arms around Sting and smiled, "I love you too," after an hour of talking the two were interrupted by a very annoyed Natsu, "I have been sitting here for an hour! What happened to five minutes Luce?!"

"Oops! I'm sorry Natsu! We can work for most of the night!"

"Whatever," the pink haired boy waved them off before walking back into the mansion, "what is he talking about?" Sting asked.

"Well I decided to work with his band for a new album to accumulate more fans. We have been writing songs together the past week. I should probably get back to finish a song we have been writing. I will talk to you later?" Sting smiled and nodded. Lucy kissed him goodbye before running back into the house.

When Lucy walked back into the studio Natsu was sitting on the piano bench playing the piano, "that sounds nice," he jumped a little at the blonde's voice and turned around. Lucy giggled as she sat down next to him, "who is Sting?"

"He is just an old friend. We disconnected for a while but we are dating now."

"Lucy. That wasn't an 'old friend' vibe. You were holding back tears. Tell me the truth," Lucy sighed feeling like she could trust him she told him the part of the truth she felt he should know, "we dated a while back and had a falling out. It was bad but now we made up," for a moment Lucy swore she saw disappointment in his eyes after he found out they were dating but Lucy pushed it off.

The two ended up staying up all night writing the fourth song and joking around with each other. Morning came and Mira found the two tiredly eating breakfast, "were you two up all night?"

"Yeahhhh," Natsu yawned.

"Oh my goodness. Go get some sleep! Take a day off. You guys have been working really hard lately. You can take a break so off you go to bed!" Mira lightly shooed the two down the hall and into Lucy's room making sure Natsu went in with Lucy too. Ever since the two had come out of Lucy's room that day Lucy agreed to do the album there was a chemistry between them that Mira hadn't noticed before and after she noticed it she decided they needed to get together. She knew if she was too forward about it Lucy would figure out what she was doing and stop it so she had decided to take a more cautious approach this time.

The two flopped onto the bed and immediately were drawn towards each other like magnets. Lucy laid on her side and Natsu curled up next to Lucy so that they were spooning with one arm draped over her waist, Lucy responded and cuddled closer to her partner. Mira smiled mischieviously and closed the door to the blonde's bedroom. She walked down the hall and was heading towards the kitchen when a knock at the door interrupted her. She walked towards the door and looked through the peephole. Her demeanor darkened as she reluctantly opened the door to the man who broke her best friend's heart.

The two had a stare down for quite some time. Neither backing down nor showing an sign of weakness, "what are you doing here Sting?" she didn't try to hide the hatred she held for the man in front of her. He knew how much she hated him and she wanted him to know, "I am here for Lucy."

"Well Lucy doesn't want to see you."

"I guarantee she does."

"Well I guarantee she doesn't"

"Why don't you bring her here and let her decide."

"She's asleep. She was up all night writing with her partner."

"Well will you give her these and tell her I will come back tomorrow?" Sting handed her a bouquet of roses.

"I think it would be better if you didn't come back. Ever."

"Oh. Didn't she tell you? We got back together," Mira's smug face dropped and her eyes widened in horror, "no...you are lying."

"Actually. I'm not. I came by yesterday and told her how much I loved her and missed her and she told me she missed me too. We spent some time talking and got back together," Mira wasn't sure how to respond. She simply couldn't. She was too shocked. After a year of healing and trying to move on this is what it comes to? No. Mira would not allow it. Lucy was going to be with Natsu. Not Sting. Silly Lucy, if only she knew what Mira's plans were for her and Natsu. Taking the cautious path to get Lucy with Natsu just wasn't going to cut it now.

"Well I will make sure to give these to her. Now leave before I make you," although small, Mira was not someone to be messed with and Sting knew that. He quickly walked off and practically jumped into his car before driving off. Mira closed the door and locked it behind her and dropped the roses into the trash on her way to the kitchen.

At 3:00pm Lucy started to stir. She groggily opened her eyes and started to get up but realized an arm was weighing her down. She almost panicked but figured Sting had come over and decided to lay with her. She cuddled up closer to the body and soon went back to sleep.

Two hours later Natsu woke up to his phone buzzing. He opened his eyes only to find himself cuddled up next to his partner. He quickly sat up with wide eyes, "when did that happen?" He muttered to himself. He looked over at his phone on the bedside table and reached for it. It was a text from Gray that read, "Flame brain, where the hell are you? We were supposed to be practicing over an hour ago? Did you hook up with Lucy?(;" Natsu scowled at his annoying friend and reluctantly got up.

Although he knew it was wrong he didn't want to leave Lucy's side. Sleeping with Lucy that day was the best sleep he had gotten since his dad had left him when he was a little boy. Natsu walked over to the other side of the bed and looked at Lucy's sleeping face. He bent down and kissed her on the forehead, "too bad you just got back together with your ex. I think I might have feelings for you," Natsu sighed and walked out, not seeming to care that he was an hour late for band rehearsal.

Lucy woke up an hour later and the first thing she realized was the loss of who she thought had been Sting. She lazily sat up and rubbed her eyes. She looked around the room confused on where she was for a moment before slowly getting out of bed. She trudged down the hall to the kitchen and found Mira sitting at the kitchen table reading a magazine and drinking tea. Mira looked up from her magazine and smiled, "well good evening sleeping beauty," Lucy smiled and poured herself some tea before sitting next to Mira, "did I really sleep all day?" Mira giggled.

"Yep. Both you and Natsu."

"Natsu was here too?"

"Yeah. I found you two basically sleeping on your breakfast. After you guys ate breakfast I sent you two away to get some sleep," Lucy nodded. Both sat in a comfortable silence for a while when Mira said, "Sting stopped by today."

"I figured. So you know?" Mira nodded.

"I'm sorry. I wanted to be the first to tell you but Natsu and I got caught up in the studio and then morning rolled around and I was too tired to think straight and-"

"Lucy. It's okay. I understand," Mira interrupted. Lucy smiled and nodded, "I just don't understand why you would go back to him. He cheated on you."

"I know. But I miss him and people make mistakes, but we learn from them and he learned from his," Mira shook her head discouragingly, "not these kinds of mistakes."

"This is his last chance. I promise," Mira looked at Lucy's pleading face, "fine I won't act like I totally hate him," Lucy's smile dropped and she mustered her best puppy dog face, "I will be civil. That's as good as it gets," Lucy smiled in approval and hugged her manager, "thanks Mira!" Mira laughed and the two spent the rest of the night hanging together and watching movies. But, once Lucy went to bed Mira immediately started her plan to get Lucy and Natsu together.

>