

An exhausted Stan Marsh wiped sweat from his brow. Feeling overheated, he removed the cowboy hat that sat atop his traditional blue and red beanie cap. It complimented the rest of his cowboy attire; a recycled Halloween costume from a few years back. The outfit made him feel more like a proper rancher. Stan placed two fingers inside his mouth. With all the strength in his tired lungs that he could muster, he whistled. "Come on, little guys!"

A herd of sheep excitedly stampeded toward Stan. They surrounded the boy and looked up to him expectantly as they brayed seemingly uncontrollably. Showing no fear, Stan went about laying out food. His eyes were drooping and bloodshot as he looked down at his flock. Their eyes were the complete opposite; appreciative, adorable, and full of life. The happy looks on the herd's collective faces reminded Stan exactly why he took on this responsibility in the first place.

Kyle and Wendy slowly approached from the side. The morning sun rose behind their figures. Their eyes matched Stan's exhausted expression. They remained just outside the safety of a makeshift pen; leaning against the wooden planks for support. They were not in the same herder spirit as Stan; wearing only their traditional colors. They shared a concerned glance and a mutual frown at the sight of Stan's tired face. Kyle took it upon himself to speak first.

"Stan? Wendy and I have been talking. We know you love these sheep, but you can't keep doing this, dude."

"Kyle, we've been through this, I have to."

"Stan, the Department of Labor is asking questions. These weren't your sheep to start with and now-"

"We're all citizens; it's fine."

"Stan, you already have Sparky and Snowball to look after. Dogs chase rabbits and Catholics generally disapprove of homosexuals. Can you really handle all these sheep on top of all of that?" Wendy asked. As far as she was concerned, it was a rhetorical question.

"I'm training Sparky to be a sheepdog, and Snowball stays in his cage. It's fine."

"Stan, you can't just keep using your uncle's cabin as a barn" Kyle criticized. "It's unrealistic."

"We've pulled off crazier things" Stan dismissed. "Remember that whale we took care of that one time?"

"You've been slipping at school too." Wendy pointed out. "Kyle and I can't keep doing your homework for you plus our own and taking shifts watching over the sheep."

"You guys want out? Fine, then I'll take care of them myself!" Stan stubbornly crossed his arms over his chest as he glared at his human companions. His crossed hand brushed against the honorary deputy fake badge pinned against his jacket. "I'll get my family to help."

"I wouldn't count on it. Would you really trust your uncle not to shoot them or your father not to trade them for magic beans?" Wendy said.

Stan pouted as his glare intensified. He could only hold his angry look for so long until his eyes betrayed him again; closing tiredly.

"Stan, come on! You can barely keep your eyes open now!" Kyle said.

"I DON'T CARE! MY SLEEPING ALMOST GOT THEM KILLED!" Stan's head lowered. He exhaled the last of his hurtful truth through a sigh. Kyle slowly moved inside of the pen. He placed a comforting hand on Stan's left shoulder. Wendy did the same, touching the right side.

"So that's what this is really about."

"That sheep herder was an innocent victim. The flock shouldn't have to suffer because of me."

"But it was Mister Mackey's dream you were trapped in. You shouldn't blame yourself. Woodsy Owl killed that herder, Stan, not you." Wendy said.

"Yeah but the herder only got involved 'cause of me and my hoarding."

"Which you've responded to by collecting someone else's animals." Wendy pointed out.

"Well someone has to watch them!" Stan argued. "The herder just didn't come home one day. They all would've starved to death or been eaten. You look in those eyes and tell me you wouldn't have taken them in."

Kyle turned his head and looked down at the herd. Wendy knew better than to fall for that emotional trap. She looked straight ahead at Stan with determined eyes. She was going to get a positive result here for the good of everyone involved, including the sheep. Sure enough, Kyle's heart bled for the animals. "Stan, we're on your side here. I love the sheep too, but it's just too big a responsibility for us right now. If we really want to help them, we should give them to an adult who can handle it. What about nice old Mister Krueger? You told me he was remorseful he couldn't save the sheep herder in time."

Stan shook his head. "He's moving. He said something about finding his dream house."

Wendy glanced over Stan's shoulder to Kyle; unsure if she should say what was on her mind. Kyle nodded his silent approval. "Stan, I think we should liberate them." "Liberate them?" Stan repeated. Wendy smiled; happy that Stan was at least listening to her pitch. "I think it'd be best. Let them out into nature. They aren't meant to be pets, and hunters love to shoot around here. A zoo would just be a prison. We'll find a natural habitat to send them to where they can thrive and graze and increase their herd." Stan paused. "...I don't know..."

Kyle supported Wendy's idea. "Stan, whose to say the sheep aren't already better off? Maybe...Maybe in a way we already did right by them, and our jobs are done now. For all we know, maybe the herder was raising them for something horrible. To be hunted or made into coats or food or sheared at a rodeo contest."

"Or worse." Wendy added.

Stan and Kyle looked to each other, then curiously to the girl. "What could be worse for the sheep than all that?" Stan wondered.

"The things Cartman accuses us of doing with them."

Kyle and Wendy continued comforting a saddened Stan. They rubbed at his back and shoulders until he eventually relented with the tiniest "All right" under his breath.

"It really is better this way, dude." Kyle assured him.

Stan sighed. "I know. Still, I'll miss them."

Wendy smiled mischievously. She reached behind the boys' backs and snatched Kyle's favorite ushanka right off of his head, revealing an unkempt mane of red curls underneath.

"Hey!"

As Kyle protested to no avail, Wendy's fingers delicately ran through the ginger locks. "It's okay, Stan. We can still shear Kyle's hair, and it's just as soft as any wool." Wendy's action, along with Kyle's angry pout and glaring eyes in response to it, finally drew the reluctant smile out of Stan that his friends had been hoping for since the sheep herding had started. Stan's visible happiness forced Kyle to immediately forgive Wendy's cranial intrusion, but he still yanked his hat away from her and placed it back atop his head. Stan finally took their respective hands into his own. He walked with them out of the pen and down the road; the morning sun fully out and shining brightly behind them.

"Thanks you guys. Maybe now I can finally sleep again."

"Not with all the homework you'll have to catch up on" Kyle remarked.

"Bastard" Stan swore good naturedly through a tired yawn.

The End

>