

Jade:

Chapter 1:

My bum was numb.

I don't remember why I even said, "sure thing mom! I don't mind sitting back here with the stuff." Because three and a half hours later, whilst sitting in a dimly lit moving truck with a bunch of rattling boxes, you can sure as hell I mind NOW!

With a jolt and a hiss the van stopped and the doors opened. Allowing sunlight and a the sweet scent of grass.

Hopping out I was met with almost nothing. There were three buildings.

"Littleroot." I said aloud. Looking around. There were two two-storey houses (one of them with the van in front) and a larger building to my right that looked like a laboratory of some kind, "Sure lives up to it's name."

The door to the nearest house opened and my mother exited the building. She had long brown hair, brown eyes and always had a dazzling smile (except when I got into trouble (which was rather frequently)),

"Seth! We're here honey!" She said, smiling brightly and giving me a tight hug, "It must be tiring riding with our things in the moving truck."

I raised an eyebrow and Mom smirked at me.
"Well this is Littleroot Town." She said and I looked around.
'I guess in Hoenn region two houses and a place of science equated to a town.' I thought with a smirk, 'Heck! That's barely an estate back home.'

"How do you like it?" Mom asked, pulling me out of my musings, "This is our new home! It has a quaint feel but seems to be an easy place to live, don't you think?"

"Well, I can't say. We haven't lived here yet." I said with a sigh and had a look at the back of my hand where a cut was present due to one of the loose boxes.
"No need for the sarcasm, young man. You get your own room!" Mom said, hands on her hips as she scolded me. "Let's go inside."

We walked into to the small house we had parked in front and found a pair of Pokémon running here and there all over the house to make it liveable for humans. I was instructed to set up everything in my room and made my way upstairs.

In my new room I found a computer on a small desk in the corner, a tv, a clock, a bed and a map of the Hoenn region. Scrutinising it I saw Petalburg City, where my father (Norman) worked. Smiling, I noticed a mirror and took a good look at myself. White spiked hair with a headband with an emerald green Pokéball design on it, a black pair of trousers and jacket with the same emerald green on the arms, chest and outer leg. I had a beige backpack on my back with a strap running across my chest where Pokéball's were supposed to be kept. Smirking I thought,

'If Mom ever allows me to ever go off and get any Pokémon of my own!' She was overly protective and distrusting at the same time. I assumed it was due to the myriad of fights I had gotten into at school back at home. Many said I took after my father, who had had a violent streak in him that he had channelled into his Pokémon journey as a 10 year old boy. I was 11 at this time. (Very close to 12) and hadn't set off on the customary journey that generations of the family had set off on much earlier than I.

I looked at the map again but my eyes drifted to a large island on the eastern edge. Ever Grande City, the home of this regions Elite Four.

"One day. I'll make it there." I said aloud, my eyes clenched in determination as I allowed my mind to wander. My dream being to train myself to be better than my father. To walk up Victory Road and swipe the title of Champion from them all. "Soon."

Setting my new clock (courtesy of Dad to commemorate the momentous move from the Kanto region to Hoenn) I slipped back downstairs. Ready to confront my mother about borrowing her Vulpix and a few Pokéball's to try and catch a Pokémon of my own when I was called forth.

"Seth. Seth! Come quick!"

Bounding down the stairs I saw my mother by the TV, the moving Pokémon long gone.
'How long was I upstairs?!'

"Oh Seth! Seth! Quickly! Come quickly!" She said in one breath and I ran over to her,
"What's going on?!" I asked, wariness evaporating when I saw no worry on her face,
"Look! It's Petalburg Gym!" She said, pointing excitedly at the TV that was flashing some kind of news report. "Maybe Dad will be on!"

Walking next to her I witnessed a thin man in a with thinning brown hair announce the end of the particular report and for the screen to go black.

"Oh… it's over." Mom said, crestfallen, "I think Dad was on but we missed him. Oh well."

Settling into a chair with a mug of tea I sighed, disappointed I didn't get to see Dad and deciding I wanted to get out of the house.
"Where are you off to?" Mom asked,
"I just want to go out for some fresh air." I said as I went to the front door.
"Okay then, don't go off too far and be careful." She said and I smiled back,
"I will." I said and opened the door,
"Oh! One of Dad's friends lives in town. He lives next door." She said,
"Do you want me to say hi?" I asked, an eyebrow raised,
"Well it would be polite. Prof. Birch is his name." Mom called as I began to leave, "He has a daughter around your age!"

Mom missed the ruby red blush that alighted my cheeks as I closed the door. Was she seriously trying to hook me up with a girl I didn't even know? Smooth.

'Still. What do I have to lose?' I asked myself. Shrugging and smiling. I made my way over to the other house with a spring in my step. Dad always said a journey begins with a single step.

And I've taken 7 already!.

>