


Thanks for all of the reviews! I hope I can get just as many followers and reviews for the sequel! As always, I'd love to hear what you guys think! I do not own anything in this chapter, besides Laci, everything else belongs to their rightful owners



Chapter 1



#^%$^&amp;$&amp;^


It had been a couple of weeks since Derek left town. Laci hadn't told Isaac about the kiss, and it was tearing them apart. She had started avoiding being alone with him, and it was putting stress on their relationship. Guilt was eating her inside out every time she saw him, but she couldn't find it in herself to tell him. She had wanted to come clean when it happened, but then she had started to doubt herself. He had started letting his eyes move to Allison a lot more recently. He was interested in her, she could see that, but she trusted him now to stray like she had.

If he only knew about the kiss with Derek, he'd have a field day with that. She knew by now that he was just waiting for a reason for them to break up. They barely talked anymore, and touching was out of the question. She always felt so guilty when he kissed her, so after awhile of her dodging him, he stopped trying. Of course, living in the same house as Isaac didn't make anything easier for them. Her mom had come up with rules though. No bedroom doors were allowed to be closed when they were together, and Scott had permission to spy on them to make sure they kept to that rule.

Not that there even needed to be rules, especially when she and Isaac were so tense lately with each other, but as long as they were together, there were rules. Of course, the rules were the least of her problems lately. Between Scott hallucinating and her keeping Derek kissing her from Isaac, the dreams were worse. She couldn't control her dreams, much less what happens while she's dreaming. Laci had a habit of talking in her sleep, and one little slip up could ruin her life. It would be a lot easier if she could stop dreaming about Derek, or about both Derek and Isaac.

Some dreams were nice, not that she'd ever admit it to anyone. The ones with both Isaac and Derek weren't always bad, some had turned to nightmares quickly, but some were dreams she never wanted to wake up from again. It wasn't the dreams that worried her though, it was the little fact that all it took was her saying one word, one name, in her sleep that would clue both her brother and boyfriend in on what she was dreaming about. That would not be a good conversation to have, and she wasn't looking forward to one about Derek with Isaac at all.

Waking up from one of her dreams, it took her a moment to remember where she was. Her dream had been one of the night ones. It was one of those times where she could still feel the burning kisses on her skin, the touches from his hands on her. Her body felt like it was on fire, and she knew she needed a cold shower to make it stop. Climbing out of her bed, she tossed the sheets aside, throwing her feet over the edge and getting up. She crossed the room, look for something to wear today. Her fingers skimmed over a familiar dress. Seeing it brought up two very different memories for her. The night she had danced with Derek at a party, and her first date with Isaac.

Shaking her head, she moved past the dress and kept looking. She had made her choice between Isaac and Derek a long time ago. She had chosen Isaac, and that had been that. It hadn't been a hard choice at the time. She loved Isaac, she wanted Isaac. So why did Derek's kiss throw her off so badly? Why did she kiss him back? Things hadn't been the same with Isaac since the baby scare, she knew that, but they had gotten back together. They were moving past it, they had want to.

Out of frustration, she just grabbed a green sweater dress and tossed it on her bed with a bra, underwear, and tights to go underneath it. Grabbing a towel she headed to the bathroom and hopped into the shower. She stripped out of her clothes, letting her hair down from the bun she had put it up in before she went to sleep, and got into the shower. Letting the water hit her, she knew that neither of the boys had been in here yet. Which meant she would be the one to get the hot water if she wanted to. Of course, that would imply that she wanted one, but right now she just wanted her body to cool down.

Getting out of the shower a few minutes later, she wrapped the towel around her and left the bathroom just as Isaac came flying out of Scott's room. He hit the wall, causing the picture hanging up to fall as he collapsed to the ground. She stood there in shock, not having a clue as to what just happened. "Hey!" Laci to see that it was her mom coming around the corner, no doubt to come see what the noise was. "You two supernatural teenage boys, don't test my entirely
un
supernatural level of patience. Laci, go get dressed. You're going to be late for school," Melissa told the three teenagers, giving Isaac a sharp look before going back down to finish what she had been doing.

Laci look back at Isaac as he picked himself up from the floor, brushing himself off before looking over at her. They had gotten to the point where she could stand in front of him in just a towel and he wouldn't turn red looking at her, but she knew that it still affected him to some level. "Uh, looking good, Lace," he said out, giving her a nervous laugh as Scott came out of his room. He paused, giving them both a look before rolling his eyes and moving past them. There was only so much he wanted to know about Isaac's relationship with his sister, and him asking how he felt about them sleeping across the hall from each other was not something he wanted to think about.

Isaac opened his mouth to ask Laci if she was riding with him, but she just hurried inside of her room to get dressed. She had taken a longer shower than she had meant to, so whatever time she thought she had left was no longer the case. Isaac sighed as the door shut, once again keeping him from being alone with her. He didn't understand why she suddenly refused to be alone with him, even for a second, but he was getting tired of it quick. He missed just being about to lay in bed with her talking about nothing. It wasn't the sex or kissing he missed, well he missed it but it wasn't what he couldn't live without. It was being about to talk to her, just lay with her and do nothing.

Instead of waiting outside her door like a pathetic loser, he went down and made some toast for them since it seemed like there was a good chance they wouldn't be leaving on time for school today. She came downstairs about fifteen minutes later and stopped short, surprised to see that he had still waited for him. That meant that they would be alone for however long it took to get to school. That was something she wasn't sure she could handle yet. "Um, Lydia said she drive me. You didn't have to stay," she told him softly, motioning to her phone. She was just hoping that Lydia hadn't already gotten to school yet. She just wasn't ready to be alone with Isaac yet, especially not after some of the dreams she had been having.

The guilt of keeping the kiss a secret from him was starting to really get to her. She had dreamt of all kinds of different ways it could go over if he ever found out, and none of them ended well. She could see that he was hurt by her finding another way to avoid him, but she couldn't risk it. She knew the second they were really alone and forced to talk, she was going to crack and tell him everything. She knew that Isaac had nowhere else to go, no one else to rely on. She wasn't going to put him in that position where he thought he couldn't stay here with them. With one last look to him, she moved past him, taking a piece of toast, and kissed him on the cheek before leaving.

$%#%^$%#

Lydia had been able to pick Laci up, thank god, and now they were just waiting for Allison to show up. Lydia had noticed that Isaac was home, and he was fully capable of taking Laci to school. She had been holding in her questions for the entire ride, Laci had to give her some credit that she had lasted this long, but she couldn't wait any longer. She needed to know what was going on. "So I noticed Isaac was home when I picked you up. Aren't you two still together? Trouble in paradise already?" she asked her as they left her locker in search of Allison. They still had a good twenty minutes before classes started, but Allison had yet to make an appearance.

Lydia studied her face as she processed the question. Something was definitely up from the look on Laci's face at the mention of Isaac. That much was clear. Now she needed to know what was going on between them. "Um, yeah, but, um . . . he just couldn't. We haven't been, um, we're just having problems," she told her, trying to be as vague as she possibly could be about the subject. The last thing she wanted to do was tell Lydia about her problems with Isaac and the kiss with Derek. If Lydia knew, it was only a matter of time before Isaac knew about it too, and she couldn't have that. Not until she was ready at least.

Lydia didn't seem to believe her though. She could see right through her, and they both knew it. Lydia had told plenty of lies before, so many she could tell a good one from a bad one, and Laci's was definitely a bad one. For a girl with a lot of secrets, she couldn't lie for the hell of her. "Okay, how about we try that again. Only, the truth this time," she told her, giving her a look that warned her not to lie again. She'd see right through her and then it would just be pathetic at that point.

Laci looked around, not wanting someone to accidentally overhear something that they really shouldn't. Gossip spread like wildfire in this school, and she had no doubt if the wrong person overhead that Isaac would know by the end of first period. "I did something, and he doesn't know yet. I just . . . I can't tell him. Not yet," she tried her best to explain to her without really telling her anything. The last thing she needed was for her to accidentally blurt it out in front of someone she shouldn't.

Even if every fiber in her body was against Lydia knowing what she had done, a part of her wanted someone to talk to, someone to tell her what to do. Isaac had been her first serious boyfriend. Derek had been the first guy she had ever had real feelings for. "Well, what did you do? Don't be vague, just spit it out already," Lydia told her, not wanting to waste time beating around the bush about this. Laci had stalled enough, she wasn't going to let her continue to do so. It only made her want to know what it was more.

She thought her problem between picking one of them had ended the night she had chosen Isaac, but here they were again, with the same problem. And it was all because Derek had to kiss her before he left town. He wasn't even here anymore and he was still the one causing her problems. "Uh, um, look . . . I don't know how to . . . Derek kissed me," she finally spit it out, her cheeks turning red after saying it out loud. It was the first time she had done that, and she hoped it was going to be the last.

It was hard enough getting over him the first time, she hadn't planned on having to do it a second time now. Only this time, she had a boyfriend who she very much loved. Before she had barely known Isaac, they hadn't even gone on their first date yet. She hadn't even thought it would last, but here they were, still together. That only added to her guilt about keeping the secret from him. "Wow, I did not see that coming," Lydia said her, her surprise actually real. She opened her mouth to ask her something else, but the sound of the doors a few feet in front of them caught their attention.

Allison had run threw the doors, looking like she had just been chased by a ghost. Thought, at this point? They wouldn't be surprised if she was. They watched her a second. Allison looked completely zoned out, as if she was confused as to how she had gotten to where she was standing now. That worried Laci more than it did Lydia. Scott had been having hallucinations since they took down Jennifer. It was obvious to her now that he wasn't the only one. That meant that Stiles must be getting them as well. "Allison, you okay?" Lydia asked her as she stepped in front of the frightened girl. Allison nodded her head frantically, but neither girl believed her. They shared a worried look, they needed to find Scott and Stiles.

>