


Today was your life will change for the better or worse


Connor was sitting on the couch ( pretty sure couches existed at that time ) reading one of Achilles book from the book shelf. Since the death of his mentor and the Templar leaders Connor has been living a peaceful and quiet life…alone. At first it was okay for the young man but now he was feeling lonely without someone to talk to…or at least be here when he came home. Connor missed everyone. The tribe, Achilles, his mother, even his father. He missed everyone. But today all of that will change as he hears a knock on his door. Connor puts the book down and answers it.

Please don't let it be another fire. He says to himself before opening the door. Before him was a blonde young woman holding a letter in her hand. She was dressed up in golden threats and diamonds.

Hello sir! Are you Connor Kenway? She asks.

Indeed I am. May I help you? He says.

Yes you may! My name is Elizabeth Greenway! But you may call me Lizzy for short. Lizzy tells him as she curtsy. I am here on account for your father's WILL. Lizzy hands him the letter that she was holding.

What is this? He asks.

Haytham gifts to you from his WILL! He also wants you to attend you to come to his home for gifts he bought for you. She says.

I see…thank you Lizzy.

Have a nice day! She curtsies to him before walking away from his door step. Connor opens the letter and reads what Haytham left him:


Connor… I know I was not much of a father to you…considering I wasn't there at all makes it even harder to ask you to do things for me even after my death. But first let me tell you this: being my first and only child you are the only one who deserves nothing but the best so you will have everything. My home, my money, my values and my land. You deserve it Connor all I asks is that you do one thing for me. In my dining room there is a flat door leading to the basement. In the basement there is a table with 7 candles. Please lite every candle in my honor. That all I ask.
* Connor stops reading *

He left me everything…candles? Connor says to himself. Since not much was happening around him he thought it wouldn't hurt to see what his father had left him. Plus the candle thing it must be done! So Connor made up his mind and decided to head out to England ( I'm not 100% sure that's where Haytham lives but in my story he lives there ).

( two days later )

Connor was standing in front of his father house….or mansion! Apparently Haytham was a monopoly at some point of his life, plus his grandfather owns a lot of rare items that were very valuable to certain people. In other words Haytham was beyond rich and all of this was going to Connor! Connor took a deep breath before entering the house. When he was done he entered the house and nearly fainted. The outside was nothing compare to the inside! This house could shelter his whole entire village if wanted to. Before Connor could think he was greeted by two males dressed in red and blue suits.

Hello Connor! One of the males says. My name Drew and this is my brother Andrew!

Hello sir! Andrew says.

Haytham has asks us to take you to your room! Drew says. The two men lead Connor to his room. Connor room was a well clean room wrap presents on the bed.

Bye! The two men say as they walk away from the room.

Creepy…Connor says to himself as he unwraps some of the presents his father left for him. Some of them were cloths and others were weapons. Connor didn't care much for it though. All he wanted was to light the candles and leave this place. So he left the room in search of the dining room. When he found the room it took him a while to realize the flat door was under the rug. He removes the rug and lifted the door. It was a fleet of stairs leading to darkness so Connor took a lit candle. As he walks down he couldn't help but feel a cold breeze, it scared him a little. When he finally got to the bottom he saw the table with the candles. Each candle had a name on it. The first one Connor lit was his father, then Charles Lee then…Ziio. His mother candle was here? Connor just shook his head and lit the candle and the other candles with his enemy's names. After lighting the candles he walk back up stairs and closed the door. Only to be greeted by a loud thunder noise. Connor walks out side to look up at the dark skies filled with thunder and lighting. It then started to rain or morally rained cats and dogs.

You shouldn't be out here sir! Drew says. Andrew is holding an umbrella shielding Connor from the rain.

You two are very quiet walkers. I did not hear you coming towards me. He says.

You should come inside sir! Andrew says. You wouldn't want to catch a cold!

I suppose you are right. Connor says as he walks back inside the mansion. For some reason he started to feel very sleepy.

Goodbye sir! Andrew says. Drew and I must go attend to our mother.

Have a good day! Drew says before he walks out the house with his brother. Connor waves goodbye to them before closing the door. He then walks up stairs into his room and falls asleep on his bed.

( later that night )

Connor! Connor! Son! Connor was woken up by the voice of his father. He opened his eyes to see Haytham, a young Haytham staring down at him thanks to the moon light in the room.

Father? Connor says as he lights a candle to get a better view of what's going on. He holds up the candle closer to Haytham to get a better look. Connor then takes his father hand. He holds it for a while then his eyes widen.

FATHER! Connor shouts as jumps out of his bed and runs out the room. Haytham chases after him.

Connor please calm down! Let me explain! Haytham says as he tries to catch up to his son.

Explain what!? You're alive when you should be dead! Connor tells him. Connor runs to the front door only to notice that it is lock and the keys were nowhere. Connor then looks back at his father.

Where are the keys? Connor asks. Haytham slowly approaches his son.

Connor please calm down. I just-WHERE ARE THE KEYS!? Connor shouts in fear.

I hide them. Haytham answers. Connor stares at him.

Let me out! He shouts.

What is your problem, son?

You're alive when you should be dead!

So?

This means that this is a dream or that your spirit is here to punish me!

Oh for bloody hell Connor! Don't tell me you believe in the whole spirit junk! Haytham says as he rolls his eyes.

I want out! Please let me out Haytham! Connor says.

I will let you out, but you have to listen to me first. Haytham tells his son.

Alright, then you will give me the keys?

Yes I will.

Explain yourself.

The candles you lit in my honor…those candles are as second chance candles.

Second chance?

It means when you light one candle that has a hair of someone you love and their name you can bring them back.

Bring them back? Connor says to himself as he remembers the names that the candles had. BRING THEM BACK!? You mean Charles Lee, William Johnson, Thomas Hickey, John Pitcairn and Benjamin Church!

Yes! Haytham answered. Connor faints out of shock ( I know this isn't Connor but if your father came back from the dead along with your enemies…you be scared shit too! ).

( living room )

Connor was lying on the couch sleeping. Sitting beside him was his father watching over him with concern. Across from them was Charles lee and Thomas Hickey. Apparently Haytham missed a step in the candle ritual.


The steps


1. Get candles

2. Get hair of the person one you want coming back



3.





Make sure the person has at least walked into the house once so that the soul will know where to go when brought back.



4. Convince someone to light the candles after you death.

5. Enjoy your second chance at life!

(You get what he missed)

Haytham forgot to invite his friend to the house so that the spirits will know where to go. Because of this they
WILL NOT
be given a second chance. The only reason why Charles and Thomas are here is because Haytham invited Charles over for tea once and Thomas spent the night one day after he had pass out after a drinking contest that he lost to Haytham. Haytham, being a good friend, carried him to his house so Thomas would not get sick.

So what are we going to do with him, Haytham? Thomas asks. We going to smother him in his sleep or poison his tea?

None of that you fool! This is my son!

So?

Then let me tell you something shit for brains! The one who lights the candles is also the one that we cannot kill.

What do you mean?

It means if you kill him we go back to the grave!

What!? Charles shouts. We can't kill the man who killed us!?

No, and even if you could, I wouldn't let you. Haytham says. Connor turns his head to the side where Thomas is siting.

So what do we do when he wakes up? Running away like rats from a hungry cat as he chases us with his swords? Thomas says.

No, I hide all the pointy objects in the house he won't be stabbing anyone in the neck. Haytham says. Connor eyes slowly open and saw Thomas. He stares at him for a few seconds before jumping off of the couch. His hand goes to his hip for his sword but realizes it not there, or the hidden blade, or his gun. He then looks at his father.

Where are my weapons!? He barks at him.

Hidden! I can't afford you going on a killing spree because of fear! Haytham tells him. Now please just sit down and let's talk.

You want me to talk to my enemies as if they were my friends? Connor asks.

Can you talk to me as if you were my son!? Haytham shouts to the boy. Connor looks around the room and then sits next to his father.

You may speak. Connor says.

I want a second chance. So I did the whole candle thing and convince you to do the light candles thing. And yes tricking you was wrong but I did it out of love.

Then why are they here? Connor says as he points to the other men in the room.

A friend or 2. Haytham says making Connor stand up from his seat.

You're full of shit! And you think I-Connor stops talking and look at the woman that just came out of the kitchen room holding a tea set with tea ready to serve. Connor was lost in words but he was able to say one.

Mother?

Ratonhnhaké:ton.


Kikkie: chapter one! yay! i'm so happy!

plz
R&amp;R; and NO BAD COMMENTS!


>