


Dance floor of shame.


A ball? You want me to go to a ball? Connor asks his father as he gets dressed behind a screen.

Yes a ball! A ball is a formal dance. Haytham says.

I know what a ball is! What I don't know is why I am going!? Connor says.

My old friend has invited me and my family to a house welcoming party. I just got the invite today. He says. How long does it take you to put on pants? He asks his son, who at the moment, was having difficulties putting on the small black pants.

These pants are hard to close! Connor agrues.

Suck it in boy! Haytham orders his son.

What about mother? Will she be going? Connor asks.

Of course! My Ziio will be the highlight of the ball! Haytham looks to his feet. Literally!

What?

Nothing! Get dress son! Haytham says before leaving the room to go see how Ziio was doing. He walks to their bedroom door and knocks on it.

Lizzy! How is Ziio? Haytham asks. The door opens with Lizzy standing front of him with a huge smile on her face.

I made beauty! Lizzy says. Come on out Ziio! She shouts as Ziio walks from behind the cover showing Haytham how she looks. Ziio dress was all white dress but had a blue slash around her waist with a ribbon tied in the back with blue gloves that went to her elbow. The top part of her dress was being hold up by a thin spaghetti strap. Her breasts were noticeable. She was wearing Glass slippers (like Cinderella) but they were hardly noticeable. Her hair was tie into a ponytail with only two bangs hanging out by her ears. She was wear red lips stick with diamond earrings and a blue diamond necklace that hang off her dress. Haytham was speechless at her appearance.

How do I look? Ziio asks with a tint of blush on her cheeks.

Beautiful! He tells her. Your beauty beyond words!

Hey! I created this! Lizzy points out.

Good job! Now get in the carriage! Haytham tells her. Lizzy rolls her eyes and leaves the room and Haytham and Ziio follow her. When they got down stairs they saw Connor all dress up and ready to head out.

Hello Connor! Lizzy says. Nice to see you again!

Same! Connor says. He opens the front door for her and leads her to the carriage and helps her in. once all four of them were in the carriage started to move. Since it was a long way there Connor decided to talk to Lizzy.

So Lizzy. Connor starts up. How do you know my father?

Oh! Haytham loan me money to start my own business! She says.

What business is that?

I run a chain of whorehouses! Lizzy says making Connors eyes widen a bit.

Whorehouses!? How old are you!?

I just turned 14! She says.

You are still a child! Connor shouts to her. Where are your parents?

Dead! Or they abandon me on the streets when I was a kid. I don't remember. Lizzy puts her index finger to her lips and think.

Oh dear…Ziio says.

Ziio what's your real name? Lizzy asks.

Kaniehti:io. She answers.

Kan-eh-oh…Lizzy tries to pounce it but fails.

Just call her
Ziio
. Haytham tells the young girl.

( the ball )

The carriage stops in front of a cotton house that was lit up with candles and mirrors. Connor was the first to step out of the carriage. He then helps Lizzy and his mother out as well ( such a gentleman! ). Haytham was the last to get out of the carriage.

Shall we madam? Haytham says as he offers an elbow to Ziio (how a guy offer a hand, I don't know what's it called XD). She smiles and accepted while Connor and Lizzy follow behind. When they entered the entire room was staring at them but mostly Connor and Ziio.

I don't like these stares. Connor whispers to his mother.

Me ether. She says as she scratches her nose. The four walk down the stairs to the crowd where they are greeted by a chubby looking man wearing a blue suit with white pants on.

Hello Haytham! The man says in happy voice. I'm so glad you could make it! It has been a very long time since I've seen you my boy!

And the same goes for you Dr. Wilson. Haytham says. He eyes then goes to Connor and Ziio.

You do know that only family members are welcome here, not servants. Dr. Wilson told Haytham, both Connor and Ziio remand quite.

They are my family Wilson. He says. My wife Ziio and my son Connor!

Oh! Dr. Wilson says. He walks up to Ziio and bows to her. Hello! He says to her very loud and clear. My name is Dr. Wilson! I am a doctor! I help people!

I
CAN
speak English DOCTOR WILSON! Ziio tells him. And what Doctor are you? Are you a doctor for teeth, the body, or sex frustration?

Um… sex frustration. Dr. Wilson says.

Figures! She says. Also a sex frustration doctor does not help their clients, their just like prostitutes only with certificates. She tells Dr. Wilson this before walking away from him. Connor follows his mother.

She a spicy apple isn't she!?

The spiciest ever! Haytham says.

(an hour later )

Ziio was sitting outside on a lawn chair on the porch of the back yard rose garden. So far she has been bump into, talk about and step on by the guest in less than an hour. During the dance she was about to leave but she saw the most amazing thing ever…her son was talking to a beautiful green eyed girl. That only was enough to give her the courage to stay put. She was staring at the stars in the night sky.

Enjoying yourself? A voice from behind her asks. She turns around to Haytham hovering over her like a hawk.

It's better than being in there! She says. Why are you out here?

They're about to start the slow dance.

So?

I wanted a partner. He tells her as he leans down to kiss her lips. Ziio stops him with her index finger.

Something not right! She says.

What do you mean? If you're thinking of Connor you-Haytham was cut off by a loud noise of shattering glass. The two ran back into the ball room with haste only to find an upset woman and one behind her yelling at Connor.

You broke my diamond statue! She shouts at him.

I'll pay for it. Connor tells her only to hear her scream in annoyances.

Nothing you have will make up for this you NATIVE! She screams making Haytham step in between them.

Hello Samantha! He says. The woman stops her bickering at Connor and looks straight at the young man butting in.

Haytham! I have not seen you in years! Samantha says. Can you believe my father invited this native and a black to my party? She says as her point to Connor and Aveline.

Can you believe this native my son? Haytham answers in a sarcastic but mean way that made Samantha look sad.

Oh…wait, you have a wife?! She as in shock as she notice Ziio behind Haytham. The young girl behind her was looks at Ziio in disgust.

Ew! A native! How disgusting are you man?! The young girl says.

I'm going to go wait in the carriage, bye Haytham. Ziio says before walking past the three talking people. Connor and Aveline follow behind her.

Ziio…Haytham silently says.

(the Carriage )

That party was a circus! Aveline says as she takes her hair pins out of her hair. Ziio was in the Carriage taking her bow off from around her waist. She looks down to her feet in sadness.

I feel as though this will be our last ball room dance. Connor says. Aveline do you have a lift home tonight?

No, I mostly walk home. She says making Connor worry about her.

You can ride with us if you want. Connor says.

Oh no, I am fine by myself. Bonsoir Connor! (Goodnight Connor). She says before walking off into the night.

Goodnight. He shouts as he watches her from afar until she faded into the darkness of the night. He attention then turns to his sadden mother.

Are you alright? Connor asks his mother.

I am fine. She says. Ziio looks out the window of the carriage to see Haytham and Lizzy walking down the stairs of the front porch of mansion. Haytham looked beyond upset while Lizzy looks worried. When they got into the carriage Haytham orders the driver to take them straight home. Along the way they stopped to drop off Lizzy at her home. When the three got home Haytham literally grabbed Connor arm and dragged him into the mansion. He tosses him on the couch like he was a bag of feathers. Ziio walks into the room and takes a seat next to the confused Connor.

What did you do Connor? Haytham asks.

What do you mean? He asks

The statue! What did you do to the statue!?

I fell on it because I was dancing with my friend. Connor answers.

So you didn't knock it over? Haytham asks.

No I did not. Connor replies.

Are you sure? Haytham asks.

I am! Connor answers. Do not treat me like a child!

Connor I-Haytham stops talking. He takes a deep breath before speaking again.

Connor I have to tell you something. Haytham says. That statue that you accidently broke had a Goddess in it.

What? Ziio asks.

The statue you broke was called Aphrodite soul. It is said when it is broken Aphrodite will go to the closes person with her blood in their veins. Haytham says making Connor stare at him in disbelieve.

You don't honestly believe in that mythical stuff?! Do you? Connor asks his father.

2 days ago I was 6 feet under with a tomb stone over my head! Today I'm walking around the world as if nothing has happen and you honestly just ask me,
ME
! If I believe in myths! Haytham shouted at his son.

Good point! Connor says.

You know what; I shall tell you more in the morning. Right now I am tired. Goodnight! He tells his wife and son before going up stairs to rest.


Kikkie: ziio looks so pretty! anyway that pt 4, sorry it took so long to post i have been busy lately. anyway plz review and no bad comments also


I DO NOT OWN AC3 NOR ITS CHARACTERS!




>