

Farewell Fairy Tail

"
ROOAAARRRR!"
Ancologia roared out while descended from the sky into Crocus. His body came in view below the clouds, showing his entire body covers in black round scales, which are decorated by spiraling blue marking. His inner body like his belly, inner tail, and legs are gray and looks smooth. His eyes are white and beady, and his is round and blunt with four, large, elongated plates extending backward. Letting out another roar making the ground shake and rubbles crashing to the ground.

"Why…..why is Ancologia doing here?" Lucy shouted in fear as her voice trembled, tears about leak from her eyes. Making everyone eyes widened as what they just heard.

"
ROOAARRR!"
Ancologia roared once again making the mages step back in fear.

"What's going on...? We just finish with the dragons that came through the eclipse gate!" Gray shouted. Staring up at Ancologia who was preparing to use his dragon breath down at Crocus. Making everyone starting to panic.

"EVERYONE MAKE A RUN FOR IT! HURRY UP AND GO! Erza shouted making everyone started to run. Ancologia just finish gathering up magic for his breath fire down at Crocus causing a big explosion to erupt. The Castle started to rumble, causing big smokes to appear where his breath hit. When the smoke died down, as Crocus once stood was now in ruins from the devastated blast.

Mages laying on the ground was either dead or suffer heavily injures from the blast. Bloods scattered everywhere from the lifeless body, to limbs missing from the body. It was a massacre. The rest of the mages that wasn't killed or injured stared wide eyes where there falling comrades lay dead or crying in pain. Everyone start to run over to their friends and family that was caught in the explosion. Crying and screaming about their love ones, tears falling from their eyes.

"Gramps/Master!" Was heard from Fairy Tail mages as they sprint towards the middle of the ruins where Master Makarov was laying as he was in his Titan form receiving majority of the blast so other mages could escape in time.

Natsu ran in front of the groups of Fairy Tail as tears spilling from his eyes where Makarov body began to turn back in his tiny size. Bloods spilling from his stomach and causing him cough up blood. Natsu and the rest of the group arrives at Makarov side as Wendy began to heal him as tears ran down there cheeks. "
What the hell are you guys still doing here run away. Get out of here."
Makarov whisper as his breathing became heavier.

"What do you mean what we're doing here Gramps! We're here to take you with us!" Natsu shouted as his tears falling from his eyes. "Wendy is healing you right now; we're going back to Fairy Tail together this time." As everyone else agree.

"
Idiots….. My brats are all idiots."
Makarov chuckled as everyone else smile a little at his comment. Wendy just finish done healing Makarov as Laxus picked him up before they started to run towards Sabortooth, Mermaid Heels and the rest of the guild mages that was gathering together. As Ancologia landed in the center of the ruins, he was now facing the rest of the remaining mages before letting out another roar.

"WE'RE GOING TO DIE, EVERYONE GOING TO DIE. "One of the mages shouted making the rest saying the same thing while trembling in fear.

"SHUT UP! WE'RE GOING TO SURVIVE AND GOING HOME ALIVE!" Erza shouted back at the mages, who stop mumbling about deaths. As she said that Ancologia prepare another breath attack aiming towards the mages. "EVERYONE GET READY! DUCK WHEN I TELL YOU TOO." Equipping her armor into 'Adamantine Armor' she stood in front of the mages ready to absorb the incoming attack.

"Erza you won't survive if you take it head on, you're going to die!" Gray shouted as him and Natsu try to run to her but stop by Elfman and Laxus. They tried to struggle against their grip but their grip were too strong as they watch an incoming attack flying towards them as Erza yells for everyone to drop to the ground as she prepare to die to protect her friends. The blasted hit the ground causing a massive magic energy to hit them making them flew back. Cloud of dust cover the area where Erza was, making everyone yell out to her if she was okay. When the dusts finally cleared up, they saw Erza unharmed, but what makes everyone surprise was an orange sphere surround them with the Fairy Tail symbol on top. Making everyone in Fairy Tail eyes widened knowing who just save all of their lives.

"Guess like I made it on time." A voice said as the Fairy Tail member turn to their attention towards Master Mavis who was floating in the air. "I cast Fairy Sphere but it would only last another attack. Once you're in here you can't get out." Mavis said as she descending toward the ground. A swallowing sound was heard from Ancologia who was preparing another breath attack.

"Everyone the sphere will only last one more attack, after this run as far away as you can!" Erza shouted toward the remaining mages which they nodding without taking their eyes away from Ancologia. The Dragon King was about blast them but an explosion caught their ears as they saw an explosion on Ancologia back making his attack cancel.

"
Lighting Flame Dragon's Fist!"
A voice was heard as everyone turns their attention to the right to see a figure flying. To everyone surprise and Fairy Tail member horror was Happy carrying Natsu toward Ancologia face before Natsu right fist engulf in lighting and flames as he made contact, making Ancologia fall back on the ground not before hitting Natsu and Happy with his Dragon tail. Sending them toward the other mages before crashing in front of them onto the ground. Everyone eyes were widened when Natsu just made Ancologia fall back.

"Natsu!" Everyone shouted at him as they ran toward the edge of the sphere to see him and Happy pushing off the ground as Natsu cough up blood from the force that hit him. "Idiot why the fuck are you out there. You're going to die you idiot!" Gray shouted as Natsu turn his back toward his friends as Happy stand on top of Natsu shoulder with his back also facing them. "Oi... answer me Natsu, Happy why the fuck are you doing out there?" Gray shouted hitting both of his fists on the sphere.

"What do you think ice princess? I'm going to kick his ass and back." Natsu said while punch his fist into his palm.

"Aye!" Happy said.

"Stop joking around you're going to die out there Natsu and Happy get in here!" Lucy yelled.

"Don't want too." Both of them said back not taking their eyes off of Ancologia who was getting up. Before he gave Natsu and Happy a glare, to which both happily glare back.

"Stop taking this as a joke Natsu! Grow up you can't beat him you're going to die!" Erza yelled out in anger. As everyone else started too yelled out at him get him inside or to run away. The yelling continues and Natsu grew tick marks on his forehead from being annoyed. "Natsu get your ass back here now!" Erza yelled full of rage making the other mage flinch on her tone.

"SHUT THE FUCK UP!" Natsu roared back turning his face toward them with an annoyed look on his face, showing his anger at them making some step back at the now piss off Dragon Slayer. "I know it's fucking dangerous being out here, and I also know that I'm going to die out here!" Natsu roared back. Making everyone eyes went wide on his statement. That he was prepared to die here.

"You….You knew that you're going to die, so why are you still staying here?" Lucy shouted full of anger surprising everyone even Natsu and Happy. "Why… why won't you run away Natsu… enough Natsu stop acting like a hero and run away with Happy…. Please go Natsu. I don't want you to die." Tears falling down her cheeks. Everyone look at Lucy with awe and sorrow, even Natsu look at her with a soft face smiling lightly before turning around and facing Ancologia once again.

"Sorry Luce but I can't run away." Natsu said softly but loud enough to let everyone hear him. "I know we can't survive against Ancologia…. That's why I'm here! To give you guys enough time to stay alive and run away. I will be the one to give you guys hope to survive and live on into the future." Natsu said turning back as he smile at them, not his usual goofy smile he always wear but a soft caring smile that no one seen before.

"Natsu." Everyone said with tears pouring from their eyes. Even Gray is crying, Gajeel let out one single stray tear to fall before wiping it, not letting anyone to see him cry.

"Aye! I will be with Natsu till the end, that's what best friend is for!" Happy smile on his shoulder making Natsu smile and pat the little exceed on the head.

"Happy." Carla whisper as tears flow to her eyes as well.

"Stop messing around Natsu. Do you remember what you told me? To not sacrifice for your friends but live for them!" Erza shouted as she hit the Sphere with her fist before falling on her knees sobbing, while Mira was by her side hugging her. "You save all of us numerous of time Natsu you don't have to sacrifice yourself for us. Let's live together and go back home together." She said crying.

"I'm not sacrificing my life for you guys. But lending my life for you guys to live on. I will be the fire to burn the darkness so the light will shine tomorrow." Natsu softly said making everyone look up at him as if he was the same idiot Natsu. "I just don't want to see any more of my comrades' die before my eyes again."

"Then what happen about your dream to meet Igneel. What about meeting your father." Lucy sobbed. "I… I still want to go on more adventures with you, Happy, Erza and Gray and where….where everyone in the guild is happy and having a good time."

"Luce... You will still have those adventures with me and Happy. We won't be there physical but as long we are in your guy's heart we will be there." Natsu said. "It's time for me to go. You must live. For my sake and Happy. Take care of Fairy Tail while we're gone." Natsu said turning around smiling at them, the same soft smile with his eyes close but everyone was shock to see him crying as well. "Let's go Happy."

"Aye sir!" Happy cheer with tears going down his eyes too. Before flying Happy turn back waving at everyone. "Bye, Bye everyone stay safe." He said before picking up Natsu and flew toward Ancologia who was staring at them. Despite the yelling and screaming Natsu and Happy sill continue toward Ancologia not before putting his hand up and his finger up to the stars.

"All right you oversize Lizard! As long I'm still alive and burning you will not hurt my friends!" Natsu shouted pointing a finger at the Dragon. Before his and Happy body engulf in lighting and flames. Showing everyone he's on Lighting Flame Dragon Mode. "Let's go Happy."

"Aye sir!" Flying top speed towards Ancologia head while their body still engulf in lighting and flames.

"
Lighting Flame Dragon Fist!"
Natsu shouted cocking his hand back for a punch at Ancologia only for the Dragon to wipe his tail at Natsu and Happy and making them shoot toward the ground. Before they can crash in the ground, Happy pulled up just in time. "Nice save Happy." He grinned at his blue cat best friend.

"Aye!" Happy said flying back onto the air facing Ancologia again.

"
Lighting flame Dragon's Roar!"
Natsu shouted as a large massive lighting and flame blast toward Ancologia only for him to fly high in the air dodging the roar. The Roar hit a mountain from the distance before it got destroyed. Everyone jaw drop as they saw the outcome from the blast. Looking up to see Ancologia just blast his breath toward Natsu and Happy, before the attack hit, Happy flew out of the way to dodge it. Now they both charge at Ancologia once again and was going for a kick but Natsu got swipe down onto the ground hitting full force making the Dragon Slayer cough up blood and groan. "You bastard!" Natsu shouted at the Dragon before his and everyone eyes widen on Ancologia, to see him about to blast his breath attack on Natsu. But before the attack hit Happy swoop Natsu from Ancologia claw and flew away. "Phew that was a close one buddy." Smiling at the blue talking exceed. Flying in the air where Ancologia is waiting for them as both Natsu and Happy panty really heavily before flying above the Dragon.

"As lighting gathering to my left hand, and as flames gather to my right hand, when you put them together…" Natsu said as a giant flame ball with lighting around it grew bigger and bigger before the ball grew into a giant flames ball bigger than Ancologia
. "Lighting Flame Dragon's Brilliant Flame!"
Natsu shouted and threw the giant ball of flames with sparks on toward Ancologia where it hit the dragon dead on his back and a huge explosion erupted the area before it was in smoke. As Natsu breathe heavily Happy and Natsu flew down only to go wide eyed at giant Dragon fist hit him straight in the face, forcing them to dive across the battlefield where the sphere is. When both crash on the ground Natsu got up and glared at Ancologia only to make his eyes widen by an incoming blast toward him, Happy and everyone else. Thinking fast he took a breath and shouted
"Lighting Flame Dragon's Roar!"
as a beam of flames and sparks shot out of his mouth and collide on time near him but the force was so powerful that Natsu was engulf in the explosion.

"NATSU!" Everyone shouted when they saw him got caught in the explosion as Happy was on the ground few feet from the explosion trying to get up. As everyone watch in horror when the smoke faded they saw Natsu face on the ground lying on his pool of blood. "NATSU!" Everyone shouted in horror as tear and scream was all heard out of the battlefield.

"Get up Natsu, you can't die yet get up... Please." Lucy shouted out to the unconscious Dragon Slayer.

"Get up, you bastard I thought you tougher than this get up, don't make me regret on making you my rival…get up!" Gray shouted as he gritted his teeth and tear running down his cheeks.

"Get up Natsu; you're stronger than this, get up!" Erza said as she looks over the unconscious body.

"Salamander! Get your ass up show him the power that everyone fear, get up." Gajeel called out. As well as everybody else from different guild mages telling him to stand and live. Happy got up and flew toward his bloody best friend.

"Natsu get up…. Don't die on me yet we suppose to die together or live together." Happy said as tear coming down his cheek looking at his partner.

X


Natsu Mindscape


"
It hurts, my body it's hurt, my body won't move." Natsu can't remember what happen all he knew was his body is burning inside. He doesn't get it, he a fire Dragon Slayer and burn shouldn't harm him but it does now.



He could feel liquid under his body and suspect it's his own blood. "Damn it!" He told himself. "Am I going to die here? No I can't die yet my friends are counting on me. But I can't move my body and I have no magic left. Sorry everyone I couldn't protect you". He said as tear falling from his unconscious body.


"
Natsu, why did you let us die?" He heard a voice in his head, he recognized that voice anyway it was Lucy voice. "Why Natsu. Why did you give up on us you said you protect all of us but you got us killed?" She continue as a mentally picture of a bloody Lucy lying on the floor.


"
NO Lucy!" Natsu yelled as she vanishes from his mind. Still staring wide eyes on the same spot he saw a bloody and dead Lucy on the ground.


"
Natsu, why didn't you keep your promise? We trusted you with our hope and future." A voice called out to him only for him to face Erza on the ground blood everywhere burn covering her face but she disappear into the darkness. Natsu cried as he saw two of his friend died before him.


"
DAMN IT, DAMN IT, DAMN IT!" He yelled out. "Why am so weak!" He cried out again tear dropping down his face like waterfall.


"
Natsu. Natsu…Natsu...Natsu. Natsu." he keeps hearing voices that surround him in darkness as all the faces he saw his eyes were widened when he saw all his friends his family lying on the floor dead. He cried when he saw everyone dead.


"
Gray…Mira… Lissana… Elfman… Levy… Gramps… Laxus… Gajeel…everyone." He shouted as he shook his head in rage that he couldn't believe that his family is all dead because he was weak.


"
Natsu…" He heard a voice behind him he turn around to face something that got him crying harder now. It was Happy hanging from a building all bloody and dead. His best friend since childhood the one he raises and played with, his partner, his… friend.



X


Inside Natsu body a chain has been broken filled with enormous magic power that has been stored inside of him. His mind is filled with rage and regrets his mind is commending his body to move his anger grew and grew against one Dragon only Ancologia. The Magic is leaking out of his body he can feel it, his body is regaining strength, this feeling he remember this feeling. The feeling when he ate Etherion the power he gains the strength and the speed. The same power he gains from eating Jellal Flames of Rebuke this power he know too well…. Dragon Force.

X

Outside of Natsu mindscape everyone could feel an enormous magic energy. They look over towards Natsu; they could see both his arms got scales and his forehead to have scales also. Raging Flames flew out of Natsu body straight to the sky making a massive heat wave hit them. Ancologia was looking at the Dragon Slayer body and gave a big Roar.

"The magic energy it's the same when he ate Etherion and when he fought Master Zero. No it's a lot stronger than before." Erza said making everyone turning their attention to her.

"Natsu-san unlocks Dragon Force on his own. His power is greater than mine and Rogue combine" Sting said making everyone eye widen and look back at Natsu only to see his Raging red flames mix with golden flames as well.

Natsu open his eyes only to see himself lying on his own blood he could feel his body growing stronger and lighter. He rose to his knees, his eyes is over shadow by his hair he let out an angry roar that matches a Dragon. He looks over his body to find his body is healing. He got up to see Ancologia glaring down at him with those white eyes, both made eyes contact before Natsu look down at Happy who had tears in his eyes. Then look back to see all his friends are still alive he sighs in relief until he looks down at Happy. "Let's go Happy it's time to fry a Dragon." He said with a smirk while looking down at Happy.

"Aye!" He said wiping his tears and got behind Natsu and picks him up into the air. Flames of emotions engulf both of them as they flew towards Ancologia. As they flew toward the Dragon, Ancologia tails try to wipe them to the ground only for Happy to dodge it and continue to fly toward the Dragon. Natsu cock back his fist and punch the Dragon square in it face making Ancologia stumble back.

"
Fire Dragon's Wing Attack!"
brings both his arms down with flames smacking the Dragons on the face. Not letting him fight back, Natsu already on his next attack, "
Fire Dragon's Crushing Fangs"
swiping a fire Dragon Claw at Ancologia only for him to hit the Dragon stomach. Natsu was about to keep attacking but felt a big force hit him at the side of the head forcing him and Happy to crash onto the ground. Natsu once again cough up blood with bloods dripping down his right eye making him close it only for his left eye visible to see. "You okay Happy?"

"Aye." Happy said in a weak voice as Natsu notice Happy can barely stand with bruise on his tiny body.

"Happy take a rest I got this one." Placing a hand on Happy head while rubbing it.

"No! I can still fight Natsu we're partners we work together." Happy reply back shocking Natsu, who gave him a grinned back.

"Ahh lets go Partner."

"Aye"

Happy got behind Natsu and pick him up as they flew toward Ancologia who roared making everyone cover their ears. Flying towards Ancologia dodging both his tails and claws attack trying to reach his face. "Happy, fly to the top and drop me down on him."

"Aye sir!"

When both flew above Ancologia Happy dropped Natsu to dive toward the Dragon. But Ancologia had his claw ready and was about to punch Natsu, but he dodge that attack and now running as fast as he can only leaving a trail of flames along the Dragon arm only to arrive face to face with the Dragon.
"Dragon's Secret Art Crimson Lotus: Fire Dragon."
Natsu yelled for him to create fiery of flames punches toward at Ancologia. Not giving any rest after the punches,
"Dragon's Secret Art Crimson Lotus: Exploding Flame Blade!"
Swiping his arms around in a circular fashion flames cover Ancologia entire body. But before Natsu can smirk he got punch back again only to be catch by Happy in midair before landing down.

X

"It's unbelievable Natsu actually fighting Ancologia pair to pair and actually winning." Lucy said with a shock expression like everyone else.

"Is this Natsu-san true power?" Sting asked as he admires his idol.

"Natsu.. Just how strong are you." Makarov said with eyes popping out on what he just witness. Everyone look at shock and awe as Natsu was winning against the Dragon King. But Mavis was frowning knowing what going to happen next.

X

"You did it Natsu we won!" Happy shouted in joy that they won.

"No we didn't Happy stay alert." Natsu replied back for happy to focus on the smoke. Then Ancologia flew above the smoke and gave out a large roar of frustration and rage. Gathering a large amount of magic Natsu knew what's going to happen. "Happy, go back to the other it's going to end here, Happy you shouldn't die here." Natsu said looking at Happy but was surprise when Happy smack him with his little paws tickling him rather than hurting him.

"Natsu… I told I made up my made I'm stick with you all the way through." Happy replied with a smile on his face. Natsu saw how loyal happy is and tears falling down his eyes and he lean toward his shoulder and place his forehead on Happy forehead.

"Yeah, we will be together little buddy… till the end"

"Aye"

Turning back to his friends he smile and tear still falling from his eyes. "Guess like this is it… Live to the fullest for me and Happy too!"

"Wait, Natsu you don't mean that you're going to….. Die?" Lucy ask tear about to start. Everyone asking him to stop and he told him he done enough.

"For the light to shine tomorrow I must get rid of the darkness. Thank you for giving me friends and place to call home, but more importantly... Thank you for being my family!" Despite the yelling and crying he still walk ahead to prepare for Ancologia roar but kept his hand in the air putting up the Fairy Tail sign for everyone to see. Now he face to face with Ancologia on the finally attack that would determined the future of the world. If Natsu looked back of him to see his family and friends he would see everyone raising they hand to do the same sign.

"Ready Happy?"

"Aye Sir"

"Hahaha thank you for being the best partner ever Happy."

"Aye! Will we see each other again Natsu?" Happy ask with his head titled to the side.

"Ah we will see each other again." Natsu smile back at Happy who return the smile.

When they look back at Ancologia who let out a massive Breath attack 2 times the size of a regular roar toward Natsu and Happy. Getting into his stance with Happy behind his back. He engulfs his body in golden flames,
"Hidden Fire Form – Crimson Lotus: Phoenix Blade."
Natsu yelled out as Happy fly straight at the breath attack making everyone gasp but was shocking on seeing this. Both Natsu and Happy flew straight through the roar only for their flames burn off the breath and now they are heading straight for Ancologia face. For one finally push Happy Double Max Speed going fast toward Ancologia only for the flame to increases and then collide on Ancologia cause a big explosion across the capital and into the city as magic pressure is to high making everyone fall on the trembled sound. Only to been by miles away a gigantic Fire erupted told the sky before it died out and rain started to fall down.

Burn woods, rubbles everywhere when the smoke died down everyone eye widened and tears falling from them. In the middle of the battle that took place there was a enormous hole at least 50 foot deep into the ground but what surprise everyone most is that no one can find Happy and Natsu or even Ancologia.

"NATSU!" Everyone shouted knowing their friends died during the battle.


Hope you guys like my first fanfiction! IT was fun writing this chapter, I had to make it sound like Natsu and Happy facing something this dangerous for their friends and I had to make the battle kinda believable. Can't make a god like Natsu in every fight now can I ;) well not until he face Raiser then he would not even have to try to get serious against him. Lol



This story I'm going to mix it up a little. I'm going to have Natsu get adopt in to the Gremory family thanks to Sirzechs as seeing Natsu as a younger brother with the same laid back personality, and I fun personality too. Both Lord Gremory and Lady Gremory will except him as and Happy cause Lady Gremory will thin Happy is too cute and she found Natsu interesting after telling her and everyone his story on protecting his friends from death. Lord Gremory would accept because he see Natsu as a natural Gremory that don't discriminate anyone lower than them. He's also see Natsu a interesting person with his magic to kill Dragons.



Natsu harem-



Grayfia



Raynare



Akeno



Maybe someone else in the future. You guys could give me some names that would be perfect in the harem and I might make it happen.



Why Grayfia is in the harem because she beautiful and strict that show no emotion beside being serious but when she with Natsu she going to show a lot of emotion especially annoyed in the first few chapter. Sirzechs will play match-maker to bring his childhood friend and new younger brother together.



For Raynare, Natsu will see the good in her and she will open up to Natsu. But she won't fall for him just yet not until he save her.



Akeno, well she cute as hell



Rais will not be in the Harem because she will be Natsu younger sister in the story where they will have a sibling fight and getting to know each other for Natsu to stand up for her against Raiser.



Isse Hyoudou will still have his harem member like Rais and Asia etc but he kinda nervous around Natsu for him to be one of Rais older brother.



Natsu will start off being Sirzech pawn until Natsu get used and agree on getting his own peerage.



Natsu power will still grow and he will still get powerful but his current power to compare to everyone else is near the Satan level under Sirzech and on the same match of Grayfia with his Lighting Flame Mode and Flame of Rebuke, others his Dragon god Slayer magic. He won't use Dragon Force for a while be he will be training to get a better grasp at it for the future in the story.



Maybe later in the story he might become a Satan if he accept it.



Natsu will be smart in this story also he will still be dense and reckless sometime and a idiot and fun. He will act serious a lot and he will act proper sometime lol.



PLEASE leave me some review on any idea you have and give feedback on the story. Thank you and hope you keep reading .



PS I WILL RENAME THIS STORY NATSU THE GREMONY DRAGON SLAYER


>