

It was early in the morning, about 3 hours past midnight. N was woken up by a nightmare, he hadn't had one since he was a child. The young trainer tried to go back to sleep but he didn't want to have that same nightmare again. Not being able to sleep, the young man decided to just lay down and maybe the sleep would get him, but it was not sun started to shine and N picked up all his belongings and headed south towards Castelia city, although he was tired he knew he would have to continue this journey.

Nimbasa city, a beautiful metropolis with many citizens walking around. The young man tried hard to avoid them, deep down inside of him he considered himself a freak. After he was beaten by Touko and Touya he decided to travel around Unova, trying to answer now own question.

"Where? I just want to know where do I belong, or am I just someone who should be ignored or pushed aside" thinking harshly of himself most of the time, since he found out that Ghetsis was only using him N thought he didn't belong anywhere. After an hour of walking around Nimbasa he noticed something that caught now eye, the ferris wheel. He could remember back when he rode it, it bought peace to the young man, as he walked towards it he remembered that he needed someone to ride it with. Instead N sat down on a bench and stared at the Ferris wheel would he ever get to ride it again, this he thought about for quite some time.

Boredom hit, sitting around doing nothing but staring at a moving contraption wasn't the most exciting thing. N decided to start leaving, he heard many people talking. Some were talking about him,

"Mommy look! She has green hair, can I get green hair? Can I can I please?" A little girl, she refered to him as a female. N wanted to correct her but as he turned he saw her mother take her away,

"Of course not young lady! He's just a freak, don't hang around strangers honey. They-" The mother had walked too fdar for N to hear, but one thing stuck to him,

"He's just a freak" What she had said, he had aready heard it too many times. The young man was starting to believe it, after a few minutes of walking around he was finally at the exit from Nimbasa. Was he really going to let those rude comments get to him or was he going to ignore them and move on with life, these were some of now thoughts as he walked south past that entrance.

>