


I reverse the ages of the batfamily. I own nothing, there may be a few OC's here and there. I want Dick to be five, cause I want him to be.



Terry: 13



Damian: 12



Tim: 9



Jason: 8



Dick: 5


Bruce Wayne sits in his office, looking through paperwork from Wayne Industries but he's interrupted by the sound of feet. He's greeted at the sight of his four boys in front of his desk.

"Father, can we ask you something?" asked Damian.

"What is it son?"

"Well it's been quiet in Gotham," said Tim.

"Yes, it has," said Bruce knowing that he's talking about Batman business.

"Alfred said we should spend more time together," said Terry.

"Boys, will you please get to the point."

"Can we go to the circus?" asked Jason.

"Circus?"

"Yeah, a place to laugh and be happy."

"I know what a circus is Jason. I'm just wondering why do you want to go to the circus?"

"It's Haly's Circus," said Tim. "It's the greatest show on earth."

"Can we go?" they all asked at the same time.

Bruce sighs, "When is it?"

"Tonight," said Terry.

"Alright we'll go."

The Wayne boys high five each other and ran upstairs. Bruce chuckle in amusement at his sons' reaction, he went back to desk and finish the paperwork.


"Mami! Tati!Uita-te la asta!" yelled a small boy with a messy mop of dark raven hair.
(Mommy! Daddy! Watch this!)


The boy does a three cartwheels in a row than lands in a handstand with one arm sticking out. The little boy got back to his feet and runs to a man with dark black hair and woman with red hair.

"M-ai vazut? Ai vazut ce am facut?" he asked rapidly jumping up and down.
(Did you see me? Did you see what I did?)


"Yes Dickie, we saw," said the man.

"Ti-a placut?"

"Richard remember to speak english," said the woman.

"Ok mommy, so did you like it?"

"Yes Dickie, we like," said the man as pick up his son and threw him up in the air, making his child laugh.

"Careful John," said the concern mother.

"Don't worry Mary, I won't let anything bad happen to our little Dickie." John looks at Dick who's still laughing. "Except from one thing."

"What's that tati?" asked Dick stop laughing and looks at his father confuse.

"The tickle monster!"

John puts his son on the ground and tickles his sides. Dick laughs and tries to get out of his father's grip, but fails.

"Ta..Tati! St..st..stop!..It..tick..tick..It tickles," he said in between laughs.

"Never!"

"Ma..Ma..Mami! Hel..Help m..m..me!"

Mary smiles and watch her husband and son, but when she hears her child cry for help; mother mode kicks in. She grabs Dick by his armpits and pulls him out of John's grip. Richard put his arms around his Mary's neck and hid his head in her chest so he won't get tickle again.

"No tickle monster messes with my little bird," said Mary as she holds her son closer.

"You win," said John as he gets up. "Come on sweetie let's go to our trailer before the show."

"Ok and don't worry baby, the tickle monster won't get you."

"Yay! Thank you mami!" said Dick as he hugs his mother.

"Your welcome micuta pasari."
(little bird)



Bruce is following and keeping an eye on his boys; they arrive at the circus and are trying to find their seats. He's surprise his boys are behaving, they finally found their seats and wait patiently for the show to begin.

"Ready to go Dickie?" asked Mary as she fix her husband's costume.

Richard comes out in a red and green costume, it has a black circle with a yellow 'R' on his chest. "Mami, what's the R for?"

Mary crouch down to his level, "Cause when you're on the trapeze you remind me of a little robin flying."

"You ready son?" asked John.

"Yes!"

"Then let's go."

Dick grabs his mommy's and daddy's hand and they walk to the ring, meanwhile Jason gets inpatient.

"Is it about to start?" he asked.

"I don't know Jason," said Bruce.

"It needs to hurry up."

"Patient is a virtue brother," said Terry.

"Shut up McGinnis."

"Jason," Bruce gives him a warning.

"Ladies and Gentlemen! Welcome to Haly's circus!" yelled the ringmaster. "For our first act, we've the one and only The Flying Graysons!"

The light shine on poles, where a man and woman stood and wave to the crowd. The woman grabs the trapeze bar and swings off the platform; she does a few swings than lets go. Catching herself with another trapeze bar, the man swings himself to where his legs are holding him. The woman lets go of the bar, does a flip and grabs his hands. They did a few tricks before they got back on the platform and the crowd went wild.

"Ladies and Gentlemen! If think that's amazing! You should see our youngest circus performer! He's the son of John and Mary Grayson, give an applause to Richard Grayson." The light shines on a little boy, who smiles and waves to the crowd. "Little Richard is only five years old, but is a gifted trapeze artist."

Bruce stares at the young boy and thought, 'Only five years old.'

Dick Grayson is ready as his parents swing towards him, he hears a snap. He looks up and sees the wire break.

"Mami! Tati! Da-te jos! Firele!" the little fire year old yelled.

But Mary and John begin to fall, Mary yelled her son's name. John and Mary continues to fall till crack; everybody in the audience scream bloody murder while Richard came down and run to his parents. Bruce look at his boys and see fear in their eyes, but his heart break as he sees the boy trying to wake up his parents. He shakes his parents' bodies seeing if they'll open their eyes, but nothing. The boy clings to their deform bodies getting blood on himself than the paramedics and police arrive. Bruce feels his boys getting closer to him trying to not look at what happened. He watch as a police officer pulls young Richard away from his parents, but he fights back. It took three officers to finally get the five year old away, but he cries his little eyes out and scream for his parents.

"What's going to happen to him?" asked Damien.

"I don't know," said Bruce.

"Do you think he has family?" asked Tim.

"Let's hope so."

"I feel like we failed," said Terry.

"Cause we just sit here and watch a kid lose his parents. No kid should go through that," said Jason.

"You're right Jason, let's go home," said Bruce.

"What about Richard?" asked Tim.

"I'll make a phone call tomorrow and see what'll happen to him."

"Ok," they all said.

As they walk to the care, Bruce caught a glimpse of the young Grayson. He's clinging to the ringmaster and the tears continue to fall. Bruce's heart ache in guilt and sadness for the boy.

>