

"Dick? Dick? Come out wherever you are?" Jason said as he open the closet and peek inside.

"What are you doing Jay?" asked Terry.

"Trying to find Dick."

"Hide and seek?" Damian asked but knew the answer. Jason nods his head 'yes.' He chuckles and said, "Haven't you forgotten last time we played hide and seek with Richard."

"Yeah and he was in the kitchen eating Alfred's cookies," added Tim.

"I know! Dickie just gave me those puppy eyes and as much I hate to admit it, his eyes are my weakness."

"It's not just you Jay, remember he used the puppy eyes against Bruce," Terry said.

"I still can't get over the fact that Dick got Bruce to train him," said Damian.

"It's crazy."

"Stop talking! And help me look!" Jason growls.

"Alright Jay, we'll help you," said Tim.


Two hours later


"That kid can hide," said Damian as he rub the back of his neck.

"We looked everywhere," said Tim.

"What if…" Terry ponders.

"Spit it out McGinnis?" Jason growled.

"I was thinking maybe he could be in the Batcave."

"It's worth a try," said Damian.

As they walk down the stairs of the Batcave, then they hear a noise. It sounds like a sniffle. They run down the remaining stairs and found Dick hugging his knees and rocking back and forth. Tim sits on the ground and place Dick on his lap.

"What's wrong Dickie?" he asked in a gentle voice.

Dick lifts his head and wipe his tears away. He begins to talk with a crack voice, "I was hiding but I fell asleep and..and…"

They knew he had a nightmare, but he couldn't finish the sentence. Tim holds him close and rocks him.

"Where's Bruce?" he sobbed and looks up at them with his watery blue eyes.

Usually Bruce handles the nightmares but he's in a business meeting (Justice League) and Alfred is at the store. Damian, Terry, and Jason joins the hug, that's what Bruce did with them when they had nightmares.

"Hey Dickie what's this?" Damian asked as he pick up a piece of paper.

Dick wipes away the final tears and grabs the paper. "That's my superhero costume."

The paper shows a person-Dick- standing tall and strong in black pants, a red vest with black sleeves, combat boots, a yellow utility belt, a black cape with a yellow underbelly, and a domino mask. They couldn't believe the detail on the suit, finally they notice a black circle with a yellow R on the left side of the chest.

"What does the R mean?" Terry asked.

"It means Robin, silly," Dick said in his cheerful happy voice with his adorable smile.

"You're superhero name is Robin?" Jason asked to double-check to see he heard him right.

"Yes."

"Why Robin?" Tim asked.

"When I'm on the trapeze, my mommy told me that I fly like a robin." Richard said trying not to cry. "I want to be Robin so my mommy and daddy will be proud of me."

"Dickie, your parents will always be proud of you," Damian said surprising everyone.

Dick gets up from Tim's lap and hugs Damian. They couldn't help but smile at the sight and chuckle at Damian, because he never gets or gives hugs.

"Hey Dickie, want to go upstairs and watch a movie?" Jason asked.

"Can we watch Toy Story?"

They all knew it wasn't a question, because little Richard Grayson's eyes are sparkling. How can you say no to that kid? No one knows, not even Batman.

"Sure kid," said Terry.

"Yay! Damian can you carry me?" Dick asked as he cock his head to the side.

Damian tries his best not to show a reaction at how adorable he is. "Alright Dickie."

Dick cheers in success and buries his head in Damian's chest. Damian gives his brothers a glare to make them stop laughing and getting any ideas.


Bruce comes home from his 'meeting' and quickly changes so he can see his boys. As he enter the manor, he hears the television in the living room. He enters and smiles at the sight: Damian is holding Dick with Jason laying on his shoulder and Tim on the other, Terry leans on Jason. What made the sight more adorable is that they're all sleeping peacefully. An evil grin appear on his face as he took out his phone and took picture, he'll print them later. Bruce puts blankets on them so they won't get cold than he finds a piece of paper. A smile appears on his face as he admires Dick's art work and ponders at what the R stands for.

"Bruce?"

Bruce escape his thoughts and looks at his boys to see Dick awake. "Did I wake you Dickie?"

"No," he said as he gives a small yawn and rubs his eye. Than he reaches his arms out to Bruce, making grabbing motions with his arms. Bruce picks him up and quietly leaves the room so they can sleep more. "Did you like it?"

"You're suit?" Dick nods his head eagerly, Bruce couldn't help but smile. "Yes, it's a great suit but what does the R stand for?"

"Robin."

"Robin," Bruce repeats and listen as Dick tells him the reason he choose that name. "Robin, is perfect."

"Thanks daddy."

Bruce's eyes widen and in a shaky voice he said, "Dickie, did you just called me daddy?"

"Yeah," Dick said then his eyes begin to tear up. "Was I suppose too? I'm sorry."

"Shh Dickie, it's ok. You just surprise me."

"Is it ok if I call you daddy?"

"If that's what you want, I'm honored to be called that." Richard smiles and gives Bruce a big hug, than they hear the others freaking out. "Looks like they woke and think you disappear."

Dick giggles causing Bruce's heart to melt. In his mind the word 'daddy' keeps bouncing around, he couldn't believe this little boy can make him smile so much.


So sorry for the delay, anyways I need to asked you all a question about the next chapter. Should it be Robin's first night out on patrol, one of Bruce's parties, or something cute happening in the Batfamily. Please review. Thank you for being patient with me :)


>