


Chapter three


The KG, despite the tight press of his lips and the tense look in his eye, silently started forwards, raising his gun to aim it at Jak's back.

But in that moment as Erol focused so hard on what was about to happen, his fingers slipped and Daxter's mouth was freed.

Daxter tossed everything about his own safety to the wind. If they caught Jak now, it was all over.

"Look out!" he screamed.

Erol smacked him so hard that it was pure wonder that nothing broke inside the small body.

Too late.

Jak spun over, slipped and winced, but threw himself down out of sight.

"I'm going to chop your tail off inch by inch," Erol snarled, shaking Daxter. "And he's going to watch."

"You gotta catch him first," Daxter winced back.

"He can't get far." Erol holstered his gun and took an alarming grip of his small prisoner's arm. "Let's see how long he can sit there and listen to you scream."

"Hey–– hey, that's cheating, cheating––!"

They had never talked about what to do if something like this ever happened. Perhaps the mere idea was too much to handle. Now it was very real, however, and Daxter wished that they had agreed on some kind of plan just in case. Because he knew, as the pressure of Erol's fingertips bore into his thin arm, that if Jak heard his best friend shrieking in agony, he would not be able to resist.


Don't scream don't draw him out don't don't don't let them take him


He could feel the first crunch coming, his world turning blood red with pain. And he knew he could not stay silent.

There was a sudden hiss from the other side of the hill and a stinger leaped into the air, diving down the hole.

"Damn it," Erol said at the sound of Jak's half-muffled shout. His hand fell away from Daxter's arm.

In retrospect, Daxter wondered how many times Erol actually had to be wrong to realize that he ought to stop underestimating Jak. The Commander actually looked taken aback when Jak's arm swung up into sight, holding the stinger by the tail. Not half as taken aback as he was a moment later, though, nor as much as the stinger that was flung through the air down the hill, nor the KG as the stinger bounced on the ground and, in a blind range, launched itself at his face.

Erol fired a couple of shots, but before he could kill the stinger it had shoved its long tail claw through the underside of the KG's chin. The soldier made a gurgling sound, then went limp.

The third shot hit and the stinger tumbled aside, dark eco oozing out of its punctured head. Erol recoiled from the vile substance, only to freeze in mid-step at the sound of a click from above.

Jak had crawled onto the top of the hole, aiming his morph gun right at the Commander. However Erol and Daxter both looked up just in time to see the hateful rage freeze in shock, as Jak saw the ottsel.

"Shoot him, Jak!" Daxter hollered, knowing
he
trusted his friend's aim completely.

He had hardly managed to finish that short line before Erol's hand came up, roughly pressing a finger against the small, brittle jugular. Daxter could not withhold a desperate noise.

"No––!" Jak snarled, tightening his grip of his morph gun. Unfortunately he had never, ever been able to keep his real emotions from showing all over his face. As if him hesitating wasn't obvious enough.

"Oh
really
, now?" Erol breathed, the pleased, intrigued tone making Daxter pinch his eyes shut so hard it hurt.

"Jak–– Jak, c'mon, don't be stupid––!" Daxter wheezed, squirming. But when he heard the soft clatter of the morph gun touching the concrete, he slumped.

He didn't want to know, but he had to look. Jak sat up there, shoulder's hunched and tip of the morph gun limply resting against the edge of the hole. He didn't trust his aim enough to risk it. Not when he might very well kill Daxter by accident.

"You keep this brat around Torn? How is he not skinned alive?" Erol said, as if talking about the weather. Disgustingly good weather. He tilted his head, a smirk spreading over his lips. "Because you'd never let anybody hurt him?"

Jak looked away, jaw set in stone.

A clattering sound from the other side of the debris mountain made him start and half-turn his head, and Erol tensed, shifting backwards. There was another, and another, and yet more, followed by sharp sniffs and hisses. Not too close yet, but not too far away either.

Erol removed the pressure from Daxter's throat, making a beckoning motion.

"You might want to come down here."

As disgusting as obeying a suggestion from Erol must be to him, Jak grit his teeth and folded the morph gun to hang it on his back. Clambering out of the hole, he tore up a broken pipe of his own to support himself down the uneven slope.

By the look of how he moved, he could support himself a little bit on his bad leg, and Daxter's frantic stare caught no sight of blood apart from a few scratches on Jak's hands and face. Daxter's heart still dropped like lead looking at him. There was no way that Jak could hold himself up on the pipe and fire the morph gun at the same time, he needed both his hands for that.

Erol walked backwards, keeping his gun aimed at Jak as he led the way through the broken building, around to where there were pieces of chest high wall remains. It was a bit more open, and might give them a better defense point than one where metal heads might crawl through the debris or jump down from the roof. They both kept glancing towards the debris.

And then there were several splashes heard from the other direction, some lighter than others. Waves shivered through the mud as serpentine bodies and heavy, clawed paws dove into the muck.

From the sound of it, there were more stingers than grunts coming from that direction. Jak unfolded the morph gun, taking an unsteady steady grip of it as he still supported himself on the pipe. He and Erol exchanged less than thrilled glances as they both had to concluded that they would have to stand back to back to hope making a defense.

There was a harsh, scraping sound of claws over concrete. Hulking shadows clambered over the wreckage, drool dripping into the dust and mud from their sharp fangs. Grunting, Erol cocked his gun.

"If we survive," he said, "I'm still going to shoot you."

"Likewise," Jak growled, trying to find some purchase in the slippery ground. With clenched teeth he turned towards the wreckage and sunk down on his knees, putting himself in a much more dangerous position in relation to Erol. But there was no choice if he was to be able to fire his gun.

"I've got my eye on you, kid," Erol said, half turning so that he could see Jak's movements from the corner of his vision even as he aimed for the metal heads coming from the other direction. When Erol changed his stance like that, Jak was completely obscured from Daxter's view. "Don't try anything funny, because I can smash your rat's head like an egg."

Jak had nothing to say about that. The fact that Daxter didn't, either, must have made it even worse for him, as well.

And then the metal heads charged.

All Daxter could know of how Jak did was the sound of his gun and the shrieks of the monsters, and occasional satisfying sound of skull gems coming lose. For everything else, all he could see was Erol's display of – usefully so now, but also disturbingly – good aiming skills. He wasted the occasional shot, but almost all of them struck enough to wound if not outright kill, taking down the couple of grunts in between taking turns at the slithering stingers, most of them before they could get within attacking range.

But there were so many of them.

One stinger got too close and Erol jerked back, loosing his footing. He managed to shoot the snake-like beast down as it leapt at him, but in his fall bumped into Jak. The two of them exchanged a murderous glare before Erol dragged himself back up.

Later on, though, Daxter realized that Erol might have meant to do that, planning one possibility further than most.

One by one the hisses and shrieks were silenced by bullets, Erol taking down the last stinger with two well placed shots. Daxter had little concern for that, listening with a mix of hope and fear for the almost completely wiped out stomps and snarls of the grunts coming from Jak's direction.

The last one broke through the gunfire.

Daxter heard Jak swear and the click of the morph gun, almost muted by the hard, heavy splash of something very big coming at them very fast, but he could not see a thing until Erol turned. A metal head grunt crashed down, and Jak's back hit the mud with a thick splat and a choked cry. The grunt was over him, knocking the morph gun out of his unbalanced grip as it bore down on him.

Jak changed, blue eyes turning pitch black as horns sprouted from his head and sharp claws pushed his grappling fingers out of the mud – but the transformation halted half-way and faded away, Jak sinking deeper into the soft earth with an exhausted groan.

He had the eco, but his body could not handle another change into Dark so soon.

All this happened during a couple of seconds. Then Erol put his gun to the side of the distracted grunt's head, and fired several times. The huge beast fell to the side, its skull gem coming loose with a dry pop. The dark eco seeping out of its wound slithered through the muck like snakes, drawn into Jak's body as he heavily rolled over and pushed himself up, clutching his head with one hand and smearing even more dirty slime into his hair. He was covered with mud almost from head to toe at that point, anyway, making quite a sorry sight. Even the purple lightning sparkling from where he absorbed the dark eco seemed tired and fragile.

Silence. No more hissing, no more scraping.

"Going soft, boy?" Erol asked, a smirk breaking through.

Daxter wished he could have jumped up and clawed the bastard's eyes out.

With a growl Jak pulled himself together and reached down into the mud to pull out the pipe and the morph gun. The look of his dripping weapon gave all three of them a pause as the realization struck, however.

Gingerly, with a look that said he really, really did not want to know, Jak gripped the morph gun properly and pulled the trigger. There was a wheezing sound. He shook it to try to get the worst sludge out, and pushed the button to change the settings. It folded and unfolded, but as he tried to fire it again the results were the same.

"Oooh, crap," Daxter said, wincing.

For just one second, the two men and the ottsel were in complete agreement. Although, thinking a little further, the problem was a bit less acute for Erol. That was an unpleasant insight.

"Eh, if I may suggest a wise course of action," Daxter said, "seeing as your peashooter just won't do for another big wave, Gingerbread, maybe we should try to get to the city entrance?"

Erol glanced at his gun and at the pile of rubble, obviously thinking about the reinforcements that should arrive soon. But if that would be before more metal heads showed up, he could not be certain.

And despite all that, the smug bastard still had reason to stretch his lips in a smirk as he looked at Jak's tense face. Erol nodded and gestured with his pipe in the direction of the city gate, turning the gun at the renegade's chest.

"After you."

Gritting his teeth so hard it was audible Jak raised his hand on the pipe and the one holding the gun in a gesture of surrender.

And then he threw the morph gun in Erol's face.

There were so many things that could have gone wrong with that move, but it was a desperate action by a desperate man. He didn't have time to think it over.

Erol staggered back, firing a blind shot that missed by a mile as Jak stumbled forwards. There was no grace to the fight, both of them unable to stand straight and Erol dazed, blood streaming from his nose. He weakly clawed for Jak, hand uselessly slipping – and Jak ignored it, drawing his free hand back to punch Erol. As unbalanced as he was there wasn't as much satisfying force behind it as it ought to have been, but it did the trick.

The pipe slid out of Erol's nerveless fingers and he splashed into the mud on his back.

Daxter grinned so hard with relief that his face almost split as Jak snatched him out of the sling and set him in the crook of his arm, just long enough for the renegade to grab the folded morph gun and hang it on his back. That done Jak took a gentle grip of Daxter with his free, muddy hand and made it over to a rock, sitting down on it so that he could see Erol from the corner of his eye.

"You know," Daxter said, struggling to not let his voice choke up with relief, "as unmanly as it is I could use a hug. Or an adult."

A strange sound rose from Jak's throat and he clutched Daxter gently, brushing his rough cheek against the ottsel's fuzzy forehead. It was brief, he quickly put Daxter down on his lap, hardly knowing where to start – fumbling with the makeshift ropes, rubbing the small, stiff shoulders to ease the pain.

He managed to get the knots loose after a minute, and Daxter immediately, if clumsily from numbed limbs, scurried up to cling around Jak's neck. Jak's big hand pressed against the thin, furry back, holding him up. That he got mud into his fur all over again didn't bother the ottsel in the slightest.

"Gods, I feel violated!" Daxter grumbled, trying to bury himself in Jak's scarf. "Let's get out of here and have a shower."

Grunting in agreement Jak got up, snatching his metal pipe from the ground.

The buzz of engines, far too familiar, made both of them look up. Four bright red air trains soared above the city wall and towards the rubble, but the standing buildings in between kept the Demolition Duo and the fallen Commander out of sight.

"Ew, let's leg it before the vultures get here!" Daxter said, swinging himself onto Jak's shoulder.

This time, Jak had no bright ideas about spying. He started towards the city wall, when the slurp of somebody moving in the mud reached their ears.

Jak did not bother to look, he just dove behind a piece of wall. A shot splattered into the sludge where his feet had been a second before.

"Oh great, it's alive!" Daxter groaned. Well, they were out of the line of fire and it should be possible to go safely from this piece of wall over to the next building, Erol couldn't move that quickly either…

Jak seemed to have the same idea as he started creeping forwards towards an area between the leaning walls, where he would have more space to set down and maneuver the jet board without risking sliding into the line of fire. It would be tricky with a wounded leg but shouldn't be impossible.

"You could spare us all some trouble and just let me shoot you in the other leg, eco freak," Erol said, sounding eerily smug despite the nasal way of speaking due to his possibly broken nose.

"Yeah, I think we'll politely decline the offer," Daxter shouted back. "No space left in our schedules for that kind of business!"

"There's nowhere for you to go, Jak," Erol said.

Jak just kept moving, but Daxter, of course, could not leave it.

"Apart from the whole city?" he called. "Works for me!"

"You need a gate pass to get back in."

Jak petrified in mid-step. Daxter's breath stuck in his throat. With an ice cold realization rising in his eyes, Jak fumbled his fingers over the pocket where the very important card
should
have been. Daxter leapt down on the ground and peeked through a crack in the wall.

Erol sat on a rock, his uniform smeared with mud, and blood all over his upper lip, but with a disgustingly pleased grin as he held his gun aimed in their direction. In his other hand, between his pointing and middle finger, he held the gate pass Torn had given Jak all those weeks ago.

"What can I say, you pick up a lot of skills growing up in Haven," he said and twirled the key to freedom. "Like pick pocketing."

Ears drooping, Daxter looked around at Jak. The first shock had settled, though, and a look of grim determination set in. He was not giving up.

Jak hunched down, watching Daxter as he pointed towards the crack in the wall with a question in his eyes. Daxter cocked his right hand like a gun and waved the other, showing how Erol was sitting and holding the gate pass.

The air trains were converging on the rubble. It would be mere seconds until the KGs would rush out, and there were more than enough of them to deal with roving bands of metal heads this time. All Erol had to do was shout and they would come thundering over, fully equipped and ready to take down a disarmed, wounded renegade. They'd be there in a minute, tops.

"Are you ready to give up?" Erol asked, the lack of impatience in his voice quite disturbing. This was bad. Real bad.

The two friends watched each other for another second. Daxter drew a wide, horizontal arch with his hand, and Jak nodded. And just like that they had a plan. Shoddy, but still their only chance.

"Promise you'll run if it doesn't work?" Daxter whispered with a sad smile.

Jak patted the folded jet board at his back. He couldn't have used it before when Erol had Daxter as a hostage, of course, but now…

… now he
still
would not use it if Daxter wasn't with him. He couldn't lie with his eyes.

"Baby, you're too damn high-maintenance," Daxter whispered with a sigh. He raised his tiny fist.

The corner of Jak's lips rose in a grim non-smile, and he touched his knuckles to Daxter's. Courage batteries thus charged, the ottsel squared his shoulders.

"Jak–– no! Jak, sit! Bad Jak!" he complained, on the last word darting away along the wall, away from the end where they had ducked into cover.

"Get out of here!" Jak growled and stood up as straight as his bad ankle allowed. "Go!"

KGs started pouring out of the air trains over on the fallen building, their shouts alarmingly clear and too near as they began searching for survivors.

"Are you sure you want to lose the rat?" Erol said from the other side of the soon to be useless wall defense. He took on that smooth tone again, making Jak grit his teeth. "It seems you're a lot more pliant when that annoying thing is involved. It might be possible to talk the Baron out of giving you a public execution if he thinks you can be made useful."

"But a private one?" Jak grunted. Keep him talking, keep him talking…

"Well, think of the people," Erol said. "It would be such a blow to their poor, abused hearts to watch their eco freak 'hero' die right in front of their eyes."

Jak debated accusing Erol of being worried that he'd lose in the racing championship – that would certainly get and hold his attention, but Jak could also picture Erol crushing the gate pass in a fit of rage. Better think of something else.

"Heh," he grunted, putting all bitterness he could into his voice to mask his tension. Daxter had always told Jak that he couldn't act his way out of a milk bottle, and that was probably true. But he had to put up a show now to keep Erol distracted. "Even if this is it, never thought I'd hear you call me 'useful.'"

Erol scoffed.

"You did do a number on my men's morale in the water slums," he admitted. "And for their sake, a private execution could be in order. Just me, you, the Baron and the army…"

And that was when Daxter leaped up behind Erol, grabbed his ear and chomped down so hard on the lobe that a few of his teeth clacked together. With a howl of pain Erol shot up, clawing for the furious ottsel. He lost his grip of the gate pass.

Over on the rubble, somebody shouted their recognition of the Commander's voice.

Erol's bad leg gave away but he still tried to grab Daxter as he tumbled. However Daxter was already swinging away, bounded off from Erol's shoulder and snatched the gate pass right out of the air. He landed in the mud and struggled forwards.

Swearing, Erol took aim at the ottsel, only to flinch away as Jak's metal pipe sailed towards him. It splashed harmlessly into the soft ground just before the Commander's head, but the divertion gave Daxter the extra couple of seconds he needed. Jak reached around the wall and grabbed his friend's tiny, outstretched hand, pulling him to safety.

Heavy, armored feet rumbled and splashed towards them, picking up the pace as Erol hoarsely shouted orders for them to hurry up, catch the renegade.

Cradling Daxter to his chest Jak ripped the jet board onto the ground and fell to his knees onto it. It zoomed off in a clumsy arch as he tipped his weight, struggling to steer it while unable to stand. His pants and boots were so slippery that he had to hold on to the edge of it to not slip off.

Clumsy or not he managed to avoid hitting the building walls and the Demolition Duo zoomed out of harms' way just as the first shots went off.

"I would love to read your reports on this one, sunshine!" Daxter whooped over Jak's shoulder.

Behind them Erol snarled commands to send every guard in the city towards the exit to Dead Town. But it was already too late. Jak swerved around the buildings to the gate, and only a few impatient seconds more kept him and Daxter stuck outside, then they could jet it towards safety – unsteadily and making quite a sight, but with the KG scrambling to follow their enraged Commanders orders the road was more clear than usual.

As soon as they reached the Underground HQ Jak would tumble down the stair with Daxter bouncing beside him, and Torn would demand a report before letting them clean up, and then he would yell at them for not figuring out what Erol and the lost squad of KGs had wanted out there.

But that wouldn't matter one bit, because the two of them had made it out alive and together.


The End.


>