

Gregale is hell on Remnant. I had barely eaten most of the week, I had been ridiculed by peers and staff, and on the brink of a breaking point.

Two months ago, I thought I'd be able to make a legacy for myself at this place. A way for me to get my name out as one of the first of many achievers to be a part of Bleary Academy's early legacy. Now, I'll admit, I screwed up a bit in that time. However, that doesn't mean I deserve this from the staff nor from the other students.

I get a kitchen blown up on accident once, and now I can't eat?

Sure, I can see why they'd be upset. Celene Seeds decided to sneak into the kitchen, had dust on her hands from some earlier field work, and then it ignited from the heat and blew up some appliances. Some of the staff got injured in the incident. Is telling the rest of the cooking staff to refuse TRGC food for a few week necessary?

Whatever, people make rash decisions when they're heated. Just like I decided I wasn't full enough and needed more food. My stock of snacks in my room had run dry relatively quick, and my other teammates, Gwen and Trilby, only spared me a little of theirs.

I still had a slab of meat that only needed a little fire to get cooked. Didn't know how to make a fire, but I could improvise...with dust. Shake a bit for a small fire, then I'd be able to throw a few sticks on it to make it grow.

So that's what I did, set up some rocks and sticks into a makeshift spit and called it a day. I took out the vial of red dust and popped open the top. My hands shook as I tilted the glass container into the pit of sticks.


Just a sprinkle of it is all I needed
.

And as soon as the red powder hit the bundle of twigs the embers came. Then it flared into a tiny fire that later grew in size over time. Enough for the flames to come up to about a third of the pit I'd created.

I could felt a faint warmth from the fire, would this even be enough to cook? The makeshift spit couldn't even rotate the meat. Dammit, why did I even bother?

I should've just given Gwen a bigger cut of the allowance my mom sent me in return for more of her snacks. This punishment only wasn't going to last any longer anyway. At least it was better than having to run around a forest looking for items with just a list plus vague directions on where each were.

Whoever designed the entrance exam for this place needed to get swallowed by a nevermore.

I rose from the ground, placing the dust near the pit, and brushed off my olive green cargo pants. Then I straightened my teal fleece jacket. The sound of footsteps behind me created a crunching noise against the grass with each step. I turned around, it was Gwen.

I never saw her wear a gray flat cap before, she wore it sorta slanted and it covered the front of her bob cut. Her beige bomber jacket was zipped up despite the hot weather, though the legs of her jeans stopped at her ankles. I swear, weather only affected her when she allowed it to.

When I first met her I thought she was a Schnee at first glance because of the white of her hair. Then I tried to be genial with her during the introduction ceremony. Thanks to her response, I learned just a little about the
entirety
of her family's genealogy and history along with specific reasons as to why she looks nothing like, "A bunch of stuck up corporate assholes."

My response to that last one was likely one of the main contributions to the state of our, "friendship."

Her voice had a light rasp when she spoke, "Celery, what is this?"

I took a quick look behind me, "It's fine."

"That's a jar of dust behind your leg."

Sweat formed on my forehead a little, "Indeed it is!" I said while taking a step back. A finger poked me in my side causing me to flinch.

"Boo." said the toneless voice.

It was Trilby, my team leader, hunched over beside me with the front of her brown utility vest dangling a tad off her body due to its size. It exposed the front of her long sleeved tan shirt beneath. Her messy curly brown hair tickled my arm as she raised her body. How did she sneak up on me? Her semblance was sound creation, not the complete control of it.

"Why are you guys even out here?" I asked.

Trilby leaned on one leg to pick up the vial of dust behind me. The dust vial made a swishing sound as she shook it in my face with slow exaggerated movements. I froze for a moment before swiping it from her.

"You could've blown us up!" I said.

Trilby shrugged, "Which is why it'd be safer near a small fire."

I sighed, "It's fine."

Gwen swiped the bottle from behind, "Until you try to
start
fires with it," she said. Then she brought the bottle closer to her face and examined it.

"Absolutely amazing Celery, first you blow up the kitchen because you couldn't control your gluttony, and now you're about to blow up the forest-"

"Blow up and set on fire." said Trilby.

Gwen smacked her palm across her face, "I was getting to that, Fedora."

Trilby smirked, "Get to it faster then, Miss Schnee."

Gwen gave her a sardonic smile. Trilby walked over to the spit and looked at the meat. She tapped one of the crude supports with the tip of her shoe and the entire creation collapsed into the fire.

"Smells good," she said.

I opened my mouth to rebut her, when an object in the sky came into view at another portion of the island. Gwen tried to get my attention before she turning her head in the direction I was looking. It came closer into view, its hull was moderate in length and it appeared to have a gray and black color scheme. The triangular wings left a trail of smoke through the sky as the airship made for a descent.

A loud bang sounded as I lost sight of it when it went behind a mass of trees. The ground shook and we lost our footing, I hit the ground head first. Gwen shouted as the sound of glass shattered. Not even a second later, an explosion erupted from the general radius of the fire pit.

My body flipped a few feet into the air before I landed, again, head first onto the ground once more. Trilby and Gwen landed nearby, and tiny fires were all around us. My vision started to become hazy, and then everything faded to black.


I awoke in a bed and fought to keep my heavy eyelids open. My teammates sat at tables in front of the room. I groaned and Trilby looked over at me.

"I'm fine," I said mumbling.

Trilby got up and walked over to me. She put her hand to my head and then knocked her knuckles against it.

"Really?" I asked.

"We know you're ok, we've been in here all day talking with Pewter and Rigor about this." said Trilby.

"We're popular now Celery, TRGC is the latest in Bleary Academic gossip!" Gwen shifted direction in her chair to face me, "Two explosions in one week. Get used to hearing about this shit."

"Miss Blanch, please mind your language in the school for the third time," said a voice on the other side of the room, likely a nurse. I'd never been inside the infirmary before. It was quite small, more so than I expected, you'd think a school in such a dangerous location would put more emphasis on its medical facility. I could hear wheels roll across the floor tiles and the nurse came into my view.

Gwen groaned and gave her a thumbs up. She slumped down in her chair with her head resting in her hand. The nurse rolled backwards some more and got up to walk towards me with a clipboard in hand.

"Celene, you hit your head hard from that explosion , but," she dragged out the word. "The fall could only induce minor trauma, and your aura shielded you from even that."

"So I can go?" I asked.

"Back to
class
, yes."

I looked between the nurse and Trilby, twice, with confusion on my face. "Go back to class…" I took a breath, "Seriously?"

"Seriously. What you got was the equivalent to falling off a bike and scrapping your knee Celene."

I frowned.

"No pouting, Rigor even wants to give us an extra assignment thanks to your amazing culinary crash course," said Gwen.

Trilby grabbed me around the stomach, heaved me into the air, and put me firm on the floor. "He already told us the details, get your weapon and we'll meet outside." she said.

My stomach growled and I jumped back onto the bed. "I'm still
dying
feed me!" I said. Then I started patting my belly as if it were a drum. Gwen reached into her pocket and threw something that struck me in the arm. I looked at it as it landed on the bed, it was a granola bar.

I stared at it for a few minutes.

"Don't eat it all at once," said Trilby. Gwen just sneered, now sitting in her chair backwards. I sighed, unwrapped the bar, and began to eat it.

This place and everyone in it could go to hell.


The forest's air was cool as nightfall started to overtake the evening. We walked around in circles, and had gotten lost a few times. The CCT map system here was awful, and it didn't help that Trilby couldn't remember basic cardinal directions.

"Guys, west?" said Trilby. She stuck her hand out north.

I grabbed the scroll from her hands and flipped it right side up.

"Thanks."

Gwen traced the trees with her dagger as she walked. "Why are they sending
us
to go check out this airship?" She tried to cut at a thin branch in one swing, it recoiled and smacked her in the head.

I laughed. Gwen yanked the branch off and threw it at my legs. It tripped me, and I staggered forward into a tree near her.

"Completely uncalled for," I said.

Gwen took off her flat cap and dusted it off. Then she gave me a light slap in the forehead with it before putting it back on.

"So was getting us in trouble so we had to do this," said Trilby.

"Get over it," I said simpering.

Trilby slid down a small slope. I mimicked her action, Gwen jumped from the top instead.

"That's why you're going to starve to death," said Gwen.

"Is that why you all aren't super upset with me?"

"Pretty much," said Trilby. She looked at her scroll, "It should be here I think?"

I went to her and looked at the map display. Where we needed to go should've been G6 according to the map's grid system. Yet where we were was not even close to what the map was showing. There was supposed to be an open beach like area here, not more greenery.

"Are you sure you're looking at that thing right?" I asked.

Trilby handed the scroll to Gwen. "Do you want me to answer that?" she said.

Gwen looked back and forth between our surroundings and the map. "Yep, this should be it." she said, "Thanks Rigor. " The bushes rustled. My stomach growled louder than normal.

Then an ursa emerged from a thicket with a leap. Its red eyes shot daggers of malice and bone spikes emanated from its back. We all took out our weapons as it walked towards with deliberation, each step intended to intimidate us.

I swung my axe, Gyrate Periculum, behind me and pulled the trigger on the underside of its haft. The head of the axe exploded, and I was propelled forward.

The ursa was sluggish in its movements. It tried to slash at me with its claws the moment I got close but at the last minute I swung Gyrate to my right and sent myself to the left. My body came to a gradual halt as I broke throughbranches and bushes.

The grimm was about to run after me when Gwen shot an arrow that hit its front leg. It jerked backwards, Trilby ran towards it. She thrust her sword, Argent Íchos, into its side. The edges of the broadsword's blade expanded, revealing a crimson core at the center of the fuller. A dissonant tune started to play from Argent, the color of its core changing with every note.

The song reminded me of an inharmonious rapid fast rendition of a nursery rhyme I used to hear a lot when I was younger.

The ursa jerked and thrashed about. It managed to shake some of Trilby's grip on the sword, she only had one hand left to keep hold. Gwen began to ready an arrow but hesitated to fire.

"Trilby let go so I won't hit you!" Gwen shouted.

The ursa managed to fling Trilby into a thicket that was behind me. Gwen fired arrows in rapid succession at the grimm, some deflected off the bone spikes on its back while others hit the midsection. Since the ursa was focused on her, I put Gyrate to my side and fired off explosions in short bursts.

I was spinning in a mobile circle that cleared parts of trees and other vegetation near me that I hadn't already destroyed from my previous entry. The ursa noticed and tried avoid me. I jumped and fired off another round that launched me straight for the grimm. I landed on the ground next to it and did a rising slash combined with another explosion, one of its forelegs sailed off in an arc over my head. I stopped and stumbled around, the dizziness from the spinning caught up to me.

It let out a low groan and then something whirled through the air and struck it. Once my mind and vision regained stability I saw an arrow protruding from the side of its face. The grimm's corpse then evaporated away. The arrows and Argent dropping from it afterwards. Gwen collected them and came my way.

"C'mon Celery, the Fedora got thrown through here," she said. Gwen walked over to the thicket and grunted as she jumped into it. I sheathed Gyrate and followed her, trying to do the same. Except I tripped on an exposed tree root and tumbled into it before falling and hitting sand on the other side.

I got off the ground and brushed the sand of my clothes. Trilby was a few feet away eyeing her shoulder. Gwen was nowhere in sight.

"Trilby!" I called out walking towards her, "What happened to Gwen?"

"She helped me up, threw Argent on the ground, saw something, and then ran off-"

The sound of a horn blared off near us.

"-Well, guess we found her," said Trilby.

Trilby and I walked along the beach, if you could call it a beach, it didn't look amazing like the ones I'd seen back in Vale. The sand was a grayish murky color and the only things that shored were tree branches. The sea water was barely noticeable, the waves didn't have any major movements at all.

The airship came into view after a few minutes of walking. The horn going off once every so often.

We walked up the ramp of the airship, and Trilby banged on the door.

"Please stop honking, we're here," she said. The doors opened and Gwen walked out.

"Eh, not much in there, and not much around here," said Gwen.

Trilby put a hand on her hip. "Really, not a single person?" she asked.

Gwen scratched her head and gave a look of epiphany, as if a light bulb turned on. She ran back inside and dragged out an unconscious man. He was short and had a graying mustache. His navy ribbed sweater was torn along with his black pants, he didn't have any shoes.

Trilby put a hand over her mouth. "'Not much in there' huh?" she said, mocking Gwen.

Gwen clapped her hands together. Her face became stern. "You're missing the big picture mam," she said attempting to make her voice deep. "This airship, we can rebuild it, leave this shithole and find a new path for ourselves as rogue huntsman!"

Trilby rolled her eyes.

I rose my hand. "Miss Blanch, we don't know how to pilot an airship," I said.

She ignored me. "Go to Vacuo or Vale y'know?" she said.

I folded my arms. "Eh, I don't wanna go back to Vale," I said.

Gwen walked up to me and flicked me in the forehead. "Stay here or don't, I don't have to be bothered with you either way." Gwen smirked, "But I'd feel safer knowing we're on separate land masses. So consider a friend's feelings, kay?"

Trilby pinched the bridge of her nose. "Can we
please
get this guy and go back to Bleary?" she said, the anger she intended came out as singsong instead.

A roar emerged from beyond the thicket that surrounded the beach. Our heads darted in its direction.

"Real neat. Thanks Gwen," said Trilby.

Two ursa emerged from the woods. They were bigger than the one we had killed before. Their bodies were covered in bone plating. Not ursa, but ursa majors.

A part of me wanted to believe they'd just came to admire the elegance of Gwen's horn honking.



Just a Note: The long overdue rewrite of the first chapter. Some things were changed so that it ties into the story's current state instead of reading like a one off thing in an entirely different tone that felt separate from the actual story.


>