


Citrusella and the Magical Blueberry Broche


As everyone knows, getting on the roster in Sugar Rush is always an exciting event. The racers in the game were always practicing, always trying new things, and doing whatever it took to make it on the roster for the gamers to play.

For many of the residence, landing a spot was easy, their top scores known throughout the land.


But for others….


Citrusella Flugpucker felt sad. It had been several weeks since she had been on the roster and she was starting to wonder if she would ever get a spot. It didn't matter to her what number she was, as long as she got to be picked by a player, she would be happy!

But time and time again, Citrusella found herself coming in last or missing the roster by a hair! It just wasn't fair.

"
I wonder if people even remember I'm still in this game….
" The little racer sighed, returning home from yet another loss.

Jubileena Bing-Bing, having secured her place once more, saw her friend walking away sadly and tried to catch up.

"Hey, Cissy! What's wrong?"

"Oh, it's nothing, Jubi…" said Citrusella sadly "I just wish I had what it takes to get back into the race. I wish I were as great a racer as you."

"But what fun is it not to be you?" asked Jubileena "I think you're a


GREAT


racer!"

"You just don't understand!" sniffed Citrusella "It's almost like I'm the least talented racer here! I almost never win and no one seems to notice me anyway!" and before Jubileena could say anything else, Citrusella had ran home.

That night, Citrusella went to bed, not at all excited for the upcoming race.

"
M-maybe tomorrow


WILL


be better….
" She sighed, getting into bed "
But I still wish I could race as good as Jubileena….
"

The next morning, Citrusella woke up bright and early though she still was a bit timid to come to the track. She knew she had to show up though, even if she doubted herself that she could win. Before she left the house though, she found something on her doorstep.

"What's this?"

It was a package and it was addressed to her!

The racer opened it, finding a BEAUTIFUL blueberry broche!

"Oh, how PRETTY!" she beamed, putting it on her jacket. Just then, a note fell from the packaged.


Dear Citrusella. I heard your wish last night. Using my magical powers, I have made for you a special charm that will let you win your races! All you have to do is wear it and you'll be the best racer in the game!



From, a fan.


A magical charm that could help Citrusella win races? Was it possible?

"C-Could it be?"

She would just have to find out.

At the race track, the racers were all lined up and ready and as the flag went down….



OFF THEY WENT!



From the start, Citrusella was at the end of the pack, falling behind everyone as they sped around her.

"Oh no!" the girl cried "I'm back here again!"

But then she remembered her charm!

Could it work?

"I-I gotta make this work!" Citrusella cried, gripping onto the steering wheel. She then hit the gas and pushed herself ahead! Soon she was in sixth place but she was quickly making her way up the race.

"Wow! This is working!" she said in glee as she watched herself drive past the others.

A large marshmallow was about to hit Citrusella but she swerved out of the way just in time!

"That was close!"

A huge chunk of brownies fell in the road but Citrusella found a way to ride over it like a ramp!

"AW YEAH!"

Citrusella had never raced this well before! There was no stopping her!

The finish line was closing in and she was neck and neck with Taffyta and Vanellope!

"I can do this! I can do this!" the racer thought to herself!

She just had to believe in the magic of the broche! She just had to believe!

She focused on the finish line, her foot still on the gas, her mind on winning!

And then!



"CITRUSELLA FLUGERPUCKER WINS!"



The crowd went wild but none were more excited than Citrusella!

"

I WON! I WON!

" she cheered, hopping out of her kart "I can't believe it but
I WON!
"

"You did it!" cheered Jubileena, smiling from ear to ear "I guess I'll see you on the roster tomorrow!"

Citrusella smiled! She had never felt so good before and it was all thanks to her blueberry broche!

For the next week, Citrusella won ever roster race without worry, coming in first every time! It seemed like no one could beat her!

"Tomorrow is Friday! The busiest day for us!" said Vanellope "I hope I can make it on the list!"

"Yeah! But you saw how the records have been going!" said Rancis "Citrusella has the top spots ALL the time!"

"
Heheh! And I couldn't have done it without you!
" Citrusella whispered as she gave her broche a shine.

"Oh Cissy!" said Jubileena "I need some help getting some cherries for a pie I'm making. Can you help me?"

"Of course!" Citrusella smiled at her friend.

The two then headed to Cherry Grove to fetch the cherries that Jubileena needed, the fruit almost as big as the racers and just as difficult to pick.

"Careful!" Jubileena said as she carried a large cherry to her kart "Some of these things might


EXPLODE


since they're so ripe!"

Citrusella wasn't at all worried "Don't worry, Jubi! I can handle this!"

Unfortunately, Citrusella didn't look where she was going.

Without warning, a large cherry began to fall from the tree, heading right for Citrusella!

"

LOOK OUT CISSY!

" gasped Jubileena!

Jubileena moved just in time to push Citrusella out of the way but as she did, both girls landed in a pile of cherries and-!



SPLAT!



Cherry juice went

EVERYWHERE!



"Oh no!" cried Citrusella as she looked down, the broche missing from her jacket "What happened to my broche!"

As much as Citrusella looked, she could not find her precious broche. It was lost!

"Oh no, oh no! I need that for the race tomorrow!" the racer sobbed "Without it, I can't race! I'll be back to losing again!"

"Don't think like that!" said Jubileena "I'm sure you can make the roster!"

Citrusella sniffed; she was sure that without her magical broche there was one way she could win!

It seemed that Citrusella's words were true as that night she wasn't able to catch up with anyone during the race! Everyone drove past her and to make matters worse, she didn't even make it to the finish line as she was soon smushed under a large scoop of….


BLUEBERRY SORBET.


"Don't feel bad…." Said Snowanna.

"We all lose sometimes!" said Swizzle.

Citrusella cried as she ran back to her house. She was on such a good winning streak that she could not believe she had lost again. She hated losing because it made her feel as if she were not as good as the others.

"I-I wish I had my broche back!" she cried "I-I would be able to win if I did!"

There was a knock at Citrusella's door and not a second later, Jubileena let herself in.

"Citrusella?"

Citrusella saw that Jubileena had something in her hands.

Her broche!

"Jubi!" cried an elated Citrusella "Wh-where did-?!"

"I was looking for hours but I managed to find it in all the cherry goo!" Jubileena smiled.

"Thank you! Thank you SO MUCH!" said Citrusella as she hugged her friend "With this, I can win again and-!"

"Cissy….I need to tell you something…" Jubileena sighed.

"W-what is it?"

Jubileena looked down at her feet, "I was the one who made this and…I was the one who wrote the letter…."

Citrusella was shocked "Y-You mean you did this all for


ME?


Why?"

"Because I knew you were upset and I couldn't stand it any longer. I thought if I made you something special, you would feel better…"

"S-so this isn't a magical broche?" Citrusella asked.

"Nope. It's just something I made with glue and beads!" Jubileena smiled "The reason you were winning was because you gave it your all! It had nothing to do with this!"

Citrusella looked down at the broche. For so long, she thought she just couldn't race and it was only because of the item she had been given that she could surpass even the best racers in the game.

But from what Jubileena had told her, the reason she had won so many racers was because she stopped focusing on how she


COULDN'T


win.

Jubileena had done this all to make her best friend feel better.

Citrusella hugged Jubileena again "Thank you Jubi….b-but do you think I can make the next roster?"

"Sure ya can!" said Jubileena "I know ya can do it!"

The next day, Citrusella rolled up to the starting line, though she was obviously nervous about racing without her broche.

But she had to believe in herself. A broche wasn't going to win racers for her.

"

GO!

"

The racers went off in a blaze of colored smoke and sugar, speeding down the track like lightening! Citrusella made the first turn, nearly running into Candlehead but she was able to maneuver out of the way!

She came up to Rocky Road Canyon, the toughest track on the course!

"I can do this! I can do this!" Citrusella reassured herself.

The road was rocky, the road was rough!

But Citrusella kept moving ahead!

"I can do this! I can do this!"

After so much worrying, Citrusella made it through!

"

I DID IT!

"

Even as several racers began to fall back, Citrusella continued to move forward. She wasn't going to give up on herself! Not when she was having so much fun!

"

WOW!

This is


GREAT!


"

Now the hard part was coming; she had to make it to the finish line!

Once again, she was behind but she pressed forward, moving up and up the track! She couldn't think about how she


COULDN'T


or


WOULDN'T


win! That would only cause her to loose focus!

It was getting close!

So close!

And you know what?

"Almost there!"



SHE CROSSED THE FINISH LINE IN TIME!



"Swizzle Malarkey at first! Vanellope Von Schweetz in second! Citrusella Flugpucker in third!"

Citrusella was SO happy that she was able to make the top three!

"

I DID IT! I DID IT!

"

"Yeah! And you didn't need that broche!" smiled Jubileena "So I guess that means you're gonna get rid of it?"

Citrusella thought for a moment but shook her head "Nah. I'm gonna keep it!"

"But why?" asked Jubileena "You know it's not really magical and it doesn't do anything!"

"Yeah, but a good friend of mine gave it to me because she knew I was sad!" the racer beamed "Why would I get rid of something that showed me that someone cared?"

>