


I know, I know, I think we've established I am absolutely atrocious at updating regularly...so sorry! Hopefully this chapter isn't terrible, as I am sort of back and forth on how I like it, but I wanted to give you all something! This chapter is dedicated to xXevanderXx and sweet4nothing over on Tumblr for their kind encouragement for me to finish this! Happy reading!



Disclaimer: I own nothing, clearly, or I wouldn't be writing and consuming the amount of TVD/TO AUs that I do to make up for the awfulness of both shows.



Chapter 15


Elijah had always prided himself on his intelligence. Five hundred years on this earth had certainly taught him much, and having a network of spies to keep him informed of any changes in the world had always served him most advantageously.

However, informing his siblings of any threats could be a tiresome task.

Especially with Niklaus. Such a volatile temper, his little brother possessed.

But it had to be done, and sooner rather than later, which is why Elijah found himself knocking loudly on the king's door after midnight.

"What the bloody hell is it, Elijah?" Klaus opened the door to his chambers, clearly miffed at the interruption.

"Forgive me, brother, but there is urgent business I must discuss with you."

"And it couldn't wait until morning?"

"Obviously not."

He strode past Klaus, taking a stance by one of the windows, looking up at the moon that cast its ethereal glow over the darkness.

"Well?" He heard Klaus inquire impatiently from behind him.

Elijah turned back toward him, a slight frown creasing his brow. "I have just received word from one of our spies. It seems that there has been some movement on the part of the Crescent wolf clan."

Instantly, Klaus tensed, jaw set. "Are you certain?"

"Quite. No warfare, not yet at least, but they have been moving their camp closer to our borders as of late."

"Those traitors wouldn't dare come back," Klaus growled, beginning to pace restlessly.

"Well, considering most of them allied with our father and you made certain they never returned to Mystic Falls by defeating the soldiers and exiling those not involved with the war, revenge would never be far from their thoughts," Elijah replied lightly.

"They should consider themselves fortunate that I showed them mercy," Klaus snarled.

Elijah nodded. He knew Niklaus would never admit it to another soul, but he had done his own investigation of the reason his brother had not murdered the entire clan on the spot. If what he had discovered were true, then there was a chance the hybrid's true father had come from that clan. Perhaps it was his brother's wolfish instincts that led him to show the werewolves a modicum of mercy; perhaps it was the idea of killing off those who potentially had familial ties to him.

He supposed he would never truly know.

"I've informed our forces to double their vigilance and for the spies to report immediately if there are any attacks, small or otherwise," he continued. "Is there anything else you would have me do, Niklaus?"

Klaus stroked his chin thoughtfully, his fury fading as he took on the role of the cold, calculating strategist. "No. Let them believe we are not watching. But it would be wise to double the guard at the castle, particularly in light of the wedding taking place so soon." He smirked, devilish glint gleaming from yellowed eyes. "But if it's war they crave, war they shall receive."

Elijah sighed. "And let us hope it does not come to that."

Klaus inclined his head. "Indeed. But remember, brother, what is it we always say when it comes to our enemies?"

Elijah couldn't help but smile. "One step ahead, Niklaus. One step ahead."


The afternoon before the wedding found Caroline in her new garden, safely tucked away from any prying eyes. Had it really only been a week since the announcement? Life was so different at the castle, she feared her concept of time had been forever ruined amidst Rebekah's flaming temper and Bonnie's soothing disposition.

One thing she did know: she was to be married tomorrow, and she needed one last moment of peace and quiet in solitude.

And so she wandered amidst the garden, every once in a while picking up a blossom and inhaling deeply, soaking up the healing powers of nature that gave life to her power.

She stopped at a particularly lovely yellow rosebud. Touching her hand to it, the petals began opening and closing of their own accord, to her utter fascination and delight.

"Will you show me?"

She dropped the petal, jumping about in a fright.


How does he do that? I didn't even hear the air move!
Still, her heart calmed considerably knowing that it was Klaus who had interrupted her musings, and not some stranger. She couldn't deny that his presence was less threatening to her as each day passed, and she was not sure at all what that meant.

"I'm still something of a novice, but I have a few tricks." Winking rather mischievously at him, Caroline closed her eyes, chanting with quiet intensity. A sudden splash directed his attention to the pond, where the water was bubbling up into a small fountain, sending droplets of water into the air.

She smiled sheepishly at him. "I've been waiting to try that spell."

"Well it seems that you've been a very diligent student."

"I try to be." She looked over at the fountain, then back again, a though crossing her mind. "Do you ever miss it?" she spoke up, abruptly. "Being human, I mean?"

He glanced at her. "No," he answered, tension rolling off of him in waves, though he spoke with an affected stoicism.

She could see right through him.

"Why?" she pressed her advantage, inching towards him. "Does it…is it because of your father?"

She knew she had guessed correctly from the hard expression crossing his face. "You've been talking to Bonnie, haven't you?" he asked, his tone surprisingly calm in spite of his rigid posture.

She nodded.

"Then I believe you already know the answer."

"Maybe so, but I want to hear it coming from you."

He sighed then, still not looking at her. "My father made me feel weak. Becoming a vampire—a hybrid—gave me the strength to defeat him once and for all. Why would I want to go back—to stop being the most powerful creature on the planet?"

He spoke confidently, but his eyes betrayed him. He looked so lost in that moment, so unbearably empty, that Caroline's heart ached for him.

"So there's not one single moment in your whole life that you wanted to be human again?"

He finally faced her, mouth pulled up in a wry grin. "Sorry, love. It's your turn to answer a question now."

Caroline huffed, but let the subject go, for now. She would have to try again later. Klaus could be so infuriating—wanting her to spill all her deepest secrets to him, and yet so reticent about his own. Their little game of alternating questions was the compromise.

She waved her hand, waiting for his question.

He stroked his chin, considering her. "How did you react when you first discovered your powers?"

Caroline laughed lightly. "To be quite honest, I was shocked, terrified, bewildered…and the smallest bit excited," she admitted wryly. "Actually, I found out by accidentally setting part of my room on fire. I had just torn a hole in one of my gowns and I was angry and the next thing I knew, the curtains were ablaze. Fortunately, Stefan was at home and managed to calm me down before it escalated any more."

"Ah, Stefan. Your cousin, correct?"

"Yes. He's been taking care of me for years, ever since…" she trailed off, a sadness overtaking her features.

"Ever since your parents died," Klaus finished her sentence, watching her closely.

She avoided his eyes and nodded.

"What were they like? Your mother and father?"

She gave him a droll look. "That's not how the game works."

"Indulge me just this once, love."

She made no response, instead gazing into the shallow waters of the pond.

Klaus opened his mouth to ask her again, but she cut him off. "I only have vague memories of them. The fire happened when I was very young, after all." She paused, and he noticed her delicate fingers rubbing the lapis lazuli necklace that constantly adorned her neck. "My father was a soldier. He wasn't home very often—always out on duty, protecting those in his care. But when he was home, he made time to play with me. He made me a wooden knife, and I used to pretend I was the knight slaying the dragon, and I would sit on his back and make him be my noble steed."

Her face lit up more and more as she talked, and Klaus couldn't help but think how beautiful she looked then, reminiscing about her loved ones. "And your mother?"

"She was a wonderful seamstress, a trait that I sadly have not inherited. She would sit for hours in her sewing room, and I would watch her work, or read to her, or simply talk about happenings in the neighborhood. But one thing she always insisted on was taking an evening walk, to enjoy the sunset and the cool air." Her voice had grown quieter. "It was during one of those walks that the fire happened. Stefan had walked with me instead of my mother, and we had had so much fun running about the streets together. When we arrived home, however, the house had been burned to ashes, with only a few blackened bricks left standing. And they were gone." She sighed, looking up at the twilit sky. "The most vivid memory I have from that night was the sun, glaring orange and red in the sky behind the acrid smoke and ash billowing into the air. And now…now the sunset always reminds me of them."

She stopped, the grief still evident in her face. Klaus shifted closer to her, an irresistible urge to comfort her overtaking him. He placed a hand over hers. "It must have been a very difficult time for you."

She turned her head towards him, slightly surprised at his gesture, but she made no move to escape him. "It was indeed. The worst of it is that my parents weren't the only ones who were lost. My uncle—Stefan's father—was with them as well. And so, as neither of us had any other relatives left, we stayed together ever since."

"Do you have any idea as to what caused the fire?"

Caroline shook her head. "No, but Stefan has always suspected that it was not an accident. I can't think why. My mother was a witch—a fact that I didn't know at the time, as she and my father hid it very well from me. I think they wanted to protect me and shelter me from the dangers that being a witch entails on the chance that I had no powers, but in the end it made no difference. But my uncle was a warlock as well. Stefan always believed it was a possibility that someone was after them, but neither of us knows of anyone who would have reason to harm them. Or else, it might have been a random vampire feeding attack."

Klaus nodded slowly, a frown creasing his brow. Privately, he found it difficult to believe that a common vampire would go to such lengths as all that without a motive. That sort of finesse usually came with age. Perhaps it was a rival witch? Fire was a common weapon for their kind after all.

His curiosity in the whole affair had most certainly been piqued.

"But enough about me," he heard Caroline sigh, shifting towards him. "What brings you here?"

"Other than seeking your stimulating company?" Klaus teased her, not untruthfully. "I have something to show you, actually."

"What sort of something?" Caroline asked, eyeing him suspiciously.

He merely smiled at her. "Come now, sweetheart, we haven't got all day."

Grimacing, she made to get up, but suddenly her whole world went dark as she felt a blindfold covering her eyes. Shrieking in surprise, she felt herself being lifted up in Klaus's strong arms.

"Klaus, put me down at once!" she cried, wriggling helplessly against him.

His answering chuckle rumbled deeply in his chest. "Hold on tightly, Caroline"

And in a whoosh of air, they were off, Klaus flashing through the garden gate at inhuman speed. Caroline could hardly breathe, the colors of the surrounding foliage blurring together in swirls of brown and green.

As suddenly as it had happened, it stopped, and she wobbled on her legs as Klaus set her down gently. A familiar, earthy smell invaded her nostrils, but for the life of her she could not place the scent.

"Where are we?" she asked, breathing deeply to catch her breath.

"Not so much a 'where' as a who,'" Klaus replied, his voice sounding very close to her ear. "There's someone who very much wants to meet you."

With a swift motion, the blindfold fell from her eyes, and she gasped at the sight before her.

They were standing just inside the stables, and in the stall in front of her was the most beautiful chestnut horse, pawing the ground and whinnying softly.

"She's yours," Klaus whispered to her, and her heart swelled. But a thought occurred to her and the word leapt from her mouth before she could think.

"Did she belong to Tatia as well?"

"No."

"Oh."

"Why would you think that?"

"Your other gifts to me once belonged to her."

"And that offends you." He seemed genuinely surprised at the knowledge.

She could almost laugh at him if the moment wasn't so awkward, but remained silent.

He collected himself quickly, giving her a slight bow. "I apologize for making you feel uncomfortable or inferior. Believe me, it was not my intention."

"You cared for her, didn't you? Queen Tatia?"

Caroline was looking at him strangely, her head tilted to the side.

He stiffened at the unexpected question, taking a steadying breath. "Once upon a time, yes."

"Did you love her?"

"No."

"But you regret taking her life."

It wasn't a question.

He considered. Did he? Did he regret driving a stake into her heart, watching the life draining from her eyes as her body turned to dull grey ash? Had he felt the slightest ounce of guilt tugging at him as he ignored her pleas for understanding for him to listen to her, the woman who had spent so many years by his side? The very same woman whom had so often sought comfort and friendship in Elijah as time had worn on, a gleam of triumphant defiance flashing in her eyes?

His fists clenched even more tightly at the memories. "No."

She studied him for a minute, nodding her head slowly. She opened her mouth to respond, but she must have thought better of it, for instead she simply replied, "I see."

That would not do.

"Care to elaborate, love?"

She shook her head firmly. "No. To be perfectly frank, your past with Tatia is just that: the past. I may not like what you did to her—and I don't—but I believe constantly dredging up the subject would do more harm than good." She dropped her eyes, shuffling her feet. "But thank you."

"For what, love?"

"Your honesty."

He searched her face intently, looking for any signs of deceit.

He found none.

As she was walking away from him, he caught up to her, encasing her hand with his.

She made no move to pull away, and he had never felt more alive.


Katherine Gilbert had never been one for following rules.

In a castle where things ran like clockwork, breaking rules was certainly a temptation.

It was not so bad, after all. She had her own little apartment close to Caroline's, and she saw her friend every day, busy helping her with the wedding arrangements. They had even stolen down to the kitchens a few nights ago, making off with some delicious pastries for a midnight snack.

But sneaking about the dungeons was an entirely different matter. Especially at night, on the eve of the royal wedding.

She had only stumbled upon the entrance yesterday, as it was far away from the glittering front wings of the castle, nearer to the servants' quarters. Still, she could hear the faint moans and rattling breaths, hidden deep underground in the bowels of the castle.

Call it morbid curiosity, but she had wanted to see the place where so many lives had been taken, some innocent, some guilty, but all exposed to some torture or another. She supposed it was in her nature, to be drawn to the darkest parts of life, to experience that singular thrill at the stench of blood and crushed bones.

Katherine had just placed a hand on the iron handle when the sound of approaching footsteps reached her ears.

"What are you doing there?"

She jumped back immediately.

"Oh, forgive me, I seem to have lost my way. Is this not the way to the kitchens?" she feigned ignorance, forcing a confused look on her face.

The man laughed heartily, waving his hand in the direction he had come from. "I'm afraid that's on the other side of the castle, Miss…?"

"Gilbert, Katherine Gilbert."

"Mason Lockwood, lieutenant in the Royal Guard." He returned her curtsy with an equally elegant bow. "You've arrived with the lady Caroline, haven't you?"

"Yes, sir."

"Wonderful." He smiled at her, but it didn't quite reach his eyes, putting her instantly on her guard. "Now, if you'll excuse me, Miss Gilbert, I'd best be off to my duty."

"Oh yes of course," she replied hastily, moving away from the entrance.

Mason gave her a salute, and disappeared.

After a split-second decision, she followed him, taking care to tread carefully, thankful for her enhanced senses.

Stealthily, she crept down the hall.

Suddenly, Mason stopped walking, and she heard him murmuring something. He was just out of range for her to hear.

Holding her breath, she took a few steps closer.

"…yes, it is all arranged for tomorrow. I promise, I will not fail you."

"See to it that you don't, Lockwood, or I promise you, you will be begging for death," a muffled voice that she didn't recognize answered. "Now, I suggest you go back to your post before you are missed."

She heard Mason's muttered farewell, and she had just barely enough time to retreat at vampiric speed before he rounded the corner.

Katherine did not stop running until she was safely in her room, panting slightly.

Somehow, she knew the conversation she had overheard was no trifling matter—no, it had sounded much more sinister.

She paced the room, running her hands over her face. Perhaps she was overreacting, and it was merely two guards conversing?
Yes, that had to be it. Stop acting so ridiculous!


She flopped onto her bed, cursing under her breath.
Still…one can't be too careful, I suppose.


Abruptly, she jolted upright.

Hurrying out of her room, she knew it was a wise decision.

She needed to find Elijah.


The morning of the wedding arrived much more quickly than Caroline believed possible. The morning sun shone down through the window as she sat at her vanity, clad in the radiant white gown, sitting dutifully still while Bonnie fussed with her hair.

She stared at her reflection in the mirror, feeling conflicting sensations of certainty and doubtful anxiety. Was she ready for this life, to bind herself to the life of a royal, to pledge her loyalty to Klaus for eternity? After all that had happened, the troubling thoughts and insecurities still gnawed at her insides. There was no denying that Klaus cared for her, very much so—and deep down, she knew that their mutual happiness would almost be decided entirely on her part, if she gave in fully to the feelings he had stirred up within her from almost the very first moment they had met.

Only time would tell.

But for now, at least, they would be friends, and they would marry. A ghost of a smile crossed her lips.

"What is it, then?" Bonnie asked her, catching the brief movement as she finally finished fixing Caroline's hair into a gorgeous mass of braids and curls.

"It's just…overwhelming. Marriage, I mean." Her smile remained, but Bonnie could see the sadness in her eyes. "I always fantasized about it as a child, living happily ever after with my husband, raising a family…it seems I am fated to gain one but lose the other." A glitter of tears shone in her eyes. She had so wanted to be a mother, and now she would never have that chance.

"There, there," Bonnie soothed her, massaging her shoulders until she mastered herself once more, feeling slightly better.

A knock at the door broke through the quiet.

"Caroline, it's time."

Taking a deep breath, she stood up, looking at her reflection once more before she turned to Rebekah, who eyed her up and down with a critical eye.

"You'll do," the female Original said with a curt nod, but with an edge of pride in her voice that took Caroline by surprise.

"Come on, then," Bonnie urged, taking her hand with an easy smile. "Let's not keep the king waiting."

Her stomach fluttering with nervous energy, Caroline smiled back, and followed her out of the room.


Klaus stood at the small altar of the city's chapel, tapping his foot impatiently against the marble floor. Waiting had never been one of his strong suits, but this was absolute torture.

After today, Caroline would be his, and he would be one step closer to earning her heart as well as her hand.

So focused on the entrance to the chapel, he barely even glanced at the glorious interior of the church. Truth be told, he hadn't even wanted a grand wedding—a small private affair at the castle would have satisfied him—but Elijah had insisted, uttering some nonsense about appeasing the public and keeping up traditions that he had long ago forsaken.

But the sight of his intended gracefully entering the church, absolutely glowing in her pure white gown, caused him to change his mind.

The strain of violins could not block out the thunderous beat of his undead heart, his blood rushing through his veins and the air dispelled from his lungs as he saw her, on Elijah's arm, coming slowly but surely towards him.

Beautiful, strong, full of light…his own description of her echoed through his mind, but the words fell so short of the reality.

She was all silver threads and golden tresses, her form beautifully encased in a simple white gown that bared her shoulders, the expanse of soft skin causing him to lick his lips.

All too soon, she was right before him, face partially obscured behind the gossamer lace veil, but there was no mistaking the bright flash of her eyes, cutting him to his core.

Elijah presented her hand to him. He reached out his hand for her own, the warmth of her skin searing through the delicate silk glove she wore as he grasped it and drew her towards him.

She gave him a small, sweet smile, and he knew that he would move heaven and earth to ensure that it never left her face.

With that though it mind, the ceremony began.

Caroline could feel Klaus's eyes on her, but she withstood the temptation to turn towards him, focusing instead on the elderly priest's gentle words, calling upon the people to give their consent to their union. A resounding chorus of approval rang out from the crowd of courtiers and citizens.

Nodding his head in acknowledgement, the priest addressed Klaus.

"Wilt thou have this Woman to be thy wedded wife, to live together after God's ordinance in the holy estate of Matrimony? Wilt thou love her, comfort her, honor, and keep her, in sickness and in health; and forsaking all other, keep thee only unto her, so long as ye both shall live?"

With a squeeze of her hand, Klaus answered, "I will."

The priest repeated the words to Caroline, who responded with quiet firmness. "I will."

Bidding them to join hands, the priest quietly prompted him to recite the vows.

As he spoke the ancient words, a sweet ache grew in his chest.

"I, Niklaus, take thee Caroline to my wedded wife, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better or worse, for richer or poorer, for fairer or fouler, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death us depart, according to God's holy ordinance; and thereunto I grant thee my troth."


Til death do us part.


Words that had seemed so ironic and unnecessary for one of the immortal race. He could never die. He had nothing to fear.

But the words struck him with the full force of Caroline's mortality. How fragile she was in her humanity, in spite of nature's power running through her veins.

It pained him to think of.

Silently, he made one more vow.

He would never let anything happen to her. She would never be parted from him.

He forced the dark thoughts away, focusing instead on his bride.

Until that moment, Caroline had lowered her lashes, a blush gracing her cheeks, but her eyes flashed up to meet his steadily as she made her vow to him.

"I, Caroline, take thee Niklaus, to my wedded husband, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better or worse, for richer or poorer, in sickness and in health, to be bonny and buxom at bed and at board, to love and to cherish, till death us depart, according to God's holy ordinance; and thereunto I plight thee my troth."

Her voice, though shaky, was filled with an honesty that struck him to the bone, and for a moment he was overcome with emotion.

To be bound to Caroline for the rest of his long life made the burden of eternity one he would carry with joy, no matter how long it took for her to return his affection.

He barely heard the priest bless the rings before he was sliding the intricate golden band around her finger. "With this ring I thee wed, and with my body I thee honor, and with all my worldly goods I thee endow."

His fingers caressed hers, and he noted with satisfaction the slight gasp and trembling hand of his bride.

As quickly as it had begun, the wedding was nearing its end, as the priest gave the final blessing.

"For as much as Man and Woman have consented together in holy wedlock, and have witnessed the same before God and this company, and thereto have given and pledged their troth each to the other, and have declared the same by giving and receiving of a Ring, and by joining of hands; I pronounce therefore that they be Man and Wife together, in the Name of the God, and our King Niklaus, the bridegroom, who is the protector of our people. Amen."

"Amen!" A shout rang up from the congregation.

Caroline glanced over at the priest, who was smiling benignly at them. "Your Majesty, you may now kiss the bride."

Her heart stilled as Klaus carefully removed the veil from her face, lifting it over her head. The entire world fell away—there was only the two of them, and his hands caressing her face, as he bent his head ever nearer. Caroline held his passionate stare, her eyes darting to his full lips for the barest of moments, her whole body trembling in anticipation—and quite suddenly, his lips touched hers, a whisper of a kiss, just barely brushing hers.

Shocked, she couldn't move, or breathe.

As quickly as it had come, the kiss was gone, Klaus's lips moving away—until she suddenly moved forward, seeking out his mouth with her own, her lips caressing his fervently as she pressed herself against him.

A heady rush flowed through her body, lighting her on fire, the flames only increasing in heat as she felt his soft growl as he matched her kiss, tilting his head to bring her closer.

It was only when Klaus broke away, smiling that damned, dimpled grin, that she registered the thunderous applause and raucous cheers surrounding them. And despite the din, she could still hear his reverent whisper.

"
Mine
."



Next part will be a continuation of the wedding, because what's a wedding without a Caroline Forbes-worthy epic party afterwards? Leave a review, I love hearing from you guys!



Real life has literally been sucking away all of my energy, so I honestly don't know when I'll be able to update again. I'm hoping at least once more before the New Year! *fingers crossed*



Also, I know this is all kinds of late, but a humongous THANK YOU to you lovely readers who nominated this fic for Best Debut Fiction in the Klaroline Awards way back in August! It was truly amazing to be honored and even though I didn't win it was just the absolute best feeling in the world knowing that you appreciate this fic and my writing. Y'all rock!


>