

It was a bright and peaceful day in Konoha, with the few rays of the sunlight coming over the hills that were around the village people were barely awaking from there nightly slumber, yet it was surprising to see the infamous blonde boy of the leaf awake so early.

"Why does she have to give me a mission briefing so early in the morning, I haven't even had my morning ramen, hopefully I can get some Ichiraku's before going."

Naruto was the boys name he wasn't the sharpest boy in the village but he did whatever it meant to protect the village and any of the friends that supported him. The only reason Naruto was up this early was because the Hokage had summoned him for an urgent request, he knew very well that if he were to get to Tsunade's office late he would be beat to a pulp. So the boy was ready to go from his apartment to get going to see the Hokage, but as he opened the door he was surprised by the person waiting there.

To Naruto's amazement it was Hinata that was about to knock on his door.

"Um...Hi Naruto-kun I was just coming to check if you were ready to see the Hokage."

With a kind of frightened looked on his face he pleaded to Hinata.

"Ahhh Hinata-sama you scared the hell out of me, wait please don't tell me Grandma Tsunade sent you I was sure I woke up early enough, I'm dead aren't I?"

Hinata with a happy look on her face said:

"Ohh sorry for making you worry Naruto-kun but, I just came to see if you were ready to go see the hokage so that we could go together..."

At this point Hinata was trying to keep herself from blushing to the point where it was noticeable in the dimly lit hallway. Then after a few seconds Naruto told her.

"Of course we can go together since were both going to the same place and I wouldn't mind having your company Hinata"

Hearing those words were almost enough to make Hinata faint right there in the hallway outside of Naruto's apartment, but she held herself together.

"Umm...t-then are you ready to go Naruto-kun, because the hokage must be waiting for us to get there any second now."

Naruto's was now frightened by what Hinata said and he told her.

"Yeah I'm ready to go, hopefully Grandma Tsunade doesn't get mad at us for getting there late."

Now the two were going to the hokage's office as quick as possible they looked like they were part of the shadows by how fast they jumped from rooftop to rooftop with the few rays of light that came over the hill and touched them. After just a few minutes they arrived at the hokage's office and they both rushed through the door and immediately after the doors opened Naruto went flying to the far wall in the hallway.

Naruto was sitting around rubble and with a nosebleed that was didn't seem to let up. Hinata was completely shocked at how Naruto immediately was sent flying.

"OOOWWW...this hurts way more than I was expecting it too I thought we made it on time."

Tsunade with the intent to harm the boy even further, calmed down and just told the blond boy.

"You idiot you were supposed to be here ten minutes ago, and I wanted you two here urgently."

Naruto finally got up from the overwhelming punch he had just received to his face.

"Okay Grandma Tsunade what is the mission that you summoned us here for, also where is the third member of our team shouldn't they be here by now."

Lady Tsunade with a fierce look on her face yet still retaining her calm voice told Hinata and Naruto.

"The two of you will not be having a third member on your team, the village shinobi are stretched out as it is so we could only spare the two of you."

Naruto with a concerned look on his face told the hokage.

"That's no problem Grandma, so what's the mission we are going on I hope it's a high rank mission."

Hinata at this point was now thinking to herself.

"I can't believe it I'm going on a mission with Naruto, hopefully whatever the mission is I wish that Naruto won't get hurt."

Tsunade was now ready to tell them what their mission was.

"This mission is an A-rank mission and could easily be made into an S- rank mission at any given time you are to find and eliminate a band of highly skilled rouge shinobi they are known as the Crimson Lotus of the Sky. They have been reports of them being seen around the border of the Land of Fire."

Naruto and Hinata exchanged looks to see if both of them were worried about this situation or not.

"Umm...Lady Tsunade how long do you predict this mission will take us to complete."

The hokage with an awkward look in her face proceed to answer the young kunochi's question.

"I will give the two of you seven days till another team goes out there to relieve you and take over the mission."

Naruto was ready to get out of the hokage's office and set out for his mission so was Hinata they were just waiting to get the hokage's word to go.

"You two may now go and start your mission my both of you come back alive and good luck."

Now they were off Naruto was set to go on this dangerous mission and Hinata was still thinking about how this mission will go with her being alone with Naruto for about seven days. They both went off to get there supplies from their homes for this long mission they were to endure and they meet each other at the village's gate and Naruto with a cheerful shout just said.

"Let's get going Hinata!"

"Okay lets go Naruto."

At the sound of his voice Hinata's skin got goose bumps and she thought to herself.

"What am I going to do with the person I've loved my whole life for seven days, I'm actually more afraid of being with Naruto for seven days alone than to fight the enemy that they will meet."

Naruto and Hinata are now on their way to the border of the Land of Fire and they both hope that the shinobi they might fight won't be that as dangerous as they think but they both knew that getting to the border would take one day so they both knew that they wouldn't see their enemy today but they might tomorrow.

>