

As the morning sunlight came through the window and the birds chirped in harmony outside, the two young lovers laid in bed still enveloped in each other's arms. Lavender and Orange are completely opposite colors yet with these two young shinobi it made the most beautiful color combination that you could imagine. Then the dark haired girl started to open her lavender eyes and the only thing she could see was a spiky sea of blond, and she could feel the warmth from his chest and she blushed from the feeling. The spiky blond sea started to move and then clear blue eye meet with the girls lavender ones. Then Hinata started to blush and told Naruto.

"Good morning Naruto."

Naruto yawned and said in a low tone of voice.

"Well good morning Hinata."

Then both shinobi stayed looking at each other's eyes and then it finally snapped into their heads. They had slept in the same bed something that not most normal people do even if they are in a couple unless their married. Hinata and Naruto started to blush as they thought of it but the one to break the awkward mood of the moment was a knock on the door. They both went to the door and Naruto slowly opened it to check who it was. Then to his surprise it was the inn keeper with a huge grin across his face and then asked the two young shinobi.

"So did you two enjoy your stay at my lovely inn?"

Hinata and Naruto looked at each other and started to blush because of the events that partook the night before, and then Naruto responded to the man's question.

"It was good but did you really have to give us one bed?"

The mans started to chuckle a bit and then told the blond boy.

"Well that just makes a couples stay more enjoyable."

Naruto started to blush even more and told the man with an almost annoyed tone of voice.

"Well why did you come check on us?"

The man still with a grin stuck out his hand and he had two necklaces on the palm of his hand and said.

"Well I just wanted to come and give you these necklaces that show that you two are a couple and not to be mean or anything but I also came to tell the two of you that you need to check out in a few minutes."

Hinata and Naruto accepted the man's gift and then they told him they would be out soon. The man said his goodbyes and then left the couple be. Then Naruto and Hinata looked at the necklaces that they had just received and Naruto's had a little orange stone that said Peace and Hinata's had a purple oval stone that said Love. They both looked at each other as they put on the necklaces and then Naruto asked Hinata.

"You ready to head out Hinata."

Hinata smiled and then gave Naruto a hug and told him.

"Naruto you don't have to worry about me getting hurt because I know you'll be there to keep me safe."

Naruto seemed to almost sprout tears from his eyes but before he did start crying he kissed her and then said.

"Well I'll protect you with my life Hinata because I don't want to lose you."

Hinata started to get teary eyed to but then she held herself together and told the blond boy.

"Thank you Naruto now we should get going so that we can get home sooner."

Naruto agreed with Hinata and they left the inn and set off to check the border again.


Hours Later


The afternoon sun was high in the sky almost as if it was looking down upon the two young shinobi. They were jumping from branch to branch like all ninja did to move around quicker, but something was different. Hinata could feel that there was a strange chakra that was ahead of them so she told Naruto to slow down and check the area around them. As they stopped and looked around for a few minutes they didn't find anything and just as they were about to leave, a old man called out to see if anyone was there. Hinata and Naruto were surprised to see a man in the middle of the woods all alone then they went up to the poor old man. Then Naruto began to ask the old man if he was okay. The man said he was okay and stated that he couldn't see anything. Naruto looked at Hinata puzzled as ever but he noticed that the poor old man was wearing what seem to be a blindfold. Naruto then told the man the reason he couldn't see was because he had a blindfold on and just as Naruto said that he tried to remove his blindfold, but the man insisted that he shouldn't. The blue eyed boy and lavender eyed girl seemed to question the man on why he didn't want them to take the blindfold off, then the man hesitated to answer and said that he didn't want them to see his eyes because he was blind and he hated knowing that people would stare at his lifeless eyes. Just as he finished his statement Naruto noticed that the old man had what seemed to be a crimson colored bandana wrapped around his arm. Then the blond boy asked the old man why he was wearing that, then the man responded that he was from the crimson lotus and he was there to fight the two shinobi. Hinata and Naruto couldn't think about fighting a blind man who wouldn't be able to fight his opponents fairly. Then both of them told the man.

"We can't fight you sir because you can't see us."

The man sounded sad about that remark that they made and just responded with.

"Well that doesn't matter because you won't be able to see me in a few seconds either."

They both seemed puzzled by the man but before they could respond a paper bomb had come between the two young shinobi making them jump in opposite directions. Just as they got to their feet they heard the man scream out a few words, and then a thick black smoke started to block out the sun and it started to spread everywhere around them, Naruto couldn't see Hinata anymore and now they were enveloped in thick black smoke. They could even see their own hands in the thickness of the smoke, then a old man started spoke out to them.

"Now we can fight on equal terms."

Naruto and Hinata didn't know where each other were and they were worried that they would hurt each other due to not being able to see but they had to get out of that the hard way.

>