

A certain light green squirrel happily strolled along the sidewalk of a peaceful street, licking a lollipop with red, blue, and green swirls. Lollipops were one of his favorite things to eat, along with every other type of candy. In fact, anything sugary would drive him crazy. Sugar was basically his life. He even had a few sweets stuck to him all the time; there was a small lollipop on his cheek, a small sucker on his other cheek, a candy apple on his forehead, and a candy cane on his chest. The squirrel also had a lazy eye. His name was Nutty. Nutty soon bit the lollipop. He ate the fragments of the colorful treat. All that was left was the white stick that it came with.

"MMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!" said the insane little devil. He tossed the white stick onto a nearby open garbage can. Then he hopped his way to the park, while at the same time shaking like a jackhammer. That's what he was, a crazy, hyper, sugar-crazed guy. This was obvious to anyone with a brain. He had a serious addiction. Nutty giggled maniacally as he bounced through the park, which, unlike the streets, was filled with activity.

It was a sunny day, and there was barely a cloud in the beautiful sky. Cuddles, Toothy, Russell and Flaky were playing soccer in the field. Pop and Cub were throwing a frisbee to each other near the sand box. Giggles and Petunia were on the swings while singing. Lumpy sat on a bench, reading a newspaper while eating a sandwich. Mime rode his unicycle past Nutty, going in the same direction as him. Disco Bear, who was trying to get some exercise, jogged past Nutty, going in the opposite direction. And there was Sniffles the anteater, going down a slide.

Wait a minute, Sniffles? Nutty glanced over to where Sniffles was and stopped "jack hammering." He smiled. Sniffles was his best friend.

"Hey, Sniffles!" Nutty called with a wave.

Sniffles looked over at Nutty, smiled, and waved back. "Hi Nutty!" he responded.

Nutty ran over to Sniffles at the slide. "How's it going, buddy?" Nutty asked.

"Great," answered Sniffles. "I'm almost done with my latest invention, the Telepathy Helmet. What makes it amazing is that it will grant telepathic abilities to whoever puts it on. Its name is self-explanatory."

Nutty tilted his head sideways. "What does 'telepathic' mean?" he asked.

"It helps you read people's minds," said Sniffles simply.

"Oooooooooh! That's really cool." Nutty said back.

"Yeah. It's gonna come in handy when I'm looking for some yummy ants! I'll be able to find them by listening to their thoughts, and if they think about any tricks, I'll know!" Sniffles snickered while rubbing his paws together. "Wanna see it?" he offered.

"Boy, would I?" answered Nutty.

The two friends began walking toward Sniffles's house. "It's gonna be my greatest invention yet," giggled Sniffles.

"I wouldn't doubt it," said Nutty.

Nutty looked around as he walked next to Sniffles. His eyes moved from a vending machine, to a fire hydrant, to a man hole cover, to a lamp post, to the window of a store, to a poster on a pole with a picture of a missing dog and a phone number printed under it, and finally, up at the sky. A cloud caught his attention. This particular cloud seemed whiter than all of the others, and it also looked the fluffiest. It would have been nice to rest on it in the sky if possible. The cloud reminded him of a certain someone. Someone with wool. And a bow. And a friendly personality. Her name was Lammy. She was a sheep, and she was the newest citizen of this town. Lammy was Nutty's friend for couple of months now. He and she have grown close over time. Something interesting about her was the way she spoke. Well, she almost spoke normally. But whenever she came to a word with an "a" sound like in the word "bat", or the other "a" sound in the word "snake", or an "o" in the word "rock", she would bleat the vowels like the sheep she was.

Nutty smiled as he thought about Lammy, absently walking. When she had candy, chocolate, or a sweet pastry, she would share some with him. Sometimes she even got sweet foods JUST for him. But that wasn't all he liked about her. She was really nice, and pleasant to be around. He liked the way she dressed too, and the way she smiled, and honestly, he also liked that she bleated her a's and o's. He thought Lammy was wonderful. Funny, Nutty says "wonderful", but Lammy says "wo-o-o-o-o-o-o-onderful".

"NUTTY!" shouted the annoyed anteater walking next to him.

Nutty jumped and gave a brief scream. He quickly looked around. His eyes rested on Sniffles's. "Huh?" he said, coming back to Earth.

"I said your name five times already!" Sniffles said. "Anyway, like I said, the helmet is ALMOST done. It just needs a few changes here and there, that's all. Then it will be functional, and I'm gonna try it out. You can try it out too if you want. Would you like to?" offered Sniffles.

Nutty gasped. "Yeah!" he shouted with a smile.

"Cool," said Sniffles. He and Nutty were just two blocks away from Sniffles's house. Nutty resumed to his thoughts about Lammy. A smile formed on his lips once again. He wondered what she was doing right now. He also wondered what she was thinking about right at this very moment. Could she be thinking about him too? Speaking of Lammy...

Nutty quickly stopped staring into space as soon as he saw someone emerge from behind a building on the corner of the block that he and Sniffles were currently on. That someone was now walking toward them. This person carried a pickle. She halted as soon as she noticed them. Nutty's smile widened.

"Hey, Lammy!" he called happily.

Lammy returned the smile. "Hi Nutty! Hi Sniffles!" she called. She waved to them before jogging over to them.

When she approached them, Sniffles said, "Hello, Lammy. How are you doing?"

"I'm grea-a-a-a-a-at. Tha-a-a-a-a-a-a-ank you." Lammy answered.

Nutty beamed at the way she bleated. It was so unique.

"Nutty and I are on our way to my house. I'm showing him a cool invention that I'm almost done with." Sniffles told Lammy. "It's called the Telepathy Helmet. Would you like to come with us?"

"I'd lo-o-o-o-o-ove to." said Lammy.

She started walking with them. Sniffles was on Nutty's left, and Lammy was on his right. Nutty kept looking over at Lammy. Whenever he did this, she would look back, and he would look somewhere else quickly. Nutty looked at her again when she was focusing on the pickle that she carried. He stared at her while wearing a dreamy smile. Her eyes were fixed on the pickle. Then Nutty looked at the pickle too. He wondered why the pickle was so important to her. Time ago, she told him that its name was Mr. Pickels. Nutty was puzzled by this. He was curious about why Lammy had carried this fruit with her all the time, and how long she had been doing so. He remembered hearing Lammy say that "he" was her best friend, and that "he" was closer to him than anyone else was. This bothered him. Nutty found it quite odd that Lammy always had this pickle. But the oddness of it wasn't what bothered him. It was something else. Something that angered him, but he didn't know what it was.

"We're here," announced Sniffles when they all finally got to his house. Sniffles led Nutty and Lammy to the room where his helmet was. The helmet sat on a wooden table. It had bolts, buttons, lights, and an antenna on the top. Sniffles walked over to where the helmet was. He removed two screws from it with a screwdriver. Then he removed cover of a small opening in the helmet. He used a tweezer-like tool to remove a microchip. He turned his back to the other two, making the adjustments that he needed. Nutty and Lammy just stood several yards behind him. Just like earlier, Nutty shot glances at Lammy, who stood on his left now. She left her pickle sitting on the floor, leaning against the wall behind her. Whenever he looked at her, she would look back, and he would look somewhere else quickly.

"I finished! Finally," called Sniffles. He turned around and faced Nutty and Lammy. He stepped to the side and gestured at the helmet on the table. "Lady and gentleman," announced the light blue anteater. "I give you... the Telepathy Helmet!"

Lammy looked at the now completed helmet. She gasped. "Wow. That looks neat. It must ha-a-a-a-a-ave took you a lo-o-o-o-o-o-ong time to build it," she told him.

Sniffles grinned. "Actually, it only took me three days." he informed.

Lammy widened her eyes. "Wha-a-a-a-a-at? Are you sure? Tha-a-a-a-a-at doesn't look like it took only three da-a-a-a-a-a-ays," Lammy said surprised.

"Looks can be decieving," replied Sniffles. "So... who wants to be the first to try it out?" He glanced at Lammy, and then to Nutty. "Hmm?" said Sniffles.

>