

"Hey there!" greeted Lifty.

"Did ya miss us?" greeted Shifty.

Nutty looked at Lifty, and then at Shifty, who stood right next to each other. "Oh, it's
you
guys," he said.

"That's right," confirmed Lifty.

"Good ol'
us
guys," added Shifty.

"Yup," said Lifty. "Say, what brings you to this store on such a fine day?"

Nutty answered, "Well, I came here to pick up some syrup, 'cause I'm having pancakes at my house. So I went to the supermarket to get some, but it was a wreck and an attack happened there yesterday, and there was yellow police tape around it. So, since I was too unhappy to run, I took the bus here because there's syrup here too, only this store doesn't have the good kind like at the supermarket. But getting the syrup from here is better than getting none at all. Eating pancakes without syrup is madness. So... yeah, that's why I'm here."

Lifty and Shifty glanced at each other for a second, and looked back at the light green squirrel.

"We see..." said Shifty. "So you lack syrup."

"Yes," confirmed Nutty, looking at his right wrist as if there was a watch there. "And I need to get some while it's still early enough for the pancakes to be considered breakfast." He turned and ran, on his way to the entrance of the small gas station store. "I'll be right back."

He only ran several steps before feeling a paw grab his right shoulder from behind.

"Whoa, whoa, whoa! Hold on there, speedy," Shifty told him.

Nutty halted and turned around, facing Shifty, who used his left paw to stop him. Shifty withdrew his paw.

"Yeah, there's no need to rush to that ol' store.
We
have what you're looking for," added Lifty.

Nutty's eyes became round, and he looked at Lifty. "You do?" he asked.

"You bet," answered Lifty. "In fact, we've got
lots
of it! Just wait here a bit, and I'll go get some for y-"

"Show me where it is!" interrupted Nutty, zooming next to Lifty.

Lifty looked at him, looking a bit surprised. "Wow," he commented. "Ya just can't wait, can ya?"

"Bring me to the syrup!" ordered Nutty, loudly. "Now!"

"...O-okay! Man..." said Lifty. He began walking toward the truck that he and his twin owned. Shifty remained at his spot, with his paws behind his back, waiting.

Lifty opened up the back of the truck. There were all sorts of gems, jewelry, clothing, furniture, and even a few stolen pets: a kitten, a puppy, and a bird in a cage. In addition, there were lots of grocery items too. Lifty walked to a corner of the loaded section of the truck and reached into a large cardboard box. He removed four plastic bottles of syrup from it. Each bottle contained one liter of syrup. He scooped them up and gave them to Nutty, who swiftly took them. It was the brand that Nutty wanted. While carrying the bottles, Nutty hopped out of the truck, laughing.

"Wowee!" exclaimed Nutty. "You have the
best
kind right here, the one that I was looking for!"

"That'll be sixty bucks, please," said Lifty, holding out his right paw.

Shifty, who heard Lifty say that from the distance, objected to Lifty taking the money. "Oh, no, you don't!" he called. "All the cash is goin' to the hat, remember?"

"It was worth a try," grumbled Lifty. So Nutty dashed to the other twin.

Before Shifty knew it, Nutty was right in front of him. Using his left arm to support the bottles, he used his right paw to reach into a pocket, which was in his fur, strangely. From it, he withdrew some several dollar bills. Using only the digits on his right paw, Nutty looked through the dollars.

"Uh, I don't think I have sixty dollars," he told the raccoons with a frown.

Shifty snatched the small bundle of cash from Nutty. "That's all right," he said. "The syrup costs whatever amount of money you got here." Shifty brandished the dollars. He slipped them under his fedora.

Nutty smiled. "Great!" he said. "Then... I guess I'll see you fellas later. Thanks a lot!" He turned around, but then the twins stepped in front of him.

"We think right now would be a good time to see us," said Shifty, grinning.

"There's a little sum'm we'd like you to do for us," said Lifty, grinning just like Shifty.

Nutty smiled again at them. "Oh, okay. Sure. You
did
give me my much-needed syrup. What do you need me to do?"

Lifty and Shifty snickered.

Lifty told him,"Oh, it's a simple favor. Just wait right here. I'll be right ba-"

"I got 'em right here," interrupted Shifty, reaching under his hat and pulling out the plastic bag with bon bons. Lifty stopped and turned back, to his brother.

"You had those with you already?" asked Lifty, round-eyed.

Not answering Lifty, Shifty reached into the bag and pulled out one small white paper cup with a bon bon in it.

He held it out to Nutty and said to him, "See this?"

Nutty squinted at the chocolaty treat. "I do," he answered.

"Good," said Shifty. "Now we need you to taste it." He handed the bon bon to Nutty, who took it. The squirrel looked down at the bon bon in his right paw, and then up at the hatted raccoon. Lifty walked up next to his twin, standing on his left. The two faced Nutty. Shifty nodded his head at the bon bon. Lifty horizontally moved his up-faced paw, as if saying "Bon appetite".

Nutty shrugged, removed the bon bon from the paper cup, and tossed it up in the air. He opened his mouth and threw back his head. He caught the bon bon in his mouth.

He loved the chocolate. "MMM HMM HMM HMM HMM! YUM!" he exclaimed. "CHOCOLATY!"

Lifty and Shifty chuckled. "That's not all," Lifty told the squirrel. "There's more to it."

"MMM HMM HMM HMM! HA HA HA!" laughed the squirrel. "VANILLA-Y!"

"Keep chewing," said Shifty.

Nutty loudly laughed. "BUTTERCREAMY! HA HA HA HA!"

Both of the raccoon twins had their elbows bent, with fists formed in anticipation. "Wait for it!" Shifty told Lifty.

The squirrel made it to the part of the bon bon with the hard sugar ball. Nutty felt it. He crushed it with his teeth and tasted it...

His pupils dilated and his tail shot straight up simultaneously.

The raccoon twins saw that. They froze.

Nutty started to vibrate in place, making faster movements that of a jackhammer.

The raccoons' eyes went wide.

Nutty giggled, with his giggling getting higher and higher and higher pitched.

Lifty and Shifty backed away.

"Whoa," said Shifty.

"...You all right, buddy?" Lifty asked Nutty.

Nutty giggled and giggled, and shook and shook, with his eye pupils huge.

The twins looked scared. They started to regret giving him the bon bon, fearing what would happen next.

Different parts of Nutty's body twitched, his eyes, his ears, his neck, his hips, his paws, his feet, his arms, his legs, and his tail.

"Oh my," said Shifty.

"Should we help him or leave?" asked Lifty.

"I d-don't know," answered Shifty.

Nutty's grin went wide. "Hee hee HEEEEEEEEEE!" he giggled in a
very
high voice. He dropped the white paper cup and the syrup bottles.

The squirrels legs suddenly moved as if he was running, however, he wasn't going anywhere. His legs went up and around, and around in circles, going faster than the blades of an electric fan would spin. Then, ever so slowly, he moved backward.

"What's happening?!" shouted Lifty.

"I don't know?!" Shifty shouted back.

Nutty moved back a few more feet. Then, with bullet-like speed, Nutty zoomed right through the space between Lifty and Shifty, with the wind behind him fiercely pushing them.

"AAAAAH!" yelled the twins at the same time, flying back ten feet. They ended up landing on their bottoms, fifteen feet apart from each other.

Nutty's tail rippled rapidly behind him as he sped around in a huge circle, one that had a diameter of ninety-four feet. He raced around the gas station. After running in that circle a little over twenty times, Nutty broke his circle and dashed around on the road in front of the gas station, just barely hitting any cars. He zigzagged back and forth between the gas station's two unoccupied sections. Then he sped to the gas station store, but didn't go inside it. Instead, he ran along the outside of its walls, sprinting
horizontally
around on it. As he was doing this, he was moving upward. He sped to the roof and ran in a circle. By the sidewalk, there stood a tall sign with words on it that read,
GASOLINE.
It stood around thirty feet away from where Nutty was. However, with his extreme momentum, Nutty leaped far off of the roof and clung onto the gas station sign. Then he horizontally ran down around the sign. If he was to leave a red line behind him wherever he ran, the sign would have had a candy cane pattern.

The raccoon twins were sitting on the ground, watching as he did all off that, while stunned, bewildered, and impressed. The two got up and walked toward each other, with their eyes, still on the sprinting, hyperactive rodent. Once the two raccoons got within three feet of each other, Nutty zoomed up to them and froze in front of them, startling them.

"Whatwasthat!?" Nutty demanded quickly.

Lifty and Shifty didn't understand what he asked, since he said it so fast. They paused in silence.

"P-pardon?" asked Lifty.

"WHAT-WAS-THAT?!" Nutty repeated, sounding somewhat fierce, vibrating in place.

"Oh, uh... th-the thing we just gave you? We-we... honestly don't know... to be honest," said Lifty.

"WHAT?" said Nutty. "Howcanyougivemesomethingifyoudon'tknowwhatitis? Areyoucrazy? Youjustgaveittomewithoutknowingwhatitwas? You'recrazy!"

"Well," explained Shifty, "W-we got it at a g-grocery store last night, and we wanted t-to know if you'd l-like it...
do
you like it?"

"LIKE IT? You'rekiddingright? You
gotta
bekidding! DoIlikeit? HAHA! DoIlooklikesomekindafooltoyou? Idon't
like
it! ILOVEIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT!" Nutty extended the word "it" at the end of his last rushed sentence, and he sped around the gas station a few times and came back.

"We don't know what they're
officially
called," said Lifty. "But for now, we're just callin' 'em 'bon bons'."

"Bonbons? Bonbons! Igottahavemorebonbons! Bonbonsbonbonsbonbons! ME-NEEDS-MORE!" Nutty shouted as he ran around Lifty and Shifty in circles. He ran so fast that it looked like a there was a light green circle surrounding the raccoons.

"Whoa!" said the raccoons as they were lifted into the air by a tornado that Nutty made from running around them.

"There's more in here!" yelled Shifty, who raised the plastic bag in his right paw, floating in the air with Lifty. His hat slowly came off his head, and the dollars that Nutty just gave him were hovering between his head and his hat. This made Nutty stop, facing them. He still continued to vibrate in one spot, though. The raccoons floated back down to the ground. The money and the fedora fell back onto Shifty's head.

"GIMMEGIMMEGIMME!" the squirrel barked.

"Ah ah ah," said Shifty, shaking his head and holding the plastic bag back. However, the bag was snatched from his right paw. It appeared to have just
vanished,
in the blink of an eye. Shifty didn't notice, but Lifty did. Lifty's mouth became like an "o" as he quickly glanced from Shifty's empty paw to the squirrel, back and forth.

"Before we can give ya the rest," said Shifty, "ya need to pay up..." (Shifty just noticed that he was no longer holding the bag. He looked up at Nutty.) "...first."

Nutty was the one holding the bag now. He gripped the bottom of the bag with one paw emptied the other fifteen bon bons into his mouth. Lifty and Shifty had their jaws dropped as they stared at him. When the bag was empty, Nutty tossed it away, and it floated to the ground. There was chocolate smudged around the squirrel's mouth. He belched, and a few empty small white paper cups flew out. He vibrated in place again, very rapidly. His feet repeated the movement that made them spin up and around like an electric fan. He backed up a little, and
ZOOM.
Together, the raccoon brothers were sent flying back
twenty
feet apart. Nutty sprinted in a one hundred diameter circle around the gas station, almost invisible.

While he was doing this, Lifty and Shifty stood up, walked to each other, and exchanged glances. Their shocked faces returned to their mischievous, grinning form. The two snickered.

"I can't believe it!" said Shifty.

"I know!" agreed Lifty. "Look at this guy!" Lifty tried to point at Nutty, but the squirrel was too fast. "He's completely bananas!"

"Hee hee," chuckled Shifty. "More like
nuts!
'Cause he's a squirrel!" The twins snickered again. "He actually likes that garbage!" the hatted raccoon said.

Suddenly, Nutty froze some hundred feet away. In a second, Nutty was back with the raccoons, standing in front of them. He looked angry.

"What-did-you-say?" he growled.

Lifty and Shifty looked alarmed. "Huh?" they said at the same time.

"Don'tactlikeyoudidn'thearyourself! Iheardyou! Iheardwhatyousaid!" shouted Nutty.

Lifty and Shifty glanced at each other.

"You mean about us calling you 'nuts'?" asked Lifty. "Oh, we-we're... s-s... we're sorr-"

"Youcalledthebonbonsgarbage! Howdareyou! BonbonsareNOTgarbage! Bonbonsareagloriousgiftfromheaven! They'refitforGodtoeat! Youtakebackyoursinfulwordsnow!" ordered the hyperactive squirrel.

"Ok-kay," stuttered Shifty. "The bon bons are... NOT garbage...?"

Nutty stopped vibrating in place for second. He smiled. "Good," he said. "BONBONS!" Then he went back to speeding around in his huge circle, laughing.

Lifty and Shifty looked at each other again. "All right, he loves the stuff," whispered Shifty. "That means we gotta go back to the grocery store to get all of the boxes of bon bons. Then we'll sell
those
to him."

"Yeah, and he's probably gonna buy a
lot!"
Lifty whispered back. "We'll make a fortune!" Snickers came out of the thieving duo. Nutty rushed back in front of them.

"Wasthatall?" he asked them. "Isthatreallyallyouhave? Istheremoresomewhere?"

"Yes, we don't ha-" began Lifty. Nutty dashed to the raccoons' truck. He sped around inside of it and took a second to search for the bon bons. Then he returned to the twins.

"Icouldn'tfindanymoreinyourbigtruckoverthere. WherecanIgetmore? Tellme!" demanded Nutty.

Lifty and Shifty exchanged glances.

Lifty raised a pointer. He asked the squirrel, "Uh, can you run around again for a minute?"

"Okay!" answered Nutty, obeying. He returned to his speed giant speed circle.

Lifty turned to Shifty. He asked him, "What do we tell him?"

"Well, let's not tell him
where
we got the bon bons," answered Shifty. "He might end up buying a lot of 'em at the grocery store instead of
us."


"You gotta point there," said Lifty, looking down, putting one of his paws on his chin, thinking. "And he's our best customer... Why don't we just tell him that...
we
made it ourselves? And that if he ever sees more in that store, or other stores, those aren't the real ones? And that only
we
have the original good kind?"

"...Yeah! That's brilliant!" agreed Shifty, approving of his brother's plan. "He
is
pretty gullible!" Shifty half-smiled at Lifty and told him, "Ya know, for a moron, you're pretty smart."

Lifty smiled, pleased. "Thanks! Wait..." he said. He remembered the "moron" part. "Hey!"

"Oh, squirrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrel!" called Shifty to Nutty, cupping his paws around his mouth.

Nutty dashed back to where the twins were in no time. "Yeah?" he answered, still rumbling in place.

"Listen, uh, about the bon bons..." began Shifty.

"Thebonbons? Yes? What
about
thebonbons?! BONBONS! Heeheehee!" asked Nutty, with his head suddenly jerking, and the pupil of his lazy eye bouncing wildly in all directions.

"You can only get them from... well, from us," continued Lifty.
"We
were the ones who made them."

Nutty gasped and froze. He silently stared at the twins. His eyes darted from one twin to the other, back and forth. "You..." he asked, "you... guys...
made
... the bon bons?"

"That's right," lied Shifty.

Nutty dropped to his knees. He said to them, "Youtwo... arethegreatestpeopleonEarth. I amforevergratefulforyourmarvelouscreation. Bothofyoushallbeblessed," as he stretched his arms straight up and bowed all the way to the ground in a worshiping position. Then he quickly jumped up, giggled maniacally, and sprinted to the raccoons. "Whah!" Lifty and Shifty yelped. Nutty scooped both of them up with his arms and embraced them, holding them in the air.

"Thankyouthankyouthankyou! Thankyou
so
much! Youguysaregeniuses!" thanked Nutty, shaking them around while hugging them too tightly.

"Yeah, yeah, you're welcome!" yelled Lifty, struggling to break free.

"Now could ya let us go? You're squeezin' the life out of us!" yelled Shifty, also struggling.

Nutty dropped them both and stepped back, smiling with his eyes wide.

Lifty and Shifty panted, catching their breath after that death grip.

"If... you see bon bons... being sold anywhere... like in stores..." panted Lifty.

"They're not the real ones," continued Shifty. "They're just... made from a bunch o' copycats... tryin' to pass 'em off as the original."

"But only
we
have the original," finished Lifty.

Nutty rumbled again. He asked them, "Whenwillyoumakemore? Huh? Huh? Huh? WHEN?!"

"Umm..." said Lifty.

"Uhh..." said Shifty.

"We'll have more bon bons for you... er- tomorrow!" announced Lifty.

"Yeah, tomorrow!" agreed Shifty. "We'll have
loads
of 'em for ya!"

Nutty grinned. "Okay!" he said. He waved at them. "See ya!" He zoomed far south, away from the raccoons.

Lifty looked over to the four syrup bottles that Nutty dropped, which were some twenty feet away from him and his brother. "He forgot his syrup!" he said loudly.

"WHOOPS!" Nutty called from a long distance. He zoomed right back and scooped up the syrup. "Almostforgotthese!" he said. Then he zoomed back. "THANKS AGAAAAAAAAAAAAIN!" he called, lengthening the word "again".

Shifty glowered. "He forgot to pay for the bon bons!" he barked.

Nutty returned with some cash that he got from his house just now. He threw a bunch of dollars and coins at Lifty and Shifty's faces. The money hit their faces and then scattered on the ground. Then Nutty sped back away.

Lifty and Shifty snickered, grinning.

"We're gonna be rich!" cheered Lifty.

"Oh yeah!" cheered Shifty, throwing up his fists.

"High four!" shouted Lifty.

The brothers slapped each other's paws up high.


Nutty was back in his house, in his kitchen. He remembered the pancake on the ceiling, and he looked up, expecting to find it. It wasn't there. It fell on top of the other four pancakes, but Nutty didn't see that.

"Whatthe... where'sthepancake? TheoneIthrewupontheceiling? Whereisit? Wherediditgo?" he asked himself rapidly. He madly looked around the ceiling, and then dashed around the whole kitchen, searching for the fifth pancake. He checked the stove. He checked the cupboards. Then he rushed to the refrigerator and looked inside it. The pancake wasn't there. So he closed the refrigerator and lifted it up with his paws, scanning the space under it. Then he dropped it.
THUD.
He went by the chair with the plate of pancakes.

"Wheretheheckisit? Itwasrightupthere!" cried Nutty, pointing at the spot on the ceiling that had the pancake. "Diditdisappear? Didaghosttakeit? Didtheceilingeatit?" Nutty gasped. "You..." he hissed to the ceiling. The ceiling didn't respond. "You... ate... my pancake!" accused Nutty. "Howcouldyoueatmypancake? Ididn'tgiveyoupermissiontodothat! ThatpancakewasMINE! MIIIIIIIIIINE! Thepancakewasn'tYOURS! Itdidn'thaveyournameonit! Wellitdidn'thave
my
nameoniteither! Butitwasmine! Youeatyour
own
pancakes!" Nutty threw a fork at the ceiling. The points of the fork kept it up there. "BADceiling! Iwasplanningonhaving
five
pancakesthismorning! Five! Notfour! Five!" (Nutty rushed to his pancakes and used a thumb to flip through them.) "One-two-three-four-five! Thatwasfourpancakesonmyplate! Youtookthefifthonethatwassupposedtobe
mi-"


Nutty just realized something. He counted five pancakes, instead of four. He looked at the pancakes, and then up at the ceiling. He grinned embarrassedly at it.

"Oh. You
didn't
eatmypancake. Anditwasright
here
allalong. It...justfell,didn'tit?" said Nutty. The ceiling was silent, of course. "Iguessthatwasboundtohappen. Isn'tgravityabeautifulthing? Hehheh." Nutty sat down. "Sorry,ceiling. Ishouldn'thaveaccusedyouofdoingsuchathing. Youstillloveme,right?" Silence. "Sogladyoucouldforgiveme... I'mgonnaeatupnow." Nutty quickly poured on lots of syrup; it overflowed the white china plate with pancakes and spread to the table. Then he gobbled up the pancakes without using a fork, or any other silverware. He held the plate to his face and ate without manners.

When he was finished, he removed his paws from his face. The plate stuck onto his face, due to the sticky syrup. It slowly fell off of his face, with strings of syrup forming and stretching. The strings broke and the plate landed on the kitchen table. "WhatdoIdonow? WhatdoIdonow? I'vealreadyhadmybreakfast! ShouldIgotakeawalk? Nah,Ididthatyesterday. MaybeIshouldhangoutwithsomeone! LikeSniffles! OrHandy! OrDiscoBear! OrFlaky! OrmaybeRussell! OrpossiblyMime! HowaboutMole? Or..."

Nutty paused. "Lammy... no... thatwouldbeawkward. I'veneverwenttoherhousetoaskherifshewantedtohangout. Oratleast,notbymyself. Snifflesalwayscamewithme. AndwheneverI
did
gotoherhousetotalktoher,itwastoaskifIcouldborrowsomethingfromher,orifshe'sseenanythingI'velost,orsomethinglikethat..." Nutty fidgeted with his paw digits. "IthinkI'llgoseeSniffles." Nutty zipped out of his house, creating a wind behind him that blew everything on the kitchen table off, including the tablecloth. The kitchen cupboard covers flew open.


Sniffles was sitting on his living room couch, inserting a screw into some sort of golden-colored gadget, using a screwdriver. He heard the doorbell ring once. He got up and walked to the front door, but before he could get to it, the doorbell rung again and continued ringing again rapidly.

"I'm coming!" yelled Sniffles. "Sheesh." He opened the door and found Nutty standing in front of him, vibrating in place. Sniffles complained to him, "Nutty, you're gonna break my doorbell!"

"HeeheeHEEheeheehee!" laughed Nutty.

Sniffles's scowl disappeared. He put on a puzzled face. He blinked twice. He said back, "Hello... Nutty..."

"Heya,Sniffles!" greeted Nutty. "Howareyou?"

Sniffles began, "...I'm-"

"That'sgoodtohear!" replied Nutty. "WannaknowhowIam? I'mfeelingFANTASTIC! HEEHEEHEE!"

Sniffles paused for a bit. "Wait a second," he said, glaring a little. "Nutty, I've told you time and time again. Lay off the coffee."

"Coffee?" said Nutty. "Butthathelpsmewakeup. EverymorningIgroundupsomejellybeans,addsomemilk,andBOOM! I'mreadytostarttheday!"

"Jelly beans?" repeated Sniffles. "You grind up jelly beans, but not...
actual
coffee beans?"

"Coffeebeans? Bleck! Thatstuff'snasty. IneveruseTHAT."

"Hmm, what did you have for breakfast this morning?"

"Pancakes!"

"Pancakes? Really? I've seen you eat pancakes, and they never got you
this
pumped up. Then... why are you... like this?"

"Whatdoyoumean?" asked Nutty.

"What do I
mean?"
repeated Sniffles. "Look at yourself! You're shakier than usual, you're twitching a lot, and-"

"Shakier?Twitching?Whatareyoutalkingabout?"

"...and you're talking way too fast."

"I'mtalkingwaytoofast?
You're
talkingwaytoo
slow!"


"..."

"It'slikeyou'reinslowmotionorsomething."

"..."

"Hey,what'sthatoverthere?" Nutty sped over to Sniffles's small living room table that stood in front of his couch. The gadget the Sniffles was working on was on it. It appeared to be some sort of ray gun. "Thisthingrighthere! Whatisit? It'ssofunky-looking! Whatisit?"

"...Oh, that?" replied Sniffles. "That's my... I call it the Amnesia Ray."

"Ooh! That'sacoolname! What'samnesiathough?" asked Nutty.

"It's a condition in which memory is lost. It's commonly caused by brain damage, but it can also be caused by stroke, stress, or traumatic events."

"Oh... sodoesthatmeanthisraygunhasamnesia?"

"No...
whoever I zap
with it will get amnesia."

"Ohhh. Whydoyouwannagivepeopleanmesia?"

"Well, I think that the Amnesia Ray would be useful against enemies. Also, I want it to be able to erase
specific
memories. Like, if there's something that I would like to forget, I could just use the Ray to make me forget it. Or, if I embarrass myself in front of people, I could use it to make them forget what I did, and it will be as if it never happened! I wasn't sure if I should call it the Amnesia Ray or the Memory Eraser, so I'm just going with Amnesia Ray for now. What do you think I should call it?"

"IvoteAmnesiaRay! Itsoundscooler," decided Nutty.

"Amnesia Ray? Huh. All right. Then it shall be called the Amnesia Ray." replied Sniffles.

"Yay!" said Nutty. "Areyoudonemakingit? Huh? Huh? Areya? Doesitworknow? Iwannaseeitwork! Makeitwork!"

Sniffles picked up the Amnesia Ray and examined it. "You know what? I think it's done now." He squinted at it.

"Great!" said Nutty, snatching the Ray from Sniffles. "Iwannatestitonyou."

Sniffles began, "No, no, WAIT! Don't-" Nutty pulled the trigger on the Amnesia Ray. Out of it's muzzle, a bright wave of red light shot out of it, swiftly washing over Sniffles. It was gone after only a second. Sniffles didn't finish his sentence.

He looked at Nutty. He slightly squinted. He scratched his head and asked, "...Was I saying something?"

Nutty answered, "Yes. Youtoldmetowaitbeforezappingyou,butyoutalkedtooslow,andIgottiredofwaiting,andIhadtoseewhattheAmnesiaRaycoulddo. ButIthinkitworks! 'Causeyouforgotwhatyouweresaying."

"Oh, yeah, I just finished making that," said Sniffles. Then he suddenly glowered at Nutty. "Wait, hey!" he shouted. "You used it on me! I'm pretty sure I didn't say you could do that! Give it back!" Sniffles angrily snatched the Ray back.

Nutty made a sad face. "Sorry," he said.

Sniffles sighed. "It's all right, I guess," he replied. "At least it only erased a few seconds of my memory." He examined the Ray some more. "There's a knob here that indicates how much memory you'll erase. The further to the right you turn it, which is clockwise, the more memory you'll erase. The further the other way, the less you'll erase." Sniffles pointed at a small yellow knob. Around it, there were markings, like a clock or a lock that required a combination. There were numbers by some of the marks, and they were all multiples of 5. The highest number was 100. "You can also set the Ray to seconds, minutes, hours, days, weeks, months, and even
years."
Sniffles pointed at a small column of orange rectangular buttons next to the knob. There were seven buttons in the column. The top button read,
Seconds.
The bottom button read,
Years.
The
Seconds
button was glowing. "The button that says
Seconds
is glowing, so that means that the Amnesia Ray is set to seconds."

"Whooooa. That'sprettyimpressive."

"Thanks. Hmm. I wonder it can remove any random specific memories yet. It would be better to test it on someone
other
than myself, just to be safe." Sniffles looked at Nutty. "Nutty, is there anything you'd like to forget permanently, or anything you don't care about remembering, or something?"

Nutty pondered. "Hmmmmmmmmm..." he gasped. "Iknow! Iremembergoingtoafair,andtherewasthisguyrollingacottoncandymachine. Isawit,andIwantedsomecotton-"

"Whoa, whoa, whoa," said Sniffles, making a gesture with his paws that meant, "Slow down". He told Nutty, "Hold on. I
barely
got any of that. Could you repeat it, a little slower this time?"

"Okay," said Nutty. Then he spoke a bit slower, "Isaid, Iremembergoingtoafairandtherewasthis-"

"Slower!" said Sniffles..

Nutty sighed and spoke even slower, "IwenttoafaironetimeandIsawaguyrollinga-"

"Wait here," ordered Sniffles, walking into his kitchen, and opening a cupboard. There was a bunch of jars with unidentifiable chemicals and solid substances. Among these was a jar full of baby blue pills. A label on the jar read,
Tranquil Pills.
Sniffles opened the jar and took out one of the pills. He placed the jar back and walked away with the pill. He brought it with him back to the living room where Nutty was, also bringing a glass of water. "All right, Nutty, take this," he told the squirrel, holding up the small pill.

Nutty widened his eyes at the pills and grimaced. "No,no!" he whined. "Notthepills! Theytastebad!"

Sniffles replied, "Come on, just swallow it. You've done it before, a bunch of times. And you really need to chill out."

"Iwillnottakeit!" protested Nutty.

"You need it. It's gonna calm you down."

"Idon'tcare! Iwont'ttakeit!"

"Yes you hwill," Sniffles said back, putting an "h" sound in the word "will".

"Getthatawayfromme!" yelled Nutty, as Sniffles walked closer to him with the pill.

"Stop being like that," said Sniffles, rolling his eyes.

"NO!" shouted Nutty, He bolted out the front door, becoming a blur with his speed.

Sniffles walked out the door and stood by it. He called to Nutty, "Nutty, take the Tranquil Pill!"

Nutty dashed back, to where Sniffles was and pointed at him. "NNNNO!" he shouted. Right after that, he dashed away again.

"But this one's gumdrop flavored!" called Sniffles.

Nutty zoomed back to him. "Really?" he asked, with his tail straight up in the air.

"Yup," said Sniffles.
"Grape
gumdrop flavored," he added, raising his eyebrows once.

"OOOhoohoohoohoohoo!" laughed Nutty. "Gimme!" He snatched the pill from Sniffles's paw and wolfed it down. Instead of just swallowing it, he chewed it. He grimaced again.

"Mmrf! Yuck!" he said. Before he could spit it out, Sniffles walked over to him and stuffed the glass cup of water into his mouth, forcing him to drink it. Nutty drank the water, washing down the pill.
Gulp, gulp, gulp.
When the cup was empty, Sniffles pulled it back.

Nutty scowled at Sniffles. "Yousaiditwasgrapegumdropflavored!" he growled.

Sniffles smiled smugly. "I know," he said. "I lied."

Nutty stomped one of his feet and glared at the ground. "Darnit! Thatgetsme
every
time!" he muttered.

Sniffles smiled. "Feeling calm yet?" he asked.

"No!" shouted Nutty. "Youmademeeatoneofthoseyuckythings! I'mnotcalm! I'mmad! Ihatethose...TrainPills-ImeanTankPills-ImeanTacoPills-Imean-"

"They're called 'Tranquil Pills', Nutty," corrected Sniffles. "And you
shouldn't
be mad. I was helping you."

"Helpingme?!" yelled Nutty. "Oh,yeah. Helpingmeeattheworld'smostdisgustingestpill! You'resuchajerk! Acold,mean,lying,jerky
jerk!
IfIhadIdollarforhowmuchofajerkyouare, I'dhave... a lot of dollars!"

Sniffles's eyes widened, and he smiled. "Hey," he said, "I think you're talking at normal speed again!"

Nutty tilted his head. He replied, "Huh? Normal speed? What are you-" He stopped and touched his mouth with one of his paws. Then he removed the paw and looked at Sniffles. "What the... why am I suddenly talking a lot slower?"

"That's just the magic of the Tranquil Pill, my friend," replied Sniffles. "Well, actually, there's nothing magical about them. More like... science."

Nutty slouched his back and, lowered his tail, and put on a relaxed face. "Wow," he said. "I'm feeling
really
calm right now. Like... I don't have a care in the world." His tail slowly swooshed as he said this.

"That's nice. So... is there a memory you'd like for me to erase?" asked Sniffles, walking inside his house to get his Amnesia Ray.

Nutty followed and answered, "Hmm... oh yeah! What I was trying to tell you, was that in September, I went to a fair. And in that fair, there was a guy going around, rolling a cotton candy cart. I saw the cart, and I got so happy, because I love cotton candy! So I went up to him, and asked for one. But then he looked at me and shook his head. He told me, 'Sorry, but the cotton candy maker's broken. I can't make any cotton candy for you if it won't work.' Then I felt sad. I was so in the mood for some cotton candy, and I didn't get to have any. I get cotton candy every time I go to a fair. Every single time! Except that one! So my day got ruined."

"Okay," replied Sniffles. "I... suppose that is rather sad." He pressed a green square button on the Amnesia Ray. There was a little opening on the back of the Ray. A small, grey microphone popped out of it. Sniffles tapped it to see if it was on. It
sounded
like it was on, so he spoke into it.

"Hey, Nutty," he said into it. "Remember that time you wanted cotton candy from the cotton candy man in the fair? Last September?"

"Yeah, I just told you about it," answered Nutty.

"Well, that never happened. The cotton candy man never told you that the cotton candy machine was broken. In fact, you don't even remember even seeing him. And you don't remember even
wanting
cotton candy that time," said Sniffles into the microphone.

"...What? Yes I do! And it was horri-"

Sniffles pulled the trigger on the Amnesia Ray, which was pointed at Nutty. The microphone put itself away. A bright wave of red light blasted at Nutty, and vanished after a second. Nutty's face was blank. His eyes moved around in thought. Then he looked at Sniffles.

The anteater asked him, "...So, Nutty, can you recall going to the fair last September, and finding a cotton candy guy pushing a cotton candy cart, and asking him for some cotton candy, but he told he told you that he couldn't give you any because the cotton candy machine was broken, and... then your day got ruined?"

Nutty put on a puzzled face. "What?" he asked.

Sniffles sighed. "Do you remember going to the fair in September?"

The squirrel scratched his head and answered, "Yeah..."

"'Kay, do you recall walking around in it?"

"Yes..."

"And seeing a cotton candy man with a cotton candy cart?

Nutty looked up. "Ehh..." he squinted. "...No... I... don't think so...
did
I see one?"

"I don't know," replied Sniffles. "I wasn't with you. Do you remember ordering cotton candy from the man? And he told you that the machine was broken, so you didn't get any?"

Nutty thought hard. "No... no. I don't remember... at all..."

Sniffles gasped. He smiled triumphantly. "It... works!" he said. "The Amnesia Ray can erase any memory I pick!"

"It can?" asked Nutty. "How do you know that?"

"Because I used it on you! It's as if you never met the cotton candy man!"

"Ohh... what cotton candy man?"

"Heh heh heh. Exactly," chuckled Sniffles.

>