



Prologue



The storm continued to rage. Freezing rain pelted down upon the restless ocean as waves crashed across the jagged shoreline of a small uninhabited island. Powerful winds ripped through the dark clouds that covered the Orange Islands, shaking topical palm trees and causing wild Pokémon to scurry for cover. The Eon Pokemon flew across the top of the water, skimming the rolling waves with his jet-like wings. Latios focused his Psychic powers upon himself and enfolded his jet shaped body with a slick feathery down which caused himself to become invisible to the naked eye. The legendary Pokemon continued to shoot across the ocean at maximum speed, not wishing to waste any time.

In a matter of hours Latios crossed the entire ocean, far away from the normally calm waters of the Orange Islands and the bright lights of the large cities in Kanto. He knew he had reached his destination when a small island made entirely of stone began to creep up over the horizon. It was nearly dawn by the time Latios finally set foot on the island. Streaks of purple, red and orange seem to set fire to the still stormy sky. Latios shook out his feathery coat under the cover of a large pine tree and levitated towards a small cave burrowed into the face of the island's rocky surface. He ducked his head under the jagged stone ceiling above him and floated onward into a secret paradise hidden from the prying eyes of the world.

Latios levitated into an enormous forest, healthy and unpolluted. Green trees towered high above his head, colourful flowers dotting the pristine pathway towards the center of the forest. Flying slowly towards the clearing in the middle of the forest, Latios craned his neck to try to get a better look at the hulking, powder blue and purple mass sitting at the center of the clearing.

'
Well hey there serious!'


Latios jumped at the sound of the voice inside his head. The voice was bright and child-like and Latios instantly recognized who must be engaging him telepathically.

'
Mew',
Latios regarded the legendary Pokemon telepathically.

The large blue and purple Pokemon sitting in the clearing turned its head and Latios recognized it instantly.

'
And Suicune too'
Latios spoke telepathically to both Pokemon in the clearing.
'I didn't expect to meet you here as well'.


Out of the corner of his eye, Latios noticed a small, pink, cat-like Pokemon fly out from a small group of birch trees. Mew danced through the air, rolling in somersaults and flying upside down.


'So what's up Latios?'
Mew asked wistfully.
'I hope you have some good news for me'.



'Thankfully I do',
Latios responded.
'Though not everything has returned to normal I can assure you that all of three Birds have returned safely to their respective islands of residence. Lugia was forced to get involved in order to ensure their safety but the enemy has most certainly gone. The weather in the Orange Islands is still turbulent but it should pass soon, once Lugia and the Birds have rested and calmed a little'.



'Good, good I'm glad to hear it'
, Mew responded with an audible sigh of relief.
'And you are sure the enemy has cleared the area?'



'I am',
Latios replied confidently.
'I've been monitoring the area for the past thirty-six hours or so and there has been no sign of them. Their airship was severely damaged and they were forced to retreat, likely to their base of operations'.
Latios also let out an audible sigh.
'Unfortunately I had not reached the islands by the time they had left and none of the others were able to pursue them since they were still dealing with the aftermath of the attack. So we still have no leads on where to find them.'


Suicune made an audible frustrated grunting noise before addressing the other Legendary Pokemon telepathically.


'They command gigantic airships and no doubt are of a significant number and yet we still cannot find them'.
Suicune let out a low growl.
'It frustrates me so that they always remain several steps ahead of us'.



'Regardless, what has happened has happened'
, Mew cut in.
'It is best not to dwell on it and try to continue to move forward. Suicune, you have not even told Latios your news yet'.


Latios turned and directed his attention to Suicune who was now sitting up straighter and looking less upset than she had been a moment ago. Latios had been curious as to why Suicune had also come to speak with Mew, as he had not been expecting the Legendary Dog's presence.


'Yes Latios, I have become aware of some very interesting developments'.
Suicune's voice was now smooth and even and carried a touch of femininity.
'I have just come from Kanto. The fifth child has been born'.


Latios immediately perked up.
'The fifth child? Are you sure? How do you know this, Suicune?'



'I assure you, the fifth child has most definitely joined us. I could feel it in my very bones; I have been chosen to watch over this one. The child's power is immense; I have no doubt in my mind that it is the most powerful of the five so far, though I'm sure the other Guardian Pokemon would like to argue otherwise'.



'I see'
, Latios replied, taking in Suicune's words.
'That means roughly half of the children are now present. This certainly is promising for our side'.



'That may be'
, Mew began, its voice now level and serious.
'But nothing is assured, especially not this early in the grand scheme of things; these are still children no older than four. Remember, the enemy found out about those original few and made quick work of them, and they were all formidable men and women. It goes without saying then that these children will need our upmost protection. It is absolutely vital that we do not allow them be discovered'.


Mew's last sentence was spoken with the stern seriousness of a command rather than as just a statement and both Suicune and Latios nodded to Mew in understanding of its orders. After a moment of solemn silence Mew returned to its carefree floating about the forest, lazily rolling and twirling through the air.


'Latios how is your sister? Is she safe?'
Mew asked as it continued to fly amongst the trees.


'She has been holding up alright, though everything has been confusing for her
', Latios replied.
'She's still so young after all. Cresselia is still watching over her, they have found a safe haven hidden from the prying eyes of humans'.



'It's understandable, of course',
Mew replied.
'I certainly hope they are holding up alright'.


Suicune stepped up next to Latios. Latios nodded to the Aurora Pokemon and then turned towards the exit of the cavern and back into the outside world.


'Stay safe Mew'
, Suicune said quietly.
'I'll return to my watch over the new child and ensure it remains safe'.



'Please do'
, Mew replied approvingly.
'Remember, you two must stay safe as well so please don't be reckless. Now that there are more children are all among us we must be more vigilant than ever. Some of the others have expressed concern that the enemy may be beginning to suspect the presence of the children'.


Latios and Suicune both nodded solemnly and began to move towards the entrance of the cavern. They didn't speak, as both were heavily in deep thought. They reached the rocky surface of Faraway Island, stepping out into the light rain now falling upon the small island's treacherous shoreline which helped keep the island safe from human contact.


'Where are you off to now, Suicune?'
Latios asked.


'Back to Kanto of course'
, Suicune replied simply.
'I want to watch over this child and see how its powers develop'.



'So, Suicune'
, Latios started as the sun began to peek over the horizon.
'Do you really believe this new child is the most powerful of them all?'



'Of course'
, Suicune responded flatly.
'I have never been as convinced about anything in my life. I believe this child may be the one who will save us all'.


Before Latios could give any sort of reply Suicune swiftly jumped out into the ocean, using her Water abilities to land on her feet on top of the water's surface. The Aurora Pokemon glanced back at Latios once before turning and jumping across the ocean's surface towards the south.


'I certainly hope you're right'
, Latios thought to himself before spreading his blue wings and taking off from rocky surface of island, beginning his long flight back across the ocean towards the still stormy waters of the Orange Archipelago.



Author's Note: Alright, after much procrastinating and triple spell-checking I've finally decided to begin posting this story more than a year after I began writing. Please review and let me know what you think of the prologue- what did you like or dislike? What could I improve on in future chapters? Any and all constructive feedback is very much appreciated!



In the first real chapter of this story I'll be introducing my main protagonist and we'll get into the main storyline. Also, I am planning this story to be the first in four part series so my apologies if things progress kind of slowly- I'll do my very best to try to move the plot along at a reasonable pace and keep things interesting!



Till next chapter!



-Kingpredator125


>