

There is no excuse for my terribly slow updating skills. *Sigh* Thank you to everyone that has supported this story and me. I really appreciate every favorite/follow and of course review! Like I have said before I will not be abandoning any of my stories I will update them as I get the chance. I hate leaving things unfinished so I will finish them! Enjoy!


Chapter Fifteen

Lost in the Woods

"Master, the dwarf scum have fled into the realm of elves."

Azog looked down at the cowering orc before him with a sneer. "Then go get them."

"Master? We could cut them off on the other side of the forest…then we wouldn't-" Gurgling on the rest of his word the orc frantically clung to Azog's metal claw lifting him up by the throat, panic and terror flashing across his face.

The pale massive orc turned his attention to another of his underlings while slowly crushing the life out of the first one to address him. "Bring me my prizes. NOW!"


Gnarled overgrown roots stretched above the wooden path that seems endless as the splinters of darkening light breaking through the thick trees signaled another day's passing.

Bilbo's nerves danced on edge and he scolded himself for the silly feeling of dread that crept up on him since first entering Mirkwood. I mean honestly, it's only trees. Dark trees. Very dark and dying trees.

"It will be night soon. We should find a place to make camp." Thorin's sudden voice made Bilbo jump, prompting quiet laughter from Bofur traveling next to him.

Dwalin moved closer to his brother and Thorin. Knuckles white from his strong grip on his weapon, constantly scanning the company's surroundings. "Do ya think that's wise, Thorin?"

The dwarf king without a kingdom spared a glance at his longtime friend before returning his sight to his nephews who were scouting slightly ahead of the company. "We are all tired. It's been days since we've had a full night's rest, and as dangerous as Mirkwood is, we must regain our strength."

Dwalin sighed. "Better we be rid of this place then linger. Don't ya feel it? The wood. Where there should be life, there is only death and darkness."

"Noted, but we need rest." Thorin stated concisely.

Balin and Dwalin shared a knowing look but did not argue.

"Fili! Search for a good place to make camp and be quick about it."

It did not take long for the company of dwarves to find a place to settle down for a short while. Fili and Kili, having been oddly quiet throughout the trek, found a place away from most of the group to rest their sleeping rolls. Each of them worked on up-keeping their weapons silently, Fili sharpening all of his many blades and Kili constructing more arrows to add to his quiver, while the rest of the company gathered around the fire awaiting their evening meal.

Bilbo looked across the dancing flames at the young dwarf brothers and couldn't help but wonder what happened in Goblintown that he clearly missed. Since the beginning of this crazy journey Bilbo had never seen the two brothers seem so very distant. It was odd considering they were sitting next to one another, but to Bilbo's eyes they couldn't have been further apart. Making a swift decision Bilbo lifted his chin and marched over to Fili and Kili with every intention of finding out what was wrong.

"Hello there, Fili, Kili. My you Lot do have an impressive number of weapons. Ha!" The hobbit started nervously, ringing his hands as he spoke.

Fili and Kili looked up at the short burglar briefly, acknowledging him with a nod, before returning to their work.

Bilbo stood awkwardly in front of the brothers, slightly swinging his arms back and forth. "Right. Anyways, supper should be ready very soon. Looks like Bombur is making rabbit stew…again. I for one am starving. Not actually starving, but you know what I mean. I mean, I think you do."

Fili laughed, shaking his head in amusement. The fair-haired dwarf placed his newly sharpened knife down next the long line of throwing knives arranged neatly on his bed roll. The action made the dark pendant around his neck slip free from beneath his green undershirt. "Relax Bilbo, I think Kili and I can figure out what you mean. Is that all you wanted?"

"Yes! I just wanted to tell you both about the supper and its' almost readiness." The wavy-haired hobbit turned around to leave, losing his nerve, but stopped suddenly and turned back. "Oh and…what happened in Goblintown that seems to have set everyone on edge?"

"Why do you care?" Kili asked darkly, finally making eye contact with Bilbo.

Fili dropped his sharpening stone in shock. "Kili! That's not fair. Bilbo didn't anything to you."

Bilbo took a step back, feeling slightly hurt. "No it's alright, Fili."

Kili ignored Fili and continued to stare at Bilbo with hard eyes. "Why are you still here anyway? I thought you had plans to leave us?"

"Why does it matter? He stayed…he's here to help." Fili added calmly while retrieving his stone from the dirt.

"It matters to me. I want to know. Why did you come back?"

Bilbo realized then that they had captured the attention of the others in the company. "Look, I know what I said back in the cave. I know I gave you reason to doubt me, and you're right...I was going to leave." Bilbo's soft gaze was brought to Ori by a gasp of surprise, the young dwarf having not known of Bilbo's plan. The hobbit tried to send him a reassuring smile, but Ori glared in hurt and looked away.

Sighing the hobbit continued with resolve. "I often think of Bag End. I miss my books, and my armchair, and my garden. See, that's where I belong, that's home." His eyes connected first with Fili's then Kili's, seeing a sadness in their gaze. "That's why I came back...because you don't have one….a home. It was taken from you…but I will help you take it back if I can."

Everyone was looking at Bilbo in a variety of ways. Some looked on in awe of the bravery and kindness the small hobbit was exuding while others in a sort of sullen acceptance of the truth in his words. Kili and Fili locked eyes, having one of their many silently conversations that always fascinated Bilbo, before they sent their small friend a smile and a nod.

The brother's reaction was meant to reassure the hobbit, but the way neither smile reached Fili nor Kili's eyes only made to reaffirm that something was terribly wrong. Bilbo had every intention of pointing that fact out had Thorin's commanding voice not rung out among the company informing them all that supper was ready. The brothers sprung up from their seated positions on the ground faster than expected, startling the poor hobbit. After a moment Bilbo shook himself free of his daze and followed the brothers to Bombur's pot around the fire.


"I think we're lost!" Bofur's overly joyful voice called from the back of the traveling company, bringing about several eye rolls and annoyed groans from the other members.

Panicked by Bofur's claim Ori shrank closer to Gloin. "We are most certainly lost. We'll never find our way to Erebor. We'll be stuck in this forest forever; that is until the elves find us and eat us!" Ori shrieked while Gloin awkwardly began patting the younger dwarf on his back in an attempt to calm him down.

Dori moved to comfort his youngest brother to the relief of Gloin. "Come now Ori, elves don't eat dwarves."

"No, they'll most likely just torture us till we draw our last breath." Nori supplied simply as he walked briskly past his brothers.

If possible Ori's eyes widened further in horror. Most of the company found it funny laughing at the young dwarf's expense, but those who did were swiftly shut down by Dwalin's loud voice.

"Elves are no laughing matter! Nor is it wise to plant falsities into young minds when it comes to an enemy." The large warrior scolded.

Nori rolled his eyes unaffected by Dwalin's lecture, opening his mouth to no doubt make a snide remark, but Bilbo's unsure voice cut him off.

"But are we?"

Balin's caring gaze landed on his small friend. "Are we what, Bilbo?"

Bilbo stumbled slightly over a medium size rock. "Lost…are we lost?"

The wise dwarf started to chuckle softly. "There is nothing to worry about young master hobbit. We have not veered off the path Gandalf told us to follow. We are surely not lost."

However, the tense hobbit did not look convinced. "But what happens if Gandalf was wrong? There is just something about this place it feels…corrupt."

Dwalin sent Thorin a pointed look, one he promptly ignored. "Fili!" His oldest nephew turned curious eyes to his uncle as Thorin yelled up. "Mark it!"

The fair-haired dwarf nodded in easy understanding and pulled his side knife free. Twirling the blade in his hand before slashing a deep cut across the nearest tree, marking the direction the company was heading. Never breaking stride. After following his uncle's order Fili returned his attention to a task that seemed to fill his time more and more often in recent years. Observing Kili. Frowning the fair-haired dwarf noticed his younger brother rubbing his shoulder with a grimace of pain flashing over his features.

"Did those vile creatures hurt your shoulder in Goblintown?" Fili asked suddenly, voice filled with concern, moving closer to his brother instinctively.

The corner of Kili's lips twitched into a small smile. "No, Fili I'm not hurt. Not really. My muscle is just a little strained from the uncomfortable position the cuffs put my shoulder on top of being pulled around. Nothing serious."

At the mention of the metal cuffs Fili's eyes traveled to the red tinted bandages wrapped securely around his little brother's wrists. The action not going unnoticed.

"Fili." Kili's soft voice brought the fair-haired dwarf's gaze back to his face. "I appreciate your concern. I honestly do, but I'm fine, and I don't just mean the shoulder. Everything that happened…I'm fine. It's better to have everything out in the open now…I hated…hated keeping that from you."

"I still don't understand why you thought you couldn't tell me." Fili said with a voice mixed with anger and hurt. The young heir dug his knife harshly across another tree before taking a steadying breath.

Kili looked away from his brother in sadness. "I…I couldn't tell anyone, Fili. Telling someone meant it was true, and I couldn't face that. I wanted to forget it, never speak of it, and the longer I went without telling anyone the harder it became to finally open up. I didn't want to burden anyone, especially you and Thorin."

Fili gripped Kili's arm just above the elbow to gain his attention. "No more keeping secrets." His voice desperate. "It does no good. Thorin didn't tells us about Carrek being alive and it almost got you killed. You didn't tell us everything that happened and decided to suffer in silence, but it wasn't just you that suffered. Neither me nor Thorin, or Balin and Dwalin for that matter, have been able to sleep well since your rescue. Each one of us too worried about what you were not telling us. Please…secrets only lead to pain, Kili. No more."

Kili swallowed with difficultly. He had tried so hard to not be a burden on the people he loved but it seemed he had failed anyways. "I'm so sorry." He choked out.

Fili squeezed his brother's arm. "Don't be. Saying you're sorry implies there is something you need to be forgiven for, which there isn't."

Kili nodded his head and the two brothers continued walking in a comfortable silence. Without even realizing it the two had drifted closer together and were walking with their shoulders only inches apart. Fili never paused in his task of marking their progress as Kili kept a critical eye on their surroundings.

After a time Kili's slightly cracking voice broke the quiet. "You know how Carrek had the same scar on his neck, and that before he showed me…he said that we were connected…that we would always be connected."

Fili clenched his jaw, wishing, not for the first time, that he could have been the one to kill Carrek. "That's not true, Kili. He's dead. You can't let him hurt you anymore."

Kili's hands twitched or maybe they were shaking, Fili wasn't sure. "That's just it, Fili. I don't think he was wrong."

"Kili-" Fili started with horrified expression flickering across his face.

But his younger brother didn't let him continue. "No, Fili. As terrible as it sounds we will always be connected through the horrible things he did to me. He claimed my life before I had even had chance to have one and…and nothing will change that."

Fili stumbled slightly as his mind raced for something to say, but nothing could have prepared the young heir for what his brother said next.

"I…I still hear his voice in my head sometimes. When I try to sleep, when I'm awake, just taunting me. I don't know how to make it stop. I feel like I'm losing my mind." Kili blinked away a tear only for it to be replaced with another and another.

Fili looked over his shoulder, noting how far from the company they were, and deemed it far enough to stop and wait for them to catchup a bit. Turning to face Kili the older of the two pulled his crying brother into a tight embrace. Without hesitation Kili wrapped his arms around his lifeline, clinging tightly to Fili's shirt with trembling hands.

"You're not losing your mind, Kili. You went through something traumatic and that's bound to leave deep scars. We'll get through this. I will help you through this. Just…whenever it happens you find me. You hear me? I don't care what I'm doing, where we are, or if I'm sleeping or not; you find me. We'll figure out a way to get you past this…together. Alright?"

Kili pulled back far enough to see his brother's face. "Alright. I will."

Fili smiled a reassuring smile which faltered when he noticed Kili's now confused face looking over his shoulder. "What is it?"

The dark-haired archer carefully pushed past his older brother and walked to a tree up ahead of their path. His calloused fingertips traced the sliced broken bark of the tree with a feeling of anxiety seeping into his stomach. "Fili? Did you mark this tree already?"

Fili joined his brother at the tree in a few strides and shook his head. "I couldn't have. This tree was ahead of us."

The archer steadily surveyed their surroundings and what he saw halted his breath. Impossibly, in every direction dozens of trees held an identical marking leaving the company with no way of knowing where they had been or what direction they should travel.

"That's not possible. Wha…what? How?" Fili's shocked voice stumbled.

The rest of the company finally closed the distance and stood in a tight circle unmoving, gawking in disbelief.

"It must be some kind of magic. There's no other explanation." Kili whispered to Fili at his right. The dark-haired heir's attention snapping to Thorin as he stepped forward.

"Elves," the dwarf king growled, seething with fury. "We never should have ventured into their wood."

Balin moved to the edge of the wooden path. "Now we have no choice. We'll have to leave the path, find our own way through Mirkwood."

"We can't do that when we have no idea which direction Erebor is in. We would only lose ourselves further." Dwalin grumbled.

Balin turned to face his brother hands on his hip and one eyebrow raised. "Then what do you suggest? The path clearly is no better."

"Just because taking the path was the wrong choice does not mean leaving it blindly would be any better." Dwalin countered forcefully.

Balin visibly deflated, looking old and worn. "You're right."

"What if we could know which direction to head for Erebor?" Bilbo's timid voice asked suddenly bringing the many eyes of the company to him.

Thorin made his way to Bilbo's side. "What do you mean?"

The small hobbit looked into the dwarf king's eyes with determination burning brightly. "I have an idea."


Not a lot of action in this chapter, but don't worry next chapter will have quite a bit! Please review and let me know what you think. I want to make sure people are still reading

this story after the long breaks in updating. So please let me know. Until next time…

Coming Soon,

Chapter Sixteen: A Web of Danger

>