

Prologue


"They were in my thoughts again last night. Scouter, Dash, and Penny. Maybe it was because I killed an oshawott earlier that I thought of them. I wonder if I could change what has happened to them. If I were to change one thing; one unit; one idea that I would be able to save them all. It's nice to have my sis back with me again. I'm glad I didn't kill her in the little fights we had. I almost did. Almost. I had many chances to do so. That bastard Fireback controlling her for his own use. He also used Dash and Penny and Scouter and me. He used us all! I'm going to kill him! But... but... I have other things to take care of.



This egg... it is pretty... It brings back many memories of my family before... that event... Dash and Penny would have been very excited to take care of this egg. It is theirs any ways. I wished it was them to take care of this kid. I don't mind taking care of him or her but a kid with out their parent is like a seed with out the right soil and water to grow...it'll struggle to survive. I want to raise their kid like my own. They told me not to use dark magic on them so I'll listen to them there. In fact won't teach the kid any dark magic. I won't let Sparky teach the kid light magic either. I wonder if the kid will be a snivy or an oshawott. I wonder if this egg is a male or a female. What will I call him or her? What name should I give it? I really can't give it a name until I know if the egg is a snivy or an oshawott and if it's a boy or a girl. Sparky has been wanting to look after the egg and help take care of it too but... I've been keeping the egg away from her. I just can't trust her enough to look after the egg... after all it was me Dash and Penny asked to look after the egg. If Sparky was to break the egg then it would be my fault for allowing her to look after it. Sparky was being controlled by Fireback and well... it would be very easy for him to control her again since he has broken through once. So if she had the egg and he controlled her... there's no telling what he'll do with the egg.



I wonder why he destroyed both cores. What is he planning? He completed his goal but what else does he have plan? My dark magic has been going crazy... Sparky also having problems with her magic. If we're having problems then others must be having problems. Our magic is fluctuating in power... Sometimes our magic is very powerful and not have any cost no matter how powerful the magic used is but then suddenly the most simple magic, like reading a message sent by magic, can cause a deadly cost. Many who have their lives built around magic have died because they couldn't adjust and limit their magic usage or it was just bad timing. I almost died using magic but luckily I only lost most of my energy and I was able to recovered. Sparky was able to take care of me during that time. I thank her for that. Fireback knows light magic and he's very good with it so why would he destroy the cores that would weaken himself? What does he know that I don't know? I feel that we will figure out in time... and when I do... I will have to be prepared for what ever he throws at me. Whatever he is planning, it isn't very good... It involves something else... that even I don't know. Something more powerful than light or dark magic... Fireback wouldn't give up light magic unless he gains something more powerful than the magic it's self. What are you planning Fireback? What are you doing? What are you trying to do?



Out of all those theories of what will happen if the cores were to be destroyed, not of them are exactly correct. Reality has a funny way of working like that. Magic wasn't totally disabled like many had thought but we can't use it as often in fear of getting a huge cost. From what I see right now, the land isn't going to be destroyed from the destruction of the cores. The weather hasn't really change. The land isn't dying. I guess those cores weren't as important to the land as we were led to believe. Many are still in a panic though as the word spreads and others around them die from using magic. They're just ignorant and fearing the future. The land isn't going to die or be destroyed by the cores being destroyed but maybe the cores destruction was just a step for Fireback... but is he trying to destroy the land? What is he doing? Maybe he is trying to put a lot of us in chaos or a like state to try to blind us from what he is truly trying to do... I know it worked on Sparky somewhat... She is fearful of what will happen. Me on the other paw, I'm not afraid of him or what he's doing. What ever he is doing, I'll need to take care of this egg and worry about what he's doing later... unless he tries to lay a hand on Sparky or Dash's and Penny's kid... then he'll be my main target for my next knife to hit but for now, my knifes will take out any one who gets in my way.



Maybe killing that oshawott earlier is what is reminding me of them. Blah. Dash and Scouter knew good and well not to get in the way of me once I had my mind set on something. Penny... well I'm not sure about her. We never truly met. Of course I don't really care too much about her. I can't care and weep about everyone who dies around me since I see death a lot. Mostly caused be me of course. I'll do my best to keep death away from the kid however with death all around us I won't be able to cover it up all the time Especially with my record. I will kill again. There's no questioning that. Who will I kill exactly? I'm not sure but at least I don't go around killing for no reason. Some may say I do but I have my reasons. Some will call them selfish reasons but truly I'm just surviving. Plus there is no such thing as a selfless act so what I do compared to what others do are both guilty of being selfish. Even taking care of Dash's and Penny's egg is selfish in some way. It brings back great memories of times before all this. It makes me happy... of course happy about the past but temporary happiness for the present.



Well... this egg is in my hands and I will take care of it even after it hatches. Fireback will have to worried about afterwards or until he shows his ugly face. His blood is missing on my sharp knifes. I Sparks will be the end of him."


>