

We we're so close this time. It seemed like we had finally cloned mew. The specimen was perfect up until we let it out of it's containment.

Almost instantly, it started melting...yes, melting. The poor creature struggled to stay in one piece, to keep shape but then was nothing more than a puddle of pinkish goo on the counter.

As I walked away, I heard the mess make a sound. "D-Dit..." I turned back around and watched as the gooey mess started to rise up and move. It was still a blob-like shape but seemed...I guess, more stable. It moved towards me and spoke, "Ditto...ditto!"

We started to produce more failures such as these. We decided to call it by the only thing it could say. "Ditto"

As I observe these creatures, I see the amazing abilities they possess. When set in front of another pokemon, the ditto can change into to form of it and learn it's moves, however it's only for a short while. They can also breed with any Pokémon out there and in all honesty, I've grown somewhat attached to them.

I wish the higher ups felt the same way. To them, the dittos are just failures. They wanted a mew clone and nothing else. We we're told that we would be moving our lab to a more secluded area. When asked if we could bring the dittos, we we're denied. They wanted us to kill the dittos but instead, we left Cinnabar and all the dittos behind. I was able to bargain with the higher-ups and tell them that they wouldn't survive by themselves for long and would die in a matter of days, all they had to do was make sure no one entered the now abandoned facility for a few weeks. This was a lie of course.

In the more secluded labs, we still ended up creating dittos by mistake but we would have to let them off in the wild instead of keep and study them. Other trainers had found them and ended up loving them like I had.

When it finally happened, when we finally created the perfect mew clone, mewtwo, was when it all went wrong. It destroyed the lab and killed my colleagues. If this is what success is, I would've rather lived happily with my failures. I lay in pain, the lab around me in flames. I can see the perfect clone, mewtwo, glow a bright blue. Before it is all over, I think of my precious ditto. My precious failure...my precious creation.

>