


Yea, I know Prologue was short. Here it is! Chapter 1!



Chapter 1


Blue orbs opened to reveal a white ceiling. Blinking slowly awake, a girl steps out of bed and onto her cold wooden floor. Or at least she could say it was a bed. It was really just a blanket on the ground with a small uncomfortable pillow. Looking at her "bed", Leaf sighed silently. Walking into her bathroom, Leaf brushed her long brown hair and brushed her already white teeth. Walking back into her room, she went to her closet and looked at the one outfit she had; a sweatshirt and a pair of sweatpants. Shaking her head, her brown hair got in the way and she blew it out of her face. After getting out of her black pajamas, Leaf gets into her outfit. She walked downstairs and saw an apple on the table, tempted to take it, Leaf shakes herself from the trance.

Finally finding her yellow backpack, Leaf picks up her school book and silently starts for the front door, hearing a loud thump, she panicked and hurried out into the daylight. After she had successfully gotten far enough away from the house, she lightly smiled.
Finally!
She thought to herself. Her blue eyes seemed to be dead even though she was smiling. Walking to school she sees the size of the building and almost gasps at the sight.

A large white building towered before her, making her feel small and helpless. Gulping slightly, she walks on, keeping her eyes to the ground.


Now to Gary and all them


Gary was watching his friends fight again. Looking at his watch, he finally gave up and yelled out, "HEY! You idiots, we're gunna be late." His friends looked at him sheepishly. They all apologized simultaneously. Although Gary didn't care, he heard there was a new kid coming and he was hoping it was a girl. Smirking at a devious plan in mind, Gary called out his friends. "Drew, we all know you like May." Two said teens flushed, and looked away from each other, making the others laugh. Gary turned to his other two friends and said, "Oh, don't pretend like you don't like Misty, Ash." Ash and Misty made eye contact, both wearing a beautiful red coloring on their cheeks, and found the ground to be interesting.

Shaking his head, Gary started towards his school, not paying attention to where he was going.



Smack!



Leaf walked right into Gary and fell down, dropping her books on the ground. A bit Dazed, she looks up to see a boy looking down at her with annoyance in his eyes.

Gary looked at the brunette and his annoyance changed to a predatory gleam, his signature smirk found its way to his face. "Hey there pretty girl." He said, catching Leaf's attention.

Leaf looked at the boy utterly confused. She locked eyes with him and saw his eyes, the both of them felt an odd connection but Leaf ignored it, getting up to pick up her books and started walking back to the school.

Gary's friends had seen the whole thing and sighed. The same thought going through all their heads,
Gary has found a new heart to break.
Shaking his head, Gary started off to class, leaving his friends behind.

Finding the new girl sitting by the office, he decided to try to speak to her again.

Seeing that the guy who she walked into just plopped down next to her and stared at her. She rolled her eyes and ignored him-that is until he started to poke her shoulder. Silently sighing in annoyance, Leaf stared ahead and waited to be called into the office.

"Ms. Green?" A woman poked her head out the principle's office door,, Leaf got up and walked in, leaving a dumbfounded Gary behind.

"So, you're the new student huh?" The woman asked politely. Leaf wasn't used to all this kindness so she just nodded. The secretary looked at her oddly but reached for the microphone and spoke into it, "Would and May Maple and a Misty Waterflower please report to the front office?"

May and Misty met up in the hallway and walked to the office together, not surprised to see Gary there. Ignoring him for now, they walked in and saw the brunette sitting down in a chair looking down at her shoes.

The secretary smiled at the two girls and asked them to show the girl around, they happily agreed and pulled the girl out of the room, not noticing the girl's wince of pain.


-Skipping to Lunch, sorry-


The boys were talking lively when Misty and May arrived dragging Leaf behind them. Even if Leaf didn't say a word to them, Misty and May both became her friends. Sitting down on the lunch table, Drew turned to May and spoke, "Hey June. Isn't that the new kid?" May's face flushed with anger as she vented out, "My name is MAY! M-A-Y! DON"T YOU KNOW HOW TO SPELL?!" Freezing in her place, Leaf whimpered catching everyone's attention. "What's wrong kid?" Drew asked, but all Leaf could focus on was May and how she yelled and the green-haired kid now known as Drew. May was confused as to why Leaf was scared when Leaf got up and ran out of the room, not wanting to hear anymore yelling.

Leaf ran down the hall and crashed into someone. Falling to the ground, Leaf looked up and saw a girl with bright orange curly hair. Smirking, the mystery girl leaned down and yanked the girl up, noticing her wince, the girl's smirk turned into a grin. Hearing footsteps, Orange-head looked up and noticed Gary among the 5 teenagers. "Dell? What are you doing with Leaf?" Gary exclaimed, feeling like he had to protect the brunette for some reason. The mystery girl, now known as Dell, smiled sweetly at Gary and exclaimed, "Oh Gary! Thank GOSH you came! I was just walking when this MORON came and tackled me to the ground!" Gary blanched and looked from Leaf to Dell, then back to Leaf. "We are not going to buy that crap Dell." He said walking over to the two girls and pulling Leaf from Dell's grasp, when all of the sudden, out of nowhere, Dell poured her coke on Leaf's head.

Leaf's breath caught in her throat as a whimper made it's way past her soaked lips. Dell smirked while the others had widened eyes staring at the sticky girl. Gary was first to take action and started to move her towards the school's front doors, friends following behind him.

Gary pulled out a towel from his car and wrapped it around the shivering girl and then lightly guided her towards his car, May, Misty, Drew, and Ash all in tow and climbing in the back seat.

Gary had seen where she moved in, so her drove her home. Leaf was still frozen and when she realized where she was, she started to panic, trying to get away from Gary's hands.

"Whoa. Whoa. Whoa! Leaf calm down, we're only trying to help you get out of this coke outfit." He said, looking into her dull blue eyes. Nodding her head, Leaf took the towel off and handed it to Gary, opening the door, she turned around and looked back at the group, the corners of her lips twitched upwards.

After she heard the group leave, she finally focused on her house, ears straining to hear any noise from her father's room. Sighing in relief, Leaf walked up to her room and changed into her pajamas, dropped her clothes in the hamper.


SMACK


Leaf's cheek stung like crazy from the slap from her father. "BITCH!" he bellowed, "Why aren't you in school?!" Leaf scampered away from her father, scared of another beating. He didn't care, all he did was grab the back of her shirt and ripped her clothes of, reveling in her naked flesh. Leaf whimpered in pain as he slammed his manhood into her, repeating this over and over again, successfully taking his daughter's virginity away all the while beating her like a pinata.

When he was done, he got up and walked back downstairs, leaving Leaf curled up on the cold floor, naked.


Why is he so mean to me?
Leaf wondered before welcoming the darkness of sleep.


Well, that was very climactic...so uh, leaf a comment in the review section and tell me how I did. (see what I did there? Leaf a comment Hah! Alright I'll stop)


>