


Immoral Saint


High school DxD x Campione!

Disclaimer: I owned nothing.


Notes: Credit to
Feng Lengshun
, he helped me very much in this crossover. My third project, thanks for reading this.



No harem-stealing or harem-swapping, Godou's harem (Erica, Yuri, Liliana, Ena, Zola, Hikari, Aisha possibly Luo Hao and John Pluto Smith) remains with him. Issei's harem (Rias, Asia, Akeno, Koneko, Xenovia, Irina, Ravel, Rossweisse, Ophis, Kunou) remains with him.




Prologue


"Hyoudou!"

Too late.

It was too late.

Even if I grabbed his hand, he wouldn't be able to save me.

The aftermath of our fight in the broken shop.

Half of my body had been sucked into the "orb". One mistake. One big mistake I didn't see.

"Truly, you're too dangerous, Sekiryuutei, but I need to thank you. You helped me realize my weakness... forced me to use this experiment move. Now, banish from this world! Atsusa Ratana!"

Cao Cao had ordered his orb to suck me in. So this was what Kuroka and Le Fay felt when Cao Cao tricked them in our previous battle.

Vali extended his hand, trying to catch me...

What has gone wrong?

Did karma finally catch up to my sins? For what have I done? Which sins I have committed to receive this kind of punishment!?

[You sounded like you're too innocent, partner.]

Shut up!

I'm in the middle of the sea.

Minutes ago I was with my comrades. Then Cao Cao has somehow removed me from the Underworld to this sea. His [Balance Breaker] is too troublesome, the [Atsusa Ratana] can teleport others or himself. Damn, I have to remember all of his [Longinus]'s abilities, next time I will kick your ass, Cao Cao!

But to think he was taken that much damage and still be able to teleport me to this sea, he is such a stubborn enemy.

"So, let's see. I died. Great Red, Ophis and Ddraig saved me. Then I came back. Eliminated Jabberwocky with Great Red. Almost brought down Hero Faction's leader. Now I'm here. My life is perfectly epic!"

Why I can't just have a harem then live happily with them!? Doing all the perverted acts everyday...

[Shouldn't you think about getting back to land now? Knowing you, you're most likely thinking about your fetish instead of your safety.]

Sorry for being a pervert all day!

But as you said, that's a good idea. Although I should be more careful, after all, there might be a trap waiting for me.

I fly up above the water. From here, I can't see anything but the blue color waves.

TUM!

I heard a sound of something dropping into the water.

Is it Vali? Did he also get caught when he was trying to save me? No, if it is that battle freak, I shouldn't be at ease!

Around 5 meters from where I am, a figure in black is slowly sinking. I fly up to where it is, then I just can't believe my eyes.

"Zoom Zoom Iyaaan."

…

[I heard nothing. I heard nothing.]

Ophis!? Not Vali!? She teleported to the same location I'm currently at, but she didn't float on the sea surface, likely she just doesn't want to do it...

Wait a second... It's the Dragon God! The "Infinite" who was supposed to be last boss of Khaos Brigade! Why is she here!?

"What are you doing!? You shouldn't be here! And why the hell did you sing that song!?"

Ophis talks to me, even though she is submerging underwater.

"The Sekiryuutei told me to follow him. That song is the chant to summon Sekiryuutei."

I did that!? I told her to follow me!? My memory didn't record something like she said! And since when that song is the chant to summon me!?

Damn it! Ddraig's mental is going to break at this point!

"No, wait a sec, Ophis, I've never told you to follow me!"

Tilting her head, she answers me with a monotone voice.

"Sekiryuutei told me to come home together with him. Or has he forgotten his promise?"

"No, Ophis. It's true that I told you to come back together with me, but not everywhere with me. I mean, you can have a normal life with me, then you don't have to follow me..."

"What do you mean? Did you mean that I, have to kill Great Red and live a normal life in Dimensional Gap?"

[You're being too complicated with her, partner.]

Then how am I supposed to explain to her!? She shouldn't be here in the first place! I don't know if this is a trap, what if she's caught by the Hero Faction!? I don't want to see them pull out something on her, again! One stupid Shalba Beelzebub is enough!

Anyway, this is not a time for argument. I lift Ophis up and put her on my back. I will protect her, this is my responsibility. Just like that time when we were in the fake dimension created by Georg.

Preparing to launch my thrusters in the back, I carefully place Ophis in the place she won't get hurt, no, screw that, Ophis won't flinch even if she is in front of my running thrusters. Now let's find an island, I can't live in the sea, I'm still living like human you know? Even though I'm not a human anymore. Is there some kind of device or trick to know where you are? Oh! The stars! Follow the … what was its name... star and you can get home!

"Ddraig, there's someone."

What?

I look at where Ophis pointed. There's a girl whose body is tiny, floating on the sea surface.

She's injured! I can see the wounds covered her entire body. Burns covers all over all over her body.

I quickly pick her up. I have to take her to the closest hospital! I can't wait until tonight, she'll die by that time the stars start to show themselves!

'The one in the middle of the sea, can you hear me?'

What? Someone is in my head? No, this is the voice came from somewhere.

'If you can, please come here, I will guide you! I want to help you!'

Then I saw, no, felt it. Something is guiding me.

Should I follow the voice? No, I don't have time to waste now, if it's the enemy, I will fight them or flight away, what I need now is the land.

I rush to the location the voice guiding me.

[Partner, you should dismiss your [Cardinal Crimson Full Drive], or we will fall into the sea because of exhaustion before getting to the land.]

But if I turn it off here, we will all fall into the sea! Ophis'power is unstable, I don't think she can teleport us all.

[No, turn it off but keep the [Scale Mail]. You should be able to do it with your new body. Remember when you turned it off after defeating Jabberwocky?]

Okay, I got it! The previous battle ate away my stamina, but I can make it with this distance!

I turn off [Cardinal Crimson Full Drive] but kept [Scale Mail]. Right, I made it while flying in the air.

"Ddraig, she woke up."

Who? The girl? Just as Ophis said, the tiny girl slowly opens her red eyes.

She speaks to me, with a voice full of fatigue and exhaustion.

"W...Who are you? You... You smell familiar..."

"Hang on! We're almost there! I'll take you to the hospital!"

[Change Sonic Booster!]

Now I'm flying in my best speed mode! The armor drops the heavy parts, only the necessaries are remained. My wings spread out, the red energy wings now doing the balancing job.

I launch myself to where the voice guiding me. The sea and wind split up because of me!

I can see the land! Just a little bit more!

"No... Don't..."

I barely hear what she said, in my mind, rescuing this poor girl is the top priority!


Northern of Philippines. The Batanes Islands.

Closer to Taiwan than Philippines, the Batanes Islands were in the between of South China Sea and Pacific Ocean.

The northernmost island of Yami was uninhabited, but currently, there was a child standing on the beach of that island.

She wasn't the natives, nor the sole human of the island. Precisely, she was not human to begin with.

Remembering the reasons why she was there. The girl closed her eyes for a moment to concentrate.

Then, for a second she felt a huge explosion of magic.

Witches like her had a special ability to feel when huge magic manifest into the mortal world.

'A [Heretic God] has appeared!?'

She was trembling, this was not what she had predicted. The beach where she standing was the closest land to the [Heretic God].

No one could oppose [Heretic Gods] except for their peers and the God-slayers, even someone like her who reached the title "Witch Queen", didn't worth a glance of them.

To them, she was just another living thing in the mortal world. Weeds, ants and the like.

If the circumstance forced her to face them, she still had her trump card, but she needed to reserve it as long as possible.

But this one, the one who possessed the magic, was not the average [Heretic God] she usually faced. Indeed, this one could be considered stronger than any of those she had encountered so far, except for her beloved King. Her past-self memories were hazy, she had forgotten most of them, still, her instinct couldn't be wrong.

Beside the huge magic, she also felt a smaller, but impressive presence next to it.

She felt this 'smaller' presence somehow could help her in her quest, she knew it!

To do great things, you must gamble with everything you got!

Followed the strange yet often effective philosophy, she called the 'smaller' presence using her magic.

She needed to be careful, the Campione, Her Eminence she was going to meet may save her from troubles, but who knew what could happen between Gods and Devil-Kings? She would use her trump card if everything went out of control.

UuuuuUUUUUU...

The sound of something flying in high speed. Like the iron birds human use to cross the vast land and ocean.

"It" was coming, bringing the Divine Ancestor she had shared her life force with, along with the [Heretic God]. Were the [Heretic God] chasing "It"?

No, she didn't feel something like that. No violent waves could be felt. No combat clashes happened. No intense atmosphere.

She wondered what kind of this [Heretic God], then a feeling rose up, a familiar feeling of [Earth]. A Mother Earth Goddess aura.

'She must be protecting her own kin.' The young girl thought.

She hoped she could negotiate with this Mother Earth Goddess in order to help her or join her in the search of her beloved King. For she was once the Mother Earth Goddess, too.

She wanted to use the "Eyes", but felt that "It" could felt wary of her, thus wouldn't listen to her nor trust her.

For the sake of her beloved King. She could not take the risk.

A few more minutes, she saw it. A red silhouette.

Looked carefully with her red eyes, she saw a winged armor moving to her, with the Divine Ancestor in "Its" hands.

The Mother Earth Goddess was on his back. The one had black hair as dark as moonless night, dressed herself in a Gothic style black and purple dress. She was clinging to the back of the red armor.

The dragon-like red armored being landed in front of her. "It" put down the Divine Ancestor, then gently let the Mother Earth Goddess jumped down from "Its" back.

"You!"

"It" called her. What did "It" want? A reward for bringing the Divine Ancestor to her sooner? She hoped "It" wouldn't see her as "Its" enemy.

But "It" wasn't a normal witch, "It" was close to her kin, a Divine Ancestor, no, higher than her. Somewhere inside "It", she could feel the presence of a Divine Being. Very, very strong Divine Being.

"It" smelt like a serpent, or rather, dragon. The same kin as her!

In this one day she met two [Earth]!

"Do you know where the closest hospital!? This girl is in bad condition!"

…

A manly voice came from the red dragon armor, asking her where "the closest hospital" were. But...

A male!? A male [Earth]!? A male dragon [Earth]!?

"Do you hear me? Do you kno-"

She couldn't believe her own ears.

"Ddraig, she's healing."

The Mother Earth Goddess opened her mouth. Her monotone voice took back the young girl from her shocking state.

Never in her life had she met a male dragon. Never.

Myth had been changed by human. When matriarchy changed into patriarchy, Mother Earth Goddesses lost their position as the idols of worship and became the wives and daughters of male Gods.

Serpent and Dragon were in the same case. Naturally, they were a part the Mother Earth Goddesses themselves, but was separated and turned into monsters which are slain by the male Gods.

But to think male dragon do exists!

The male dragon knelt down. He carefully examined the Divine Ancestor
.


He saw the wounds on her tiny body slowly begins to heal. He used his hands to put away the long, purple hair sticking on the young girl body to get a better view. Then he spoke up.

"Her healing rate is quick, but with this much wounds, I don't think she can survive. Can I use [Transfer] on her? Increasing her healing rate?"

…

"Is that so? Alright, I will do it!"

What had just happened?

Inside the male dragon,
s
he could… not hear, but feel the voice. She couldn't hear the voice but she knew she felt the Divine Being just talked to the male dragon!

Then another strange thing happened.

The male dragon rose his left hand, the green gem in his gauntlet flashed, then he touched the Divine Ancestor laying on the beach!

[Transfer!]

Huge magic power could be felt from her position. The male dragon was transferring his magic powers into Asherah, who started to heal quicker than usual multiple times.

But the way he did it wasn't normal, wasn't the one witches or magicians usually do. The divinity came from his hand was an [Authority]! An [Authority] from Gods!

Had she made a mistake? Was she being wrong that in fact there were two [Earth]?

No, how could she wrong!? The Mother Earth Goddess was truly a Goddess, but not the male dragon!

He didn't have the divine aura around him. The ones [Heretic Gods] and [Campione] possessed.

'Just... Who is he? No, WHAT is he?'

Satisfied, the male dragon let out a silent sigh. If the helmet wasn't covering his face, she could probably see his smile.

"Alright! She's safe now. Uh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to scare you."

…

"What!? Impossible! How can this little girl be a part of Khaos Brigade!? But I have to make sure!"

HEART THUMP!

The male dragon was using some kind of magic! But she couldn't feel it, this magic, the way he used his magic was totally strange to her.

What was he planning to do with her?

"Answer me, who are you? Are you the member of Khaos Brigade?"

Khaos Brigade? What was that? She didn't belong to any faction but herself! She needed to tell him, the way he talked, the way he used his powers to save her kin, she definitely must persuade him to join hers! Just as she was about to answer, she could hear a voice speaking from within her!

'I am Guinevere, the Witch Queen of Divine Ancestor. I'm not a member of Khaos Brigade as you asked.'

!

How... But how? She wasn't answering him! The voice came from... her heart!? He used a spell to extract information from her!?

Such high-class spell! Even the Witch Queen hadn't seen any spell like this! His magic completely penetrated… no, broke, no… it bypassed her defense!

He, the male dragon, had to be a top-tier witch! This only pushed Guinevere's resolve to persuade him to help her.

"Ddraig, home."

The Mother Earth Goddess spoke. Ddraig? Was that the male dragon's name?

Guinevere remembered, Ddraig was "Dragon" in Welsh language, possibly, this male dragon was the reincarnation of the Welsh Dragon?

'Welsh Dragon... The Red One... No, that is not right, this male dragon is different.'

Guinevere remembered about a certain Divine Ancestor, just like her, but she dismissed her thought.

"No, Ophis, we can't go home now. I don't even know if we're still in our world. This world is... weird. Somehow my instinct telling me this is not our world."

She didn't know how to response to this. But she knew she needed to greet them properly.

"My name is Guinevere. And please forgive me for my late greeting, Mother Earth Goddess, as well as you, red dragon."

She sent her angelic voice to him and the Goddess, waiting for their reactions. If the worst came, she would have to use her trump card.

The male dragon opened his helmet. His brown hair was blown non-stop by the breeze of the sea.

"Oh, hi, my name is Hyoudou Issei, you can call me Ise for short. This is Ophis, she... she's my friend!"

A Mother Earth Goddess was his friend!? Why did she encounter so many shocking things today!? But when he told her, she felt he was trying to lie
—
hiding the full truth, it must be he didn't want her to know about the Mother Earth Goddess.

Guinevere looked at his brown eyes, she sensed a bit of braveness and foolish in those eyes, but weren't these two traits usually went with each other? Still
, s
he wouldn't push it today. There are more important things to do
.


Now, it was the time for the meeting between her and the Devil-King.

"Sir Ise and Madam Ophis, please forgive my insolent manner, but please leave for now. Guinevere will accompany you later."

Too late. Guinevere had been late for just a minute.

"Leaving so soon? Why don't you all stay and have a friendly chat with me?"

The melodic voice, belonged to the Devil-King, spoke to everyone who currently standing on the beach.

"Welcome, Your Eminence. I, Guinevere, pay my sincere respects."

Guinevere bowed her head down and knelt down on the beach. While the Ise hadn't recovered from his shock and awe.

"Divine Ancestor, please, dispense the formalities. Let's skip the boring manners and get to the point."

The sea water gathered themselves and changing into the shape of a woman.

"What-What is happening!?"

The male dragon shouted out with surprise, it was the first time he saw sea water shaped into woman? Or it was his first time facing Devil-King? Either way, he must be scaring right now.

"A [Heretic God]? The one next to her, hm, this is my first time seeing something like you. Tell me, young one, what are you?"

Issei stood still. He couldn't bear himself not to do the opposite of what she wanted. The [Authorities] had worked on him, Guinevere thought.

"I am Hyoudou Issei, this generation's Sekiryuutei."

He answered with honesty. A nervous voice to be exact.

"Hohoho, is that so? You look strong in that armor. Sekiryuutei? "Red Dragon Emperor"? For you to call yourself with that title, you must be strong. Well, how about a duel with my underlings?"

Issei immediately step back, re-equipped his helmet and bringing his guard up while covering the Mother Earth Goddess behind him. He felt threatened from the beautiful Chinese woman before his eyes.

Guinevere quickly took up the response, tried her best to prevent the fight.

"Your Eminence! He is not your fellow God-slayers, nor a [Heretic Gods]. How is he suppose to raise his hands against you~!?"

This was getting dangerous, Campione never acted like mortal. They always sought for battle and destruction. One wrong word and she would lose two potential allies in the future.

"Then how about the [Heretic God] behind him? My blood is heating up."

Ophis tilted her head.

"Impossible. You cannot-"

"No! You don't! Leave her alone! I will fight your underlings!"

The male dragon stood up to the [King]. His nervous voice no longer existed. The red Rebel had stood up to face the King.

Even though the Devil-King had challenged Ophis, she didn't... care? Guinevere felt that the only thing in her eyes was Sir Ise.

"Ddraig..."

"Go hide somewhere, I will finish this soon, okay? And call me Ise."

The male gently placed his hands on her shoulders. The way he talked to the Mother Earth Goddess was not what the [King] and the Divine Ancestors expected. For the male dragon to treat a Goddess like his child, it was rather unbelievable.

"I, understand."

Disappeared. The Mother Earth Goddess disappeared faster than her words.

Guinevere was now panicking. One of the rare male dragons was going to have a duel with a Campione! Even though the [King] said she would use her underlings, hardly anyone could survive after facing their [Authorities].

(Beloved child. This is interesting. A male dragon? He seems hot-blooded, this Knight is taking a liking to him. Hohoho, maybe history will repeat itself? But this time, this Knight will be the one who conquers!)

'Sir Knight! Please don't labor the thought of harming him! Guinevere needs him to be with us!'

(Hahaha, do not worry. My honor shall not allow me to harm him in lowly manner! But I will enjoy my time with this male dragon in the future! This Knight will observe the red dragon!)

Knowing that she could do nothing more. Guinevere left the beach along with Asherah to not to get in the way of the clash between the male dragon and the Campione. She left the "Eyes" to observe, if things went out of control, she would plead the [King] to stop. She really needed more allies.


The Nanao Shrine.

The Hime-Miko was cleaning the rooms. It was her duty as the miko of this shrine. Her long, brown hair was waving each time she moved her slim body, she wondered herself why did she felt something big was going to happen. But the feeling was also directed on her younger sister. She hoped everything will be okay. Being involved with the Japanese [King] was already tiring for her.

Tomorrow was Sunday, what would the [King] do? She was looking for a way to closer their relationship. She didn't fully understand why, she was just... want to be with her [King] more.

Suddenly she saw it.

Hime-Miko like her possessed the Spirit Vision, allowed her to see things related to Divine Beings.

Because of her rare ability, her [King] had repelled countable enemies.

This time, she saw a dragon with red limbs and white wings, flying with an as black as night dragon next to him.

She asked herself.

'What is the meaning of this?'

"Onee-chan is thinking about Onii-sama~~! ~She thinks about him all day~! ~Then she cannot bear it anymore and rush to his side to serve him~~!"

"Hikari! Stop that! That was vulgar for a miko to singing like that!"



Notes:



Issei will go OOC, the Campione-verse's nature will affect him. And OCs. I used up a lot of information in the Campione! forum to write.



I will try my best to balance the power level, but don't expect cannon fodders to shine.



We have a VS Debate topic between DxD and Campione, you can find it by searching for "Court of the Devil Kings" forum by Feng Lengshun on Fanfiction. We welcome you to discuss your opinions about the power between two verse.


>