


Daenerys II


It seemed months had passed, since the time she had gotten the letter from Meereen. But only five-ten days had passed, since that day she had gotten it and Viserion back from the skies. That day they were near Myr. Dany remembered it vividly, how her cotton clothes clung to her body, how her naked feet burned in the sand, how her dragon's golden wings reflected in her eyes, how her tired heart yearned for news… And overall the happiness, she remembered the happiness she felt briefly, before sadness had a grip of her once more.

Daario Naharis was dead and now here she stood at his city, Tyrosh. She would curse the Gods, if she believe them. However, Daenerys did not believe them, for what Gods would torture a woman as such. At first glace, she was glad to see the birth town of her late lover. Tyrosh was a large harbor city, filled with color, music and jugglers. But now… Now every street she took, every corner she turned, every place she went, she would catch a glimpse of him. Tyroshi men strode around with their blue and red beards looking just like him.

Daenerys was sick of it, the noise bothered her, the smell bothered her, and the colors bothered her. She was glad to have received message from Ser Baristan Selmy setting a meeting. Like her, the Khalasar was growing restless for waiting was not in their nature. Besides that for her blame they were a Khal short. Back in Myr, when she received the letter Dany had urged Jaqo to journey to Tyrosh, but the Khal was unrelenting. Tired of waiting, he wanted to mount her that night and became master of her dragons.

At Meereen the war was won, but at the dothraki sea the Queen was still a prisoner, so she had no choice but to slide the arakh dagger into his belly. Now she had two dragons, one khalazar and one meeting with the Westeros man who won her war. So she was making through the boisterous streets of Tyrosh to get to him, trailed close by two dothraki warriors who too wanted to marry her and became khals. Daenerys sighed with relief as she glimpsed the Fountain of the Drunken God, the tavern that her grandpa knight mentioned must be near.

She could almost smell the scent of the ocean, masked by the stench of fish and clams that emerged form the nearby port. Dany was filled with anticipation as she looked around for 'The Trio' tavern sign. Soon she would be on a ship going to Westeros she thought finding the wooden entrance of the hostelry. As she entered it she wondered if she would meet Tyrion here and hoped she would find Raeghal soon. The place was filthy, small, loud and over crowded with drinking men, but at the far corner of the left Ser Baristan white plate shone as brightly as the sun.

Her heart thumped faster as she pushed her way through. She recognized some of the men as she passed them. And as she walked men all around called out to her, some shouted Mysa, others howled M'Queen, but one greeted her Khaleesi. She stopped sharply and turned towards the man's voice. Her bear, her bear, Daenerys could not believe it. Her heart fills with joy as she looks at his face, while Jorah says: –'I wanted to present Tyrion Lannister as a prisoner, to win back your trust. But he is no longer a prisoner of mine, I am sorry khaleesi.'

Dany smiles and opens her mouth but before she can answer. A strong voice is spoken: -'He is mine though. You too can be mine. And then you will have the little dwarf and dress him up in silk for all I care'. Daenerys frowns; this must be Victarion, a large and tall man with black hair, grey flecked by time. Old, but not bad looking, she could see his strength. Marrying him would be easy on her eyes, but love did not build kingdoms she had learned that. She smiled at him and said: -'Prove your worth and I might consider'.

Her Mormont bear made to speak, but Tyrion held him back from speaking by holding his arm. The little ugly dwarf smiled at Dany and threw himself in a wooden old creaking chair whilst saying: -'Before I am given away as weeding present from, could we at least have some wine.' The queen could not help but giggle, the Lannister winked at her and shouted: -'Girl, come here!' As Daenerys hugged Ser Baristan, a slim dirty serving girl approached them with her head down and few mugs of wine.

Victarion was the first to take a mug –'To my future wife!' he yelled and gulped down the wine in one shot. Tyrion took his and grabbed a hold of the girls arm. The girl whinned and pleaded him to let go. Daenerys was disturbed by his behaviour, -'Let her go' she ordered sternly. But the small man just held own tighter and drank his wine as the servant tried to disengage from him. –'I mean her no harm. What is your name?', he asked glaring at the girl. The poor thing whimpered out her name: -'I am Wylla, your servant.'

Daenerys took hold of Tyrion's arm and ripped it off of the girl. Tyron humphed: -'You think I donot
know a stark when I see one, Arya'. Daenerys stared at the brown-haired slip of a girl, which remarkfully was running fast away. Victarion men blocked her way just as she was passing the wooden threshold of the tavern. The Greyjoy Lord smiled at Dany as his men dragged the girl over and proposed: - 'The Stark is yours if you be my lady wife, and so will everything I own, which includes one hell of a fleet.'



The skinny as a stick girl struggled to break free from three fully grown men, the Targaryen Queen was amazed. How could she order to kill a child, she thought and rubbed her temples with force, than spoke in a serious tone: -'If you want to be my husband, you should probably stop trying to give me people…Nonetheless, do bring her. Stark are traitors of my fathers kingdom'. The ironmen were dragging Arya to her but her bear stopped them. Daenerys squinted his eyes as Jorah held her prisoner from her and listened as he pledged:-'If this girl is Arya Stark she might be useful'.



Her self-named husband snorted loudly: -'House Mormont is sworn to the Starks. Kill the girl, aye. And let us sail our ships, Westeros won't conquer itself.' Daenerys knew it was true, what option had she, but to avenge her family with fire and blood. At her right Ser Baristan was standing still as a statue. The old Knight was her guard not her advisor, she had to remember that.
The girl seemed so fierce and those eyes…it would not be easy to kill her, it would pain her heart to hurt such beautifull child.
–'
Is she really a Stark, Tyrion? Dany asked sadly.


Tyrion sat drinking his booze slowly and unconcerned, his two stumped legs up at the chair armrest. He answered her looking at the alleged Stark girl: - '
That long-faced, the will of a wolf and those grey eyes, she looks exactly like her brother Jon'. Ser Baristan in confirmation speaking at her back softly: -'She looks just like Lady Lyanna Stark, too.

Dany is startled when the girl declares strongly: -'I am no one'. Was she being judgmental the queen thinks and then laughs: - 'What business have you here, no one?'

The girl stays silent her grey eyes fixed firmly on the queen, Jorah holds her by both arms looking concerned. This kid belonged to one of the usurpers families, but must Dany too be blamed by the mistakes of her father, the mad King. Daenerys shook her head and was about to utter a death sentence, when her bear Mormont interrupted in appeal: - 'She is just a child let me return her home to Winterfell. Do not turn into your enemies, my Queen'. Surprisingly, Arya withdrew from silence: -'
What is in winterfell, but ashes and ruins? I AM NO ONE!'



The small dwarf laughed: - 'The girl does have a point'. The queen
noticed he had risen from his chair and was now walking steadily towards the Stark girl or no one.She did not know, she did not care,
this discussion was giving her a wild headache. She wanted to be gone from Tyrosh at last.
Daenerys sighed as Tyrion continued:-'There is only fallen rocks and dead bodies at Winterfell. We all had our families torn apart, but castles fall, people die and the House's name stay. This child is not her father, like I am not mine. I plead too that we keep her.

Daenerys violet eyes searched into the grey eyes of the girl untrustingly; however there was a certain familiarity in them. Victarion too seemed tired of the debacle, he passed back and forth axe in hand, then buffed: - 'Kill her. Not kill her. Gather your dragons to harbor six, for we leave now'. All iron men stood up together and noisily began to make their way out. Dany was still reluctant as she turned to Grey worm, who stood silently next the wooden walls and ordered: -'You will guard the girl, until we reach Westeros. Take her now, with the unsullied, to Victarion's ships'.

As more men left the tavern, Dany felt more comfortable and relieved. She walked to the corner and sat on a little wooden stool next to Tyrion. The little Lannister looked at her smiling and looking at him made her smile back. He spoke to her softly: -'You made a good decision; Arya will be a good ally at the North if you befriend her.' Tryion was a good addition she felt at ease with him. He had a calm that she had not, they would balance each other. Still, the dragon has three heads and they were only two.

She was so overwhelmed to be finally crossing the narrow sea to Westeros that she had almost forgotten to ask for her missing dragon. Before she could ask, Tyron answered her unspoken question: -'Raeghal, he always flies above me. It is weird being watched over by an oversized flying lizard'. Dany laughs felling relieved and states: -'It will get easier. The prophecy says there is three riders though.' Tryon crooked his head and looked at her like she had grown another head. She sighed and turned to Ser Baristan: - 'You have not told him'.

The knight lowered his head and stated his case: - 'I knew not of his motives, my Queen. Only after he made Viserion deliver my message to you that I noticed his Targaryen blood'. Daenerys felt dizzy as had a rush of blood surged through her head. -'What?' she said confused. Old Selmy's faltered and he turned to Tyrion. The small man smirked a little as he began to respond: - 'Grandpa here, seems to be under the illusion that I am the son of Aerys the mad king. Your father apparently was smitten by my true lady mother, Joanna Lannister.'

Dany giggled and looked at the little man whilst saying: -'That is one bad story, my little bastard brother. I will not undermine its truth or falseness. Nonetheless, you do have Targaryen blood and as such the second rider from the three headed Dragon. Ser Jorah snorted at that and looked gravely as he said: - 'I think we have more pressing matters than a prophecy that can or can not happen. This marriage with the Greyjoy, it will not do'. Daenerys rolled her eyes, she wondered if Mormont would forever dwell in jealousy of her.

Why could he not see, she could never be his. As in cue, Tyrion stood up. He was a little bit of a man, but he had a confidence of a big one, Dany thought as he spoke: -'Let it be, Ser Jorah. The queen could never be yours and this engagement suit us well for now.' Daenerys stood up also, marched over to her bear and laid her hand cautiously on his chest next to his shoulder and spoke calmly: -'Victarion is strong and powerfull, with his fleet we will cross the narrow sea to Dragon Stone. His eyes tell me he will be a good husband'.

Mormont looked dejected as she removed her hand. But his attitude had to change; she could not have him shouting at her future king. The queen had not time for love quarrels; she would soon see the place where she had been born. The prospect excited and scared her, for she would be home but there would be war. She was glad for Tyrion coming through and bringing her grandpa Knight, her annoying bear and her baby dragon. They would be needed, along with the alleged cousin that held the Targaryen storm castle. Soon they would meet this Aegon and she was happy.

>