

Hi Guys, sorry I've been a bit inactive, so here. One action packed short oneshot, with romance too. Also please participate in my new Poll, it will help with things getting out faster; found on my profile. Now without further ado, the last of Ash's battle for the title Pokemon Master of Kanto!


"Pikachu, use thunderbolt!"

It was the final battle, the battle of champions; the match that would decide all.

"Dragonite, counter with hyperbeam!"

Would Lance keep his title or would Ash Ketchum of Pallet Town become the Pokemon Master of Kanto.

The attacks connected, and a huge explosion took place, covering the battlefield in smoke.

"Stay strong, Pikachu! Iron tail!"

"Counter with flamethrower!"

The battle had been raging for a few hours, both trainers at their limits; both down to their last Pokemon, their strongest Pokemon. However, even they were weakening. The crowd was going wild, nothing had been this intense for ages; Lance the Dragon Master VS Ash Ketchum, possibly one of the best trainers in the world (at age 19!)!

In the personal cheering section for Ash, sat four people; all shouting for him to win until they ran out of breath. Delia Ketchum, Brock, Tracey and Misty, his girlfriend.

Pikachu ran at the beige coloured dragon with a tail of steel, and hit it in the gut as it unleashed a powerful flame onto him. The giant dragon got knocked back by the force Pikachu had behind its attack and Pikachu's normally yellow fur was covered in burned and cuts. Both Pokemon were breathing heavy.

"Go on, Ash! You can do it!" Brock shouted.

"You've beaten him before! Do it again!" Tracey cheered.

"Make me proud, Ash!" Delia called.

"Go, Ash! Go! Nothing can get between you and Pikachu!" Misty shouted at the top of her lungs, making the rest of the audience seem like they were whispering.

Ash smirked, the battle was nearly over; everyone knew it. He had to attack before the beat-up dragon could get the first strike. "Pikachu! Volt-tail spin!" Ash bellowed out his improved move, that would soon be the move that he would known by.

Pikachu looked at his trainer and long time friend, and smirked back. The yellow mouse, ran at the dragon pokemon to finish the battle. His lightning-bolt tail turned to iron as he activated volt tackle. Just a few metres from Dragonite he jumped and started spinning putting his tail in front of himself.

Lance was too shocked to call out a order, and Dragonite was too weak to do anything but take the hit.

The attack it hard and an explosion took place. Pikachu's body crackled with recoil damage as the mighty Dragonite fell down behind him, fainted.

The referee called out the results and the stadium erupted. Pikachu walked over to Ash, as he ran over to him.

Misty was the first out on the field and ran into them, smashing her lips to his; no noticed.

Later, Ash was given a trophy and and the title he had always wanted, with a bit of a twist:

Ash Ketchum, Pokemon Master of Kanto. The youngest Pokemon Master the world has ever seen.

Misty gave him a peck on the cheek as the ceremonies ended, "I knew nothing could get between you and Pikachu."


Please review and answer my poll, it fuels my imagination!

>