


Let's start this fic!


.
.


Whoops…got a little ahead of myself there. My bad….



So to anyone who actually READS the author notes, I say hello to you.



This is my Pokémon Highschool story, now lots of other people have done this, but I want to, so I'm going to, plus I'm using legendaries, and they're human…sort of... so that's a twist.



So as I said in my Random Relations story, I don't know if I'm going to be accepting OC's or not, so be patient people. I don't want people breaking down my door, promising to send a badass vampire to kill, or threatening me by buying a piece of paper….yes, you know who you are.



Anyways, the main story will focus around six characters, those being Darkrai, Cresselia, Yvental, Xerneas, Girantina, and Arceus. The first two should be obvious (I love myself some LunarShipping ^_^), two middle is to welcome gen 6 (I LOVE Pokémon Y) and the last are for the sake of completion (Darkrai controlling Nightmares, Yvental bringing death, and Girantina being the keeper of the underworld. While the other side having pleasant dreams, life, and….god….). Now the other legendaries while make appearances, and some will have their own chapters, though the plot will move around these six, in the own perspectives and ways. I will work minor and semi-major roles for OC's if I decide to include them, which you will find out at the end of this chapter (These things take a while to write, and I'll probably decide by then). So you're going to have to actually READ what I write.



So to anyone who stuck around and read this (since I know there are some who don't), you know what to expect, thanks for reading this note, and….



ON WITH THE FIC!


"Darkrai…Darkrai! Wake up already!"

The Pitch Black Pokémon slowly opened his eyes. Though one was covered with his snowy white hair, leaving the other to see a a young girl with black hair with red streaks at the bangs and shiny blue eyes sitting on his chest. She wore a black tank top with a dark red skirt; she also had red gloves and a small wristband that said "Illusion" on it. She stared at him, grinning like a sly fox.

"Zorua, could you get off of me?" Darkrai asked. "Only if you give me a kiss on the cheek." Zorua grinned, as she found great joy in teasing Darkrai. "You're my sister, not my girlfriend." Darkrai rolled his eyes. "You can't get one anyways, so I'm the best you got." Zorua snickered, causing her brother to flick her ear. "Alright, alright…I'll get off of you." She grumbled, sliding off Darkrai's chest and landing face-first onto the floor, and then getting up like nothing happened.

Darkrai sighed in frustration as he got out of his bed, wondering how his sister had so much energy and happiness all of the time. He looked at the 8-year old girl, smiling softly. As long as she is happy, she wouldn't be distracted with all the thoughts that clouded Darkrai's mind. He slowly made his way to the bathroom, to awaken his pale face with cold water. His right eye, an icy blue one at that, shot open, while the other remained hidden behind his white hair.

He craned his neck, seeing the multiple scars and burn marks that dotted the area. He sighed as brushed his teeth, having the same cold expression as always.

"Did you have your breakfast already?" Darkrai asked his sister as he walked downstairs. He wore a white T-shirt under a black jacket, dark jeans, and a red scarf wrapped around his neck, hiding the scars. "Yup! And I made you some toast as well!" She yipped, handing him a piece of toast. Darkrai smiled and took it from her small hands "You ready for your first day of 3rd grade?" He asked as he munched on the bread. Zorua nodded "Are you ready for your new high school?" She asked back. Darkrai truly wasn't ready, but he wasn't about to tell his little sister that and worry her. "Highschool's nothing compared to what you put me though." He chuckled, ruffling up his sister's hair, much to her demise.

The duo walked out the door as the elementary school bus arrived. "Remember, I'll pick you up after school, wait for me at the front gate, and don't run off with any strangers." Darkrai explained. "Yes I know…" Zorua rolled her eyes as she boarded the bus, waving goodbye to her brother as it drove by.

"Now to get to my school." He whispered as he joined his hands and closed his eyes in order to calm himself. His eyes shot open, as his body became a bit more transparent and a lot lighter. He grinned and dashed to school, traveling 3 times as fast as he would in a solid form.

The bell rang at the Academy of Origins, and Darkrai had just made it to the front gate. "Should have….kept…my pokemorph form… a bit longer…" He panted, wiping the sweat off his face. Some of it stayed in his eye, clouding his vision, he ignored it and continued pressing onward, until he ran into something…or someone, and then falling to the ground.

"Ow…hey, are you alright?"

Darkrai rubbed his right eye, trying to remove the sweat but only making it worse. "Who…who are you?" He asked trying to see the person in front of him. "Well you can't see me because you have your hair in your eye." The voice, now recognized as a feminine one, said. Darkrai noticed a small petite hand reaching for the clump of hair covering his left eye, he immediately slapped it away "Don't…."

"Well sorry, I didn't know it was personal." The voice said handing Darkrai a napkin. "Here, use that to wipe your eye." Darkrai did as he was told, and then was granted his vision back. "Thanks."

"No problem."

Darkrai looked at the owner of the voice. It was a girl, which would suit the feminine voice. She had blue eyes and wore a pink spaghetti strap dress with a blue skirt on top with a yellow shawl, but what was most noticeable was her hair. It was so blonde that it reflected the sunlight the same way the moon does. It reached all the way to her back, and flowed like a river of gold. Darkrai was truly mesmerized by this spectacle of beauty, though he kept it to himself.

"Hey, you okay?" The girl asked, waving her hand in front of Darkrai's face, snapping him out of his daze. "Yah, I'm fine." He said as he got up. "Oh good, I thought I had injured you." The girl smiled. "No, you're alright." He said picking up all of his stuff. "I'm Cresselia." She said in a joyous tune. "I'm Darkrai." The pitch black Pokémon replied, as he started to walk away.

"Wait up, what class are you in?" Cresselia asked catching up with him. Darkrai looked at the girl for a moment; they had just met, and only know each other's names, why was she trying to make a conversation? "I'm in 3-A." He said, which caused the girl to smile widely. "Me too! Looks like we'll be classmates." She said enthusiastically, surprisingly, Darkrai smiled back.

"I haven't seen you around here, are you new here?" Cresselia asked, evaluating her classmate from head-to-toe. "Yah, I am." He replied. "You're not much of a talker, aren't you?" Cresselia asked. Darkrai simply shrugged, "I don't have much to say." He replied. "Well how are you going to make friends if you aren't social?" The lunar Pokémon asked. "I highly doubt I'll even need them." Darkrai replied honestly, Cresselia's mouth dropped in shock.

"Everyone needs friends!"

"You seem to really care about them, don't you?"

"Yup, if you want, I'll be your friend."

"Do whatever you want Cresselia, I wouldn't stop you." Darkrai explained as he entered the classroom, the teacher hadn't arrived yet, so the class was like a zoo. Darkrai rolled his eyes and was going to sit in the back corner, but was halted by Cresselia. "What are you doing sitting in the back row?" She asked. "I like it back there." He responded. "Well I'm not going to let you do that, how are you going to be social then?" Cresselia asked.

"Who said I wanted to be social? I'm fine with the way I am." Darkrai explained, walking to the back corner. "Well I'm not, come here you." Cresselia said dragging the dark type and plopping him in chair next to her. "See, much better." The lunar Pokémon smiled. "I hardly find this any better." Darkrai sighed, covering his head with his arms. "You just need to open up." Cresselia nudged him. "Stop, I don't need this." He murmured as he got back up. "Hey, where are you going?" Cresselia asked. "To the back seat, now leave me alone." He grumbled, taking a seat in the back corner. Cresselia was going to do something, but was stopped when the professor walked in.

"Hello class, and welcome to the 10th grade. Now before we start, there are some new transfer students here with us, would you kindly introduce yourselves?"


And that concludes the first opening chapter. NOTE: NO LONGER ACCEPTING OC'S, YOU NEVER SAW ANYTHING


>