


Second to last chapter and certainly to be a game changer. I'll be focusing on these last two chapters in tandem with my school and personal life. School is almost over so there'll probably be a lot of chapters being uploaded, but obviously not for this story because it'll most likely be over by that time.




XxanimegrimreapergirlxX: Dear DemonSlayerGod,
HGWGJSHSSVYJWHAVHJWN YOU HURT MY FANGIRL FEELS x5. This is my 5th (maybe 4th) time reading this and it hurts my feels every time. It also gave me feels for Giratina and Arceus. FEELS ARE EVRYWHERE!


That was sort of the plan…



Wolf master97: This is gonna be interesting, don't mean to be pushy but hurry up with the next one will ya? Curiosity is killing me.


I'll try, but you know…life.



Amethyst shipping: I see you like Mega X forms. Me too. And poor Cresselia. Heartbroken and kidnapped back to back. I bet Arceus would've been overjoyed to see Giratina (had you put it in, but I'm not mad). Love this story though.


That's not the actual reason I chose their X forms, but you'll learn in a little bit. I feel bad about Cresselia, but she'll get what's rightfully hers…maybe.



Andy112138: Ash! Awesome chapter! All the action was just HYPE WOOT WOOT! I love how Growlithe was so desperate to save Zorua despite his inexperience in battle. Aww he's so cute. And omg Sableye sure had his fun haha. I guess you can say he knocked himself out *executed for awful joke ew* And I'm glad that the action and fluff kinda balanced out here in this chapter, even though there was more action tbh. Aw man I can't wait for Darkie and Cressie to become a thing! Keep up the awesome work and I'll look forward to the next chappie!


I really have no response but I'm glad you enjoyed it.



Goldenwaddledees: It's as I thought. Its cliché if anything. When the guy rejects the girl he like to "protect" her something happens to her that forces him to use the thing he was protecting her from.


Originality is hard to obtain.



Itzmeall: Well, throughout that fucking insanity talking and crazy fighting, well boys are steuped (Literally), I wouldn't even tell you why, you'll get it. :D (if you can eventually... xD). Just like from the team against the team, Darkrai had forgotten something, but just barely he does it, literally. He was just like "Plead fucking insanity, and they can't get 'ya" term, well so much fights and compelling into bloodlust as if I may say.





And, really, Sableye, Tsundere? Yeah... :D





Well, that's a pretty amazing chapter you made! Can't wait to the next chapter, where it will ALL END!





See you at the next chapter...! :D


The line between Darkrai and Kira is ever so dwindling, even with everyone's help. He is a bit insane, but he's still there. Also, what does 'steuped' mean?



Pokemonking0924: So, will Sableye get the girl (Mawile) and what will become of her?


Oh, I don't want to spoil anything…



Hero LumiEre Lumanite: Timing is key- totally not a pun made by a Dialga. And Houdoom's Inferno, Dante's Inferno reference? I know there are like a dozen more things I could continue on with but that'd take 500 words right there. Remember kids; when $#! hits the fan, call an otaku for support. I give a fav to Sab's fight. Thinking of a shipping for Mewtwo and Genesect... I only use DNAshipping with MewtwoxDeoxys so I'll go with Labsubjectshipping. Are we allowed to make these? I don't know or care. Good job on the chapter and can't wait for the next.





Latias: Back to work!





Me: Hey! I'm the-





Latias: BACK TO WORK! *ends review*





Live, Love, Learn. Lights out.


I don't mind reading a long review, although I wouldn't post it here. I'm pretty sure the fans make up the shipping though.



Guest: There you are. I thought the Death Note thing well, nice chapter, the fight is epic (Still looking forward to the REAL epic fight).Lunareclipseshipping still not official, though Darkrai has made some on writing!





P/s: Are you on exams?





P/p/s: Want to have 1000 reviews? I'll spam :v


Glad you liked it. My exams are in May (I'm in the Cambridge Program, it's challenging), but I want to write as much as I can. Although don't spam, I want to earn my reviews.



BlackWolf:



Nice chapter by the way i like the introduction of mega evolution and how Sableye seems so badass with his mega evolution, by the way i like the way you sealed Kira by using sableye's gems. But which would you prefer though anime or manga? I need it so i can tell recommend you but the first one you should see is assassination classroom its funny. But all in all if it's very close to the end i hope you can make another Pokémon gijinka Highschool fanfic.


I actually prefer anime, cause you know….stuff. Assassination classroom is on my list, but I want to finish the second season of Tokyo Ghoul, among other anime. I don't mind adding things to my list though.



Leaffeather: Fight after fight after fight. So many FIGHTS. There were descriptions about it so that's ok. Favorite one was Sableye (think i spelled it wrong) and Mawile. I see a new couple coming up! Dark Dragons for the win in the PBC, or was it PBD? That's all i got to say so... see yah later!
Oh yeah, forgot to say. Congrats for getting two of your goals accomplished.


Well this is also an action fanfic, so it makes sense to have fights. I personally loved Sableye's fight, and it was my favorite to write. And it's the PBC (Pokédome Battlers Club). Thanks for your wishes, although I probably can't reach 100 favorites and/or follows. Oh well!



BlackDebockle: Holy jeez that was an amazing chapter. Though it's noticeably rushed. In my opinion you should write at a decent pace and try not to rush through it.


I wasn't rushing, I'm just lazy and don't recheck my writing. But I do rush a bit to appease you guys.



Some Person: Never thought of the kidnap option but I guess Arceus and Genesect will wait till the next chapter of Pokémon Highschool!
Sableye getting Mawile first kiss and SCORE with that grab though and I guess Gengar too OP
GOAL ACHIEVE! YEAH *(crowd clapping in the background and cheering) Not really a review for this one though* Welp I got nothing to say right now sooo can't wait for next chapter
-SP


Well I don't think anyone saw the kidnapping coming.
I think a couple people saw themselves in Sableye at that moment, but I'll leave that open up for debate.
Gengar was doing a thing and I was lazy…



The Legend of Vermillion: Cool Chapter! I was waiting for this my whole time! Keep it up we will be cheerin!





Sam- Yeah! You go bro!





Lexi- Yeah, keep it up!





My account is a collab with FeralinKawaiiilegends she is Lexi and my Cousin Alex is Sam. You go bro! - Vermillion Team


Thanks for your motivation ^_^
If you ever need anything from me, shoot your boy up with a PM.



Bzinga (Oh look, someone new!): Sableye, you sly devil you.
Anyway this is a very great story, I really enjoy the whole plot of it all. Well done.


I almost forgot this thing had a plot. Either way it's almost over.



Allthrustnovector (Two for one, not so bad): Great story, I read all 28 chapters over the course of 8 hours (I know right). But I can't wait for the next chapter (if there still is one). oh and your bio said look for your real name somewhere, I think I found it, I will pm it to you, could you tell me if I'm right?


So it takes about 8 hours to read 100,000 words…damn. There are still two more left, boy-o. Also my real name is kinda hard to find, but you're SO close.







"
Welcome to the FINAL match of the Pokédome Battlers Club! This match will decide who will be the victor of this year's tourney!"


The crowd screamed the names of either "Dark Dragons or Mighty Megas".

"
On one side we have the reigning champions, the Mighty Megas! With their team all being able to perform a feat known simply as 'Mega Evolution' in which they morph their bodies and achieve a much higher level of power. However it takes at least a couple of days to recover. With this power, they have been the champion for the past 5 years! They are led by Charizard, a vicious fire/flying type that won't stop until he wins. The other five members are Mawile, Houndoom, Tyranitar, Scizor, and Gengar!"


The sea of people cried in joy at the announcement of their favorite people.

"We love you, Charizard!"

"Tyranitar is the strongest!"

"Mawile is the prettiest on the team!"

"
On the other side we have the challengers, the Dark Dragons! They usually don't get higher than the first round, but with a new change of team members they have done immensely better! They are led by Mewtwo, a former member of the Mighty Megas. Their other members are Darkrai, Giratina, Yveltal, Dialga, and Palkia, who unfortunately is not available due to injuries, and was replaced with Sableye."


"Darkrai is the coolest!"

"Giratina has the best abilities!"

"Yveltal is so cute!"


The last match will begin in three…two…one…BEGIN!"



Mewtwo's fingers welded together, going from five to three. He grew a long purple tail as well as two miniature horns atop his head. The rest of his body grew thinner as he began to levitate.

Giratina once again dawned his gold faceplate with a black visor, which extended downwards and covered his mouth, with a small partition down the middle that split sideways everytime he opened his mouth. Six black, thin tendrils with red tips burst out of his back, whipping around violently.

Dialga sharpened the metallic grey fins on his arms and gyrated his shoulders to make sure the ones on his back were firmly secure. The blue diamond in the middle of his chest shined and sparkled as he got into a fighting position.

Yveltal cracked his fingers as his body grew some music appreciated bulk around the arms, legs, and chest. He sprouted his large black claw like wing, which cracked their knuckles as a red energy flowed underneath it.

Darkrai once again returned to his phantom like form, with white billowing smoke like flesh around his shoulders and atop his head. A large scruff appeared where his scarf was, covering his neck, his feet became a lot more translucent and seemed to recede back into his body and his hands hand grown and sharpened into large claws.

Sableye shrunk a little bit in size as his body seemed to be covered it was appear to be dark purple fur. His teeth sharpened into sharp white knives and his fingers turned into to claws just like Darkrai's. His eyes were encased in sapphire like goggles, as an emerald, ruby, and diamond emerged on his back.


The Mighty Megas all looked at each other and nodded. They all rubbed an area of their body, either their shoulder, neck, collar, or chest, and all started glowing.

Mawile's dress grew a bit tighter but her hair split into two gigantic mouths, complete with a small neck for them to move around a little bit.

Houndoom's horns grew a lot longer, reaching a foot on each side. His body got a bit buffer and a large chest plate made of pure bone appeared, and his spade tipped tail became a two pronged tipped tail.

Tyranitar grew a lot larger as large spines erupted from his back, four on each side. His claws looked like they could crush through cement.

Scizor's claws doubles in sizes and grew many claws, looking like the jaws of an alligator. His feet sharpened to stakes.

Gengar grew larger, having more rags around her arms as well a third eye in the middle of her other two that constantly remained open.

Charizard's wings had doubled in size and became more streamlined and a bit thinner. A small fin appeared under his chin and on both of his arms. The flame on his tail grew twice its normal size, which seemed to make the day even hotter and the sun even brighter.


"I should have expected them to use their Mega Evolutions…" Mewtwo scowled, muttering something to himself. "Nevertheless we'll still continue with the plan until they separate us."

Giratina nodded as he pointed towards the floor, forming small purple dimension, most likely the Reverse world in which he travels through. Mewtwo, Yveltal, Sableye and Darkrai all formed dark purple spheres in their hands and shot them into the small dimensions.

Once they all closed, Giratina extended his hand towards the enemy team, opening multiple portals in various locations all around them. In a fraction of a second after they were opened, multiple of the spherical projectiles were released, pelting all of them. It heavily damaged Gengar, but left Houndoom and Tyranitar pretty much unaffected. Mawile used her hair to protect the rest of the team, formed a large dome made of hardened hair-like steel.

Darkrai phased into ground as the projectiles continued to pelt the shield, turning into a puddle of shadows, slowly creeping towards the hair shield, before slipping in under it.

"Dark Bang."

A faint snap was heard as the hair shield exploded, sending Mawile, as well as dark mist and dust, skyrocketing into the sky, and the other members to the left and right of her. Houndoom and Charizard managed to get their balance as they rolled on the floor, releasing a jet of flames and combined and grew even larger and powerful, getting a boost from the extra sun. Yveltal and Giratina disappeared into the ground and Mewtwo teleported away, although Sableye and Dialga received the full force of the attack, causing them to drop to their knees.


Darkrai quickly scanned for a target, using the dust from the explosion as a cover. He spotted Gengar in the corner, trying to recover from the attack. Seeing his opportunity to attack, he chucked a Shadow Ball at her, grinning as hit her straight in the head. His happiness was short lived as a strong fist send him hurtling towards the ground, uniting his face with the dirt.

He rolled to the right, catching a glimpse of Houndoom trying to stomp him. The Pitch Black Pokémon leaped forwards and tried to slash him with his claws. The Hell hound dodged the attack and retaliated with a Feint Attack, punching the white haired boy straight in the chest; which pushed him back a little bit.

Houndoom's victory was short lived as a crimson laser from behind, forcing him to crash into a wall.


Yveltal let his wings drop the floor as he scoped the surrounding area. He had gotten a lucky break and caught a slight glimpse of Houndoom and used Oblivion Wing in his general direction.

He flapped his large claw wings to try to get into the air, but a sharp pain in both stopped him.

"You're not going anywhere." A female voice chuckled as she tossed the boy to and fro with her hair, throwing him against the wall.

"Shadow Ball." The two mouths from her hair as well her original mouth formed a dark purple orb, releasing all three of them at the collapsed boy. They would have reached him, if it had not been for the three rubies floating in the middle of the air.

"Miss me?"

"Where are you?" She growled, with a bit of a quiver in her voice.

"Wouldn't you like to know…by the way…nice animal prints."

The girl blushed as bright red as a ruby as she covered her skirt with her hands. "PERVERT!"

The Darkness Pokémon climbed out of the pool of shadow, grinning widely as he placed his hands on her stomach. "You're too easy." He laughed, charging a dark aura in his hands, letting it pulsate into her system. It rattled her insides, but she did not give in. She trusted her chest into his face, flinging her hair at him, chomping down on both halves of his body.

"How does it feel to be trapped? Should I squeeze my jaws a bit harder?" The Steel/Fairy type taunted. However her position of power was cut short as she felt an odd sensation in one of her jaws.

"H-hey! S-stop that! Whatever you're doing…" She blushed, opening her jaws to see Sableye nibbling on her tongue.

"Hurray! It worked!" He laughed, prying himself out of the trap.

"You…you…you…PERVERT!" Mawile screamed.

"You seem to be enjoying it." Sableye teased, firing a plethora of Shadow Balls at her.

"SHUT UP!" She screamed, swatting away the projectiles with her hair. "I'll DESTROY YOU!" The woman charged recklessly into the Darkness, gnashing her jaws at practically everything.

"And what makes think that?" He taunted effortlessly.

"Cause I'm better than you."

"Uh...huh…so how'd you not notice the Thunder?"

Mawile stopped and looked at the teen in confusion, "what Thunder?"

"This Thunder." He said as a yellow bolt of electricity came crashing done, electrocuting her whole body. She fell down, barely looking her opponent.

"Thanks Mewtwo!" Sableye called out, walking towards the collapsed woman.

"WELL?! Aren't you going to finish me off?" She growled.

"Nah, you're already down…there's no real reason to do anything." He shrugged. "Plus you're really attractive, so I don't want to cause extra damage. Let's meet up for coffee after we're done kicking your team's ass." He winked, disappearing into the shadows.

Mawile growled at being defeated by him, but the more she thought about it, the softer her expression grew. "He's…actually pretty cute."


Rolling to the right to avoid an avalanche, Dialga outstretched his hands, shooting a silver beam from his palms. Tyranitar craned his neck to the side, avoiding the blast. He dashed towards the Temporal Pokémon and chomped down on his left arm. The Armor Pokémon was resilient to Dialga's punches, eventually getting pushed back after the 6th punch, but the Steel/Dragon's Pokémon left arm had already been rendered unusable. Dialga fired a Flash Canon from his right hand, which Tyranitar deflected with little to no problem.

"This is bad…I've only got one arm to use." He muttered to himself. "Still, I've got to pay this bastard back for harming Palkia…"

He grounded his feet into the ground, inhaling as much air as he could.

"Roar OF
TIME
!"

His voice bellowed throughout the stadium pounding like heavy drums against the ears of the Mighty Megas' members.

Tyranitar held his hands against his ears and charged towards the Temporal Pokémon. However, he was moving at a much slower pace, as if time around him had slowed. The members of The Dark Dragons, still moving at a normal pace, shot a Shadow Ball at the slow moving Tyranitar.

He slowly went flying back, picking up speed as Dialga's roar began to subside. He crashed into the wall, only half conscious.

The Temporal Pokémon's stance began to falter, and he fell to the ground with a heavy thud, as a figure in purple loomed over him.


"This will help me recover the energy I lost during that dark one's little stunt…" A girl sighed as she casted some sort of pink dust over Dialga's body, particularly his head. Grinning widely, she inhaled the aroma it gave off while it was on his sleeping body, appearing to give the boy a deal of pain.

A tendril wrapped around her body and lifted her high into the air, before slamming the girl into the ground.

"Silly Giratina…you know that sort of thing doesn't work on me." The girl chuckled as she appeared from his shadow. He angrily swung his fist, but hit nothing but air.

"How's your girlfriend? She doing well? Is she still unwell from my 'treatment'?" She giggled, disappearing from the physical plane and appearing behind the Renegade Pokémon. Her hand turned into a sharp claw, crystalized in a dark purple energy.

"You're much too young and inexperienced to be fighting little ol' me." The girl chuckled as she delivered a powerful Shadow Claw, her attack scraping off some skin off of his back. A shock shot through his nerves at such a fast speed that his very muscles felt paralyzed by the electrical impulse.

"SHUT UP GENGAR!" He roared, whipping his tendrils widely, in order to hit the wicked girl at least ONCE, to get revenge for putting Arceus through an actual Nightmare and not being brave enough to fight him when he arrived.

"You're not even trying anymore…" Gengar chuckled, charging up a volley of Shadow Balls and released them all in Giratina's face, causing a colossal explosion, which once again engulfed the area in black smoke.


Ascending from the smoke cloud, Mewtwo condensed his psychic energy into a solid sphere. Charizard shot out of the smoke cloud as well, spreading his mighty wings as he gained even more height.

"
He was always cocky…"
Mewtwo thought as he pointed his sphere of energy towards the Fire/Flying type.

"You're not going to be hitting our captain~" Gengar giggled as she formed a sea of Shadow Claws that dragged Mewtwo back to the ground.

Charizard grinned widely as a roaring fire grew in his mouth, spewing out of his jaws and igniting the very air around it. The Psychic type's eyes widened as the flame grew larger.

"Guys, take co-"

"INFERNO!"

A wave of fire came spewing out of Charizard's mouth, engulfing the entire battlefield in flames. The embers doubled in size with every second, rising higher and higher.

"
Charizard takes a risky move and sets the entire arena ablaze! However the rest of his teammates are still down there! Is this a part of his plan?!"



The flames petered out and the ashes cleared away, revealed that everyone had been knocked out, both his teammates and opponents.

"HA! You are all weak fools!" Charizard laughed as he beat his mighty wings. "Where's all of your strength?! Have you all really given up?"

"
Not
all
o
f us…"

The Fire/Flying turned cocked his head and was greeted with a Shadow Claw, knocking him into the air, flailing like a ragdoll. Using his wings to stabilize himself, the Flame Pokémon hovered in the air and stared down at the only remaining remember.

"You look…different…" Charizard said with a hint of curiosity in his voice. "Can you also Mega Evolve?"

"This
is not
a
Meg
a Ev
olution…
it's som
ething much darker.
"

"And what would that be?"

"My
other half…Kira."


Charizard roared with laughter, but was cut off by the Pitch Black Pokémon teleporting right in front of him and slamming him down with another Shadow Claw. The wisps that surrounded Kira's ghostly body grew more violent, whipping around like storms. His hands had once again grew to the size of sickles, and his teeth had blackened and sharpened like steak knives. A black sludge drooled out of his gaping jaw, as Kira's scarlet eyes homed in on his prey.

Charizard immediately rebounded from his plunge and retaliated with a blast of flames which doubled in size with every second.

"
Dark Void…"
Kira muttered as he formed a small dark hole, that grew to the size of the Fire Blast and consumed it, like a black hole, before disappearing completely.

"
Is that the strongest you have?"
Kira laughed as he accumulated his energy into one hand, sending a dark laser towards Charizard.

The Flame Pokémon sped off to the right, flying in a circle to avoid the laser that Kira was trying to pin him down with.


"

Umm...folks? I'm afraid we're going to have to put a dome over these two, two avoid any casualties. We'll put up camera's to monitor what's going on."

Exploud said as he raised a large steel dome over the entire arena and a small team to clear out the fallen fighters.

Seeing the dome as an opportunity, Charizard let out a steady stream of flames and he flew in rings around the whole dome. His speed increased as the flames began to fly in the wind and form a cyclone. The flames grew hotter and hotter, as they spun faster and faster until Kira found himself stuck in a cyclone of fire.

The Pitch Black Pokémon screeched at the sight of the flames, bringing back the awful memory of his repressed childhood. They singed

"
Dark Bang!"


Lighting up like a bulb, Kira roared as his muscles generated an explosion of pure darkness, blowing away the flames like they were candles. He sped towards Charizard, shooting Shadow Balls at the speed of a machine gun. The Flame Pokémon grunted as his spat small blotches of fire at the Pitch Black Pokémon, dodging every orb with near perfection.

Kira dodged the blobs of potential death and continued with his onslaught. He dodged to the right of the final blotch as he fired a large dark purple blob at Charizard, before getting hit by a patch of fire he didn't see. He immediately dropped to the ground and thrashed widely to put out the fire.

Charizard took a moment to laugh at his competitor, only to suffer the same fate as he dropped down as he came crashing down.

Kira's eyes narrowed,
"I've never faced an opponent this powerful. I'm going to have to tap into Darkrai's power…"
His face looked grim as he thought of the consequences.

"
Screw it…HELL'S DEADLY VOID!"


Kira clawed the air around him, his sickles tearing into what seemed like another dimension, spilling darkness around the arena. Visibility was dropped to zero and the only sound that could be heard was the ghostly moans of the darkness.

"

It appears that we cannot see or hear anything…sit tight folks, this will clear up eventually."



A loud cackle was heard as a wave of Shadow Claws 'swam' towards the Flame Pokémon, tearing up his clothes and wings, leaving him tattered just like Kira. Charizard tried swatting them away, but they presumed to just keep on clawing him. He roared in anger as his body ignited, burning away all of the Shadow Claws up. The flames began to eat away the darkness around him, giving him some visibility.

"I've had ENOUGH from you. You should have burned like all the rest. ETERNAL BURNING INFERNO!"

Fire spewed out of his mouth like a volcano, melting a hole through the steel dome that was put up. The remaining fire started to spread, slowly eating up the darkness and destroying the dome, changing the area around it from black to orange.


The darkness was receding, leaving the Pitch Black Pokémon in the center of the chaos.
"You're weak Darkrai. Even with my powers you still lost."
Kira said as he manifested his own form and separating from Darkrai. He raised his right hand and smacked Darkrai across the face.

"You were the one who was controlling me so it's you who are weak." Darkrai retorted, slugging Kira back.

"
Your body couldn't handle my power."
Kira threw a punch as well.

The two continued trading blows, until Darkrai finally knocked his morbid counterpart down.

"Stop making excuses. You lost Kira...I'm not that strong, and neither are you."

"
It does not matter anymore. Nothing does now."


"What are you talking about?"

"
You've been using my power for so long that we are now conjoined. Now that we've lost, my power will run out and we will die."


"Why?"

"
I am only the manifestation of your pain. Your power comes from your emotions and will power, and I am energy created from your anger. Since you've been using it for so long, you are now fused with it. My power is almost gone, so unless you find some other kind of strength to support yourself, you're going to die, as will I."


Darkrai gritted his teeth and laid down in the receding darkness. "So this is how it ends, dying for something I didn't even want to do in the first place?"

"
Yup, and your pain isn't enough to get us out of this."


"This is not how I wanted things to end up."

"
How did you expect things to turn out? You're an antisocial who constantly pushes people away. No one loves you anymore."


The Pitch Black Pokémon shook his head and stood up. "There's still Cresselia."

"
Do you honestly think she still loves you after you crushed her heart?"
Kira laughed.

"I don't know, but I'm aware of my feelings towards her, and it will help us out here." Darkrai stated. Kira laughed again at this, clapping slowly.
"Oh wow, this is fantastic, the lonely Darkrai suddenly becomes all heroic and good natured because of a girl. Wake up idiot!"
Kira tried to push him back down, but his hands phased right through the Pitch Black Pokémon.

"I can never be cured, Kira. We both know that. I will always be moody, sarcastic, and slightly apathetic. That will never change, but because of Cresselia, and her devotion to trying to help me...you will never control me again." Darkrai grabbed his evil side and yanked it back into his body.
"So you want to merge with your morbid side? Am I suddenly going to go under a change and disappear forever?"
Kira chuckled as said merge was taking place.

"No, we will both walk down the path of neutrality. You will be, as you always were, the manifestation of my pain, but you will not resurface and take over my conscious."

"
You're condoning me to the voice in the back of your head?"


"Exactly, since you are only..."

"
...an extension of you..."


"...and we will walk our null path..."

"
...toge
ther..."

The both of them merged back into a singular being. Kira once again took control of the left side of Darkrai's body, reverting back to his ghastly form. However, Darkrai's eye turned icy blue once again, his teeth stayed the same, his hand turned back to normal, and

"Now...let's show Charizard how much we've been holding back."

"
Of course, but then you are going to have to attend to Cresselia. She is responsible for this after all."


"We will see Kira...we will see..."


The flames and remaining darkness were blown away as Darkrai/Kira emerged from the center.

Charizard tilted his head as odd curiosity hushed his seething anger. He gazed at the two of them, seemingly one being. One half was violence and the other was neutrality, fire and ice, dark and darker, split down the middle in perfect harmony.

"What ARE you?" He asked, trying to recover from his attack. His lungs felt like they were going to pop, but he had to keep on fighting, he was NOT weak. There was no way he was going to lose to this…thing.

"
We're not too sure myself."
They said in perfect harmony.
"We are two beings that get their power from emotions and willpower."


"
I thrive on hate"


"I've found a new source of power…love."

"Love? What kind of bullcrap is that?"

"
Weren't you listening? We're not sure how we work."


The Flame Pokémon growled in anger as he flapped his mighty wings. He roared louder and louder until his entire body caught on fire.

"
Why do you want to fight so much?"


"We live in a world where the strong prevail and the weak crumble. I was nothing until Mewtwo found me and helped me. Now that he's become weak, it's my job to take over."

"
What's the point of strength if you don't have any comfort from people? You burned your team."


"SHUT UP! FLARE BLITZ!"

Charizard took off from his spot in a corkscrew pattern with his wings tucked into his body.

"
Dark Void…"


Darkrai/Kira opened a small black 'shield' of sorts and held it in front of him.

Charizard collided with the little shield, causing the dome to begin to crumble. The Flame Pokémon flapped his wings harder, trying to crack the shield.

"This is for Cresselia…"

"
Dark Bang!"


The entire steel dome collapsed in on itself, turning the arena into nothing more than a scrap heap.


"

Is…anyone alive down there?"



A blast of fire and darkness shot a hole through the sheets of metal, and Darkrai and Charizard both climbed out. They both glared at each other, other Darkrai leaned close to Charizard's ear, seemingly whispering something life-changing. The Flame Pokémon stared at him, before nodding and letting his body succumb to fatigue, hitting the ground with a heavy thud.

"

It's…it's over! THE GREAT CHARIZARD HAS FALLEN! I REPEAT! THE GREAT CHARIZARD HAS FALLEN! DARKRAI IS THE VICTOR! THIS YEAR'S CHAMPIONS ARE THE DARK DRAGONS!"





Hooooollllllyyyyyyy shit that took a long time to complete.



Sorry about the wait, I had testing which ate up a good chunk of my time. And then I won an iPad so I was goofing off with that. Hehe…



ANYWAYS, the next chapter will be somewhere in June. I've got the most important scene already.



REVIEW FAVORITE FOLLOW DO ALL THAT NICE STUFF!



I'll see you guys later.


>