


Per the requests of reviewers I have gone over and edited this chapter. I hope it's a good change and PM me any ideas you have.



G'night.


Loving and Living in the Pokèmon World.


Pokèspeak indicated by ()



Speech heard and spoken by humans indicated by "



Name: Joshua Stone



Age: 16



Height: 5ft 8Inch



Weight:78kg or 156 Lb



Hometown: Newbark Town



Dream: Traveling Breeder and Competitive Trainer.



Prologue


Today was the day. Today was finally the day that Josh finally turned 16 (due to accidents with Pokèmon the age had to be raised). Today was the day he got his first Pokèmon from Professor Elm. He spent the night before packing his rucksack with as many items as he could. That includes Clothes, Food for himself, Pokèfood, Potions and Pokèballs. His bag was full almost to bursting as he left it to sleep. He woke at around 7:30am due partially to his excitement and to the fact that Professor Elm opens the lab at 8:00am. This left Josh just enough time to eat with his parents and his younger brother before he went to collect his very first Pokèmon.

After visiting the repair shop quickly to pick up my Pokegear, Which I dropped in the sink a week ago, I headed straight for Elms lab. Upon reaching the lap I am greeted by one of Elms assistants who takes me to the Professor himself.

"Good morning Professor Elm." Josh greets Elm with a grin

"Good morning to you too Josh. It's a little early to visit as I have only just arrived"

"Yeah sorry about that Professor but I turned 16 today. I wanted to ask if you could help me with getting my first starter pokemon?"

"Well just as it happens I am in need of someone to be a subject in a study for me."

"OH REALLY!? I'll do whatever you need Professor!"

Professor Elm turns and smiles nicely as he leads Josh on into his Pokènursery. Where he and his staff breed rare varieties of Pokèmon.

"You see what I need is someone to look after a Pokèmon for me, so I can see how the bond between trainer and Pokèmon grows when the Pokèmon travels outside its Pokèball. "

The Professor says as he opens a Pokèball chamber.

"My colleague informed me of a Trainer he gave a Pikachu to, the trainer travelled with it outside of its Pokèball all of the time and apparently the bond between them is unbreakable. Remarkably the Pikachu is one of the most powerful known in the world currently. We don't know whether this is because of it being outside of its Pokèball all the time."

"Is that where I come in Professor?" Josh asks as he walk to his side.

"Indeed this is exactly where you come in Josh. I want you to take a pick of these three Pokèmon and have it as your companion." The professor presses a button to reveal three Pokèballs.

"I get to choose?" Josh looks at the Pokèballs. "What are my choices?"

"Firstly the Pokeball here."

The Professor chooses one closest to him and releases the Pokèmon.

"Is Cyndaquil. The fire type. This is the Pokemon of choice for strong attack and strong speed." The little brown and yellow Pokèmon breathes a ball of fire.

Professor Elm puts the Pokèball down leaving the Pokèmon out. He picks up another ball.

"This is Totodile, The water type that's strong for Attack and Defence."

After the professor releases the small blue Totodile Josh can't help but be drawn to it. It's one of those moments that you know your choice is this one before you get all the options. The Totodile sees Josh staring and stares back with a cocked head saying its name a few times. Studying him intently like he was her.

"Toto totodile toto.(What? Never seen a Totodile before?)" Totodile states as it stands a little sassy. Its small arms as close to closed as they could get.

"Professor I choose Totodile." I mutter without moving.

"But you haven't seen Chikorita yet?" The professor askes confused.

"I know but I like this Totodile already, if that's okay Professor I would like him" I say sticking my hand out to the Totodile.

"TOTODILE! (Him? What do I look like a boy?)" Totodile protests as she builds the water necessary for a water gun.

"Yes Josh that's okay with me, But he is a She and is doesn't like being called a he." He states as he recalls Cyndaquil.

Totodile unleashes her water gun hitting Josh in the chest. This causes Josh to fall onto his ass.

"Offending a Pokèmon and Being hit in the face with a water gun. Great start Josh" he thinks to himself.

"Well I choose Her then. Sorry for getting it wrong girl" He exclaims as he jumps upwards. Meeting the Totodile with a smile, clothes now damp but not un-wearable.

"If that's what you choose then here." Professor hands me Totodiles Pokèball and the newest version of the PokèDex.

"Thanks professor. I have been waiting for this day for a long time." Josh shakes Elms hand with Glee.

"It's my pleasure Josh. I have given you the pokèdex to help you on your journey and so you can add to my research yourself. It will give you any information you ask it for. It will also alert you to numerous thinks such as deadly gas and Pokèmon."

"Thanks professor this is better than awesome. Thanks again."

(He still chooses me? Well at least he knows I am a girl now) Totodile thinks in her head. (He does have cute smile, but he better be a good trainer.)

Totodile walks forward as the Professor hands over her Pokèball to him. I get a better look at him. He looks at me briefly and smiles as the Professor explains some more about the Pokèdex.

(Hmm he's a bit tall but he smells nice) Totodile thinks as she smell his left trouser leg.

Josh looks down and see's his new partner Totodile sniffing at his trouser leg. He can't help but see how cute she looks. He bends down and picks her up with both hands. She squirms a little bit but then stares at him once at eye level.

(Hey! Hey! Why are you picking me up) Totodile thinks as she is picked up by Josh. She squirms in his hands till she is eye level with him. Then it happens. She loses herself in his hazel eyes. She can't help but stare intently at him and blush a little.

"Hey girl. I'm sorry I called you a boy a second ago. I'm Josh." Josh says as he stare's into her red pupils. Something about her is making his heart melt. He doesn't understand it.

"I hope we can have lots of fun as we explore and meet new Pokèmon together. If you want to come along that is?"

(That's his name. Josh) Totodile thinks as the name makes her heart flutter and she gets a slight tingle in her body.

"Toto….dile(H-hi Josh.)" Totodile stutters, feeling a little giddy.

Josh smiles at her little hello and takes it as a yes as he places her on his shoulder. She scrambles and grabs onto his shoulder so she can stand on his rucksack.

"You can give her a Nickname if you want. You can do it now or a bit later but it's up to her as much as you" Professor Elm tells me.

Josh looks at his shoulder to see those little red eyes focused on his. He brings his hand up and scratches her nose.

"Maybe later Professor. It's time to get going I think, thank you so much for helping me today. It means the world to me."

"You are very welcome Josh, Here is my number." Professor hands me a card "Call me if you need advice."

"Thanks Professor Elms. See you soon." He calls as he turns and runs towards the door with his very new companion on his shoulder. Totodile holds onto her new partner closely around his neck. He can't believe he has a Totodile for a Partner and friend to share his journey with. They know they are going to have a good time.

>