


Hey everyone, Thanks for the follows and do please submit a review if you can. It's much appreciated and I have started to set up the relations between trainer and Pokémon.



I have chosen to focus less on the speech then the first one in attempt to add more detail.



Thanks for the support. Hope you enjoy.


Loving and Living In the Pokèmon World

Part 2


Pokèspeak indicated by *



Human speech indicated by "



Both pokemon and human thought in ()


We pick up on Joshua's story six days later. He is currently heading towards Violet city after passing through Cherry Grove city without any incident. Totodile, or as she is now known as Kylee, is still his only Pokémon. He has attempted to capture a few but it's not been at all successful, Kylee is too powerful to just weaken the Pokémon. Normally knocking them out with only her water gun or scratch.

At this time Josh is in battle with Youngster Joey and his Rattata at a clearing in the Forrest.

"Rattata use Tackle!" Commands Joey to his Rattata. His Rattata launches itself head first at Kylee who was awaiting Josh's command.

"Toto todile*Arceus be damned that's a fast Rattata*" Kylee says waiting for Josh to react.

Josh responds to the attacking Rattata "Kylee Dodge and use Water Gun!".

"Totodile!*About time Joshie boy*" Kylee waits for the Rattata to get as close as possible before she twirls left away from it, in an almost teasing display that infuriates Rattata. The Rattata misses and goes a few feet past Kylee allowing her the time to build up the Water Gun then focus it on the Rattata's idle frame.

"Now!" calls Josh

Kylee unleashes the torrent of powerful Water and the Rattata is sent into a tree and is knocked out without any other struggle.

"TOTODILE TOTO*HOW DO YOU LIKE THEM APPPLES HUH!*" Kylee shouts and dances around twirling and jumping in a very happy manner.

Joey walks over and retrieves his re-awakening Rattata "Wow Josh you beat me faster than most do!" He puts his Rattata back in his Pokèball. "Can you teach me how to battle like you? Can I give you my phone number?"

Josh was only half listening as he was amused and captivated by the twirling victory dance that Kylee was doing. Even after a week he couldn't tell why he was drawn to her. He thought he best get back to the kid pulling on his arm.

"Errrr how old are you kid? I didn't ask before the battle. You just threw your Rattata at me and we battled" Josh chuckled as he moved Joey off his arm.

Joey blurts out in an almost gibberish sound. "Im ten! But that is like old enough for me to battle! My Rattata is like in the top percentage of Rattata's."

"Okay your ten so I'm not going to give you my number, sorry. Also that's kinda cool about your Rattata's percentage or something…" Joshua pushes Joey back from him "To be honest your Rattata need some rest and training, and soon. Thanks for the battle Joey."

"Aww okay Josh. See you later!" Joey runs off in a random direction shouting his goodbyes.

"Dear Arceus I hope he is going to a Pokémon centre." Josh turns to see Kylee still dancing around saying her name over and over. She seems to be enjoying herself so much she's forgotten about Josh. "Time to get her and carry on"

"Toto toto toto toto dile*Annnnnd another one gone and another one gooone! Another one bites the dust!*" Kylee is so into her victory dance she doesn't see Josh walking towards her to pick her up.

Josh walks over and goes to pick up Kylee but she gets startled. She reacts by turning and using Water Gun on Josh causing him to fall backwards again, this time on his back. He hits the floor a little too hard and his head hits the floor dazing him and causing his eyes to flutter a bit.

"Toto toto!*Oh god! Joshie I am so sorry!*" kylee shouts as she runs to him and jumps on his chest staring at his dazed face. "Toto! Totodile?*Josh I'm so sorry! Are you okay? Say something to me!*"

(Oh god that hurt. Where am I? What's on my chest?) All these thoughts float through Josh's head as he remains temporally paralysed. (If only I could open my eyes.) Josh attempts to open his eyes and see's Kylee staring directly at him. Something about the light and his dazed state shows off her face and eyes to him like he hasn't seen yet over the course of the week.

"Well hello there Kylee. You look pretty today. Did you get new eyes? They are beautiful." Josh says weakly and dazed. "Am I flirting with my Totodile? Nah I am just saying nice things." Josh thinks as he realises what he has said.

"Toto?*My eyes?*" Kylee blushes and sighs in relief that he's not brain dead. She looks down and sees his face and feels what she felt the day they first met. (*I don't get it. You look so handsome.*) She takes a sniff of his collar and can't help feeling a little tingle through her body. She leans down and licks his cheek. Another little tingle goes through her body. (*Am I attracted to him? But He is Human and I'm a Pokémon. That can't be normal. Can it?*)

Kylee hops of his chest to his side when he tries to sit up. She is still blushing as he sits up and smiles at her.

"It's odd when you lick my face Kylee, it feels funny." He says as he scratches Kylee on the nose, her favourite place as she showed him the other day.

"Totodile, Toto….dile *I'm so sorry Josh*" Kylee responds apologetically.

"It's okay girl it's my fault for interrupting you when you were dancing. You looked so happy and cute I should have just watched." He replies, after getting the gist of her Pokèspeech, and smiles at her again and then stands up "thanks for looking to see if I was okay."

"Toto Totodile *are we going now?*" Kylee askes as she climbs up Josh's leg to his shoulder.

"Yeah girl it's time to move on. My heads still sore but we need to find a place to camp tonight so let's get going" He scratches her nose again as he sets off north to Violet city.

"Toto…*oh Arceus that's good.*" Kylee says as he scratches her nose.

Riding on Josh's shoulder has the added benefit of being close to him. Kylee can't help it as she constantly can smell Josh's musky scent as he walks. Something about it is affecting her body and she's helpless to it. She takes a deep breath and shivers. She hugs his neck and smiles knowing there's no one she would rather be with, out here traveling the world.

Perched on a tree only a few foot away is a pidgey.

(Hmm that Totodile looks strong. I need a good challenge.) The wild pidgey thinks as it takes to the sky to follow them.

>