

THE
DYING STONE


by Soledad



Disclaimer:
The
characters, the context and the main plot belong to Professor Tolkien, whom I
greatly admire. I'm only trying to fill in the gaps he so graciously left for
us, fanfic writers, to have some fun. If we can speak of fun, concerning the
topic discussed here.

The wonderful Quenya poem at the end of the story
belongs to Björn Fromén.


Rating:
G


Summary:
After the Kinslaying in
Alqualondë, Olwë mourns over his beautiful city.


Author's Notes:


This short story was inspired by a discussion on the
Silmfics list, about the nature of that Arch of living stone in the harbour of
Alqualondë. I am not very good with arguments, but I wanted to express my
thoughts – so I have written this story.

The description of Alqualondë follows the Lost Tales,
except of the opening quote. I also use the earlier name for the Teleri,
calling them the Solosimpi, the pipers of the shores.


Dedication:
to
Círdan, my fellow writer as a sign of my gratitude for our discussions and the
selfless beta-work.

THE DYING STONE


''… marvelous were the beaches of Elendë in those
days. And many pearls they [i.e.: the Teleri] won for themselves from the Sea,
and their halls were of pearl, and of pearl were the mansions of Olwë at
Alqualondë, the Haven of the Swans, lit with many lamps. For that was their
city, and the haven of their ships, and those were made in the likeness of
swans, with beaks of gold and eyes of gold and jet. The gate of that harbour
was an arch of living rock sea-carved; and it lay upon the confines of Eldamar,
north of the Calacirya, where the light of the stars was bright and clear.''



The Silmarillion – Of Eldamar, pp. 61-62


* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

In the untroubled days, before the Darkening of
Valinor, before the theft of the Silmarilli and before the first blood was shed
in the Blessed Realm, Alqualondë had been a most wondrous city, brimming with
life, full of music and laughter and the merry voices of the Solosimpi whom the
other Elves called the Teleri – or the Lindar, for in their hearts the First
Music of the Ainur was rooted deeper than in any other of their fair kin.

Swanhaven she was called, for the white ships of the
Sea-Elves, made in the likeness of the great, strong-winged swans of Ossë that
had once drawn their ships from the Lonely Island to Eldamar, rested floating
at her shining quays, and the wistful sounds of their slender pipes, made of
the many-coloured seashells Ossë had created for their delight, could be heard
come faintly down the winds.

For Swanhaven was like a basin of quiet waters, save
that towards the east and the seas the ring of rocks that enclosed it sank
somewhat, and there did the Sea pierced through in its passionate onslaught, so
that there was a mighty arch of living stone, open and yielding to the caress
of the never-tiring waves. So great was this arch, indeed, that save of the
mightiest ships two might have passed through there, one going out mayhap and
another seeking inward to the quiet blue waters of the haven, nor would have
the mast-tops come nigh to grazing on the rock.

Not much of the light of the Trees came thither
aforetime by reason of the wall, wherefore was it lit ever with a ring of lamps
of gold, and lanterns there were too of many colours tokening the wharves and
landings of the different houses, for truly, very few of the Solosimpi would
have chosen to live anywhere else but on the shores, where they could play
their pipes and watch the merry groups of the Oarni and the Falmaríni and the
long-tressed Wingildi – the spirits of the foam and the surf of ocean – dance
upon the waves to their music. Also, they still delighted in the starlight that
they had loved since the days of the Awakening and had not abandoned even for
the radiance of the Trees. Yet through the arch the pale waters of the Shadowy
Seas might have distantly been glimpsed, lit faintly with the shining of the
Trees, and that was enough for the Sea-Elves.

Very beautiful was that harbour to glimpse upon, what
time the white fleets came shimmering home and the troubled waters broke the
mirrored radiance of the lamps into rippling lights, weaving strange patterns
of many twinkling lines. And the members of the many households would sit on
the open balconies of their houses, playing their pipes in wistful allurement
and waiting for their great benefactor and mentor, the Lord Ossë, to rise from
the weaves and sit on the rim of the Arch to listen to their music, while the
younger ones, clad in wide robes that were sewn with pearls, were dancing upon
the lamplit quays, and the soft ringing sound of the waves touching the white
stone of the Arch was beyond all sounds enchanting.

In those days, not all that long ago, Olwë, King of
the Sea-Elves, had often descended from his mansions to the harbour, sitting
with Ossë upon the warm, white stone of the Arch, wet from the kisses of the
Sea and murmuring gentle, wordless answers to the caressing waves, and they
would exchange tidings about Valmar – where Ossë had not been ever since his
quarrel with Ulmo about the fate of the Sea-Elves – or about the Great Lands
beyond the Shadowy Seas.

For Ossë would not abandon the greater part of the
Solosimpi that remained in the lands of their Awakening, and often he would
tell Olwë tales about his kinsman, Círdan, who had become the Lord of the
westernmost havens and the Falathrim that lived there. And he had tales about
Elwë, too, the brother of Olwë, once the King of all Solosimpi and now Lord of
the woodland folk. Tales that had found their way from Elwë's realm to the
Falas, despite the darkness that was still shadowing the Great Lands.

Those were days and years of joy, even though
permeated with slight melancholy, for like most of his folk, Olwë could not
forget his home of old, the starlit mere of Cuiviénen and the times when
starlight was the only radiance that he had known. Yet though he had not been
among the first ones that had been brought to Valinor, his brother's heart, who
had seen the light of the Trees, was captured by it for ever; and Elwë had sung
wondrous songs about that light, and when he was lost, Olwë took the task upon
himself to bring their people here. And here he had been living, on the border
of the starlit Seas and the far-away radiance of the Trees, and he was happy
and content, even though his heart yearned to see his old home at times.

Aye, those had been good years, years full of wonder.
But now the graceful swanships were gone, and a deep gloom was settled on the
harbour at the fading of the Trees. And the flawless flesh of the living stone
that had grown for countless Ages before even the coming of the Valar, was
stained with the spilt blood of the innocent; the golden lamps of the Arch were
broken and their shimmering light quenched; and the white decks of the
swanships, taken by force by those that had slain their mariners with hard iron
and cruel hands, were soaked in blood; and they were gone. The wharves and
landings and darkened quays were littered with broken bodies – empty shells of
all the fëar separated from their housings by the treacherous hands of their
own kin.

And so now that the Kinslayers were gone and with
them the once-white ships that had been the pride and joy of the Sea-Elves,
their King slowly descended from the clifftops that gazed down upon Swanhaven,
where he had chased some of their attackers up the rock, driving them out northwards
where the way was very rugged and evil and leaving them to the mercy of the
Valar or whoever wanted to take pity on them.

With slow and weary steps Olwë came down from the
clifftops wherefrom the Solosimpi of old cut winding stairs in the rock leading
down to the harbour's edge. His pearl-sewn white robes were shredded and
stained with blood – with the blood of his own people whom he had tried to help
in vain; but also with the blood of those whom he had slain himself, in order
to protect those that were his responsibility. His long hair had come loose
from the braids during the bitter fight and was now shadowing his grim face
like a silver veil of mourning, and he was distraught with sorrows and wildered
in mind; for though he had fought the evil creatures of darkness in his youth,
he had never raised his hand against his own kin before, and from this dark day
on, his innocence was lost, forever.

Down he came the winding steps to the harbour, til he
reached the Arch, and he saw that the Sea was roaring with the wrath of Ossë
and swollen with the tears of Ónen, the Lady of the Seas, so that the waters
were spraying up high upon the flat steps of the quays. And the uproar of the
foaming waves clashed against the great Arch, not with the usual loving caress
that had shaped the stone since the shaping of Arda itself, but with a brutal
force, as if the Sea itself were lashing out in its wrath and grief.

So terrifying it was to see the rage of the darkened waters
that Olwë – fearing for the first time that he had loved in his entire life –
reached out to the Arch to find some support. But when his trembling fingers
touched the stone, it felt cold and lifeless, lacking the barely recognizable
vibrations of life he had been used to. At that Olwë threw back his head and
gave a long, keening wail of grief, but for the first time, his ringing voice
echoed not back from the Arch, for it was cold and deaf now.

And as if in answer to his wordless mourning, the
upheaval of the Shadowy Seas reached its peak beyond the now unresponsive Arch,
and a single wave rose from the stormy waters, towering over all the others,
huge as the very hills themselves; and nearing the shore it parted and gave way
to the blue-grey form of the enraged Ossë. Horrible was the darkened face of
the Maia to look upon, his bottomless eyes burning with grief and hatred; and
he raised a watery fist and slammed down at the Arch that was no longer
answering to the soft murmurs of the Sea – for the spilt blood of the
Solosimpi, shed by greedy hands and cruel weapons, poisoned the very flesh of
the stone and it could not be healed again.

Olwë retreated in hurry back up to the landings of
his own, abandoned mansions, watching as the stone broke and fell to pieces
under the deadly strike of Ossë; and the beautiful Arch, shaped by the loving
caresses of the winds and the wet kisses of the waves in long, patient labour
during the uncounted Ages before the Awakening, crumbled into the foaming
waters as if it wished to be cleansed. And Olwë, knowing that there would be no
more wistful piping echoed by the soft vibrations of living stone any more,
mayhap not even after the End of Days when Arda would be re-made, bent his brow
to his pulled-up knees and wept.

Further away, on the other side of the town, the
mourning voices of the survivors rose to invoke an old song. Once it had been a
song of love and joy, but from now on it had become and remained forever a song
of deep sorrow.

Túcin' earenna, a tyare ni tár,

aran or laire, or lóme!
Níte ná i litse, milmenya ve nár,
írimo nése ve laure.
Hostaine nísier i fá lungatar,
a mare earenna nin
mennai i lóme ontuv' aure!


* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

(The poem above is the chorus of "Ta mig till
havet," a song by the popular Swedish singer Peter Lundblad. Translated
into Quenya by Findegil / Björn Fromén. Found on the Mellonath Daeron website,
i.e.: not mine!)

Translation (not by me, obviously):

'[After having] taken [me] to [the] sea, make me
king, lord over [the] summer, over [the] night! Moist is the sand, my yearning
like fire, [the] fair one's youth like golden light. Gathered fragrances make
the air heavy; stay by the sea with me until the night begets [a new] day!'

>