


Prologue


Alex sighed once again, and checked her reflection in the mirror for the fourth time. She had gone through most of her clothes; none of which seemed right for her date with Mason. Now, she was wearing a black concert T-shirt and jeans, and her usual choice of boots. Alex smiled at her reflection, and was almost about to head out when her wand vibrated on her nightstand. "Huh?" Alex wanderd aloud. Alex walked over to her nightstand and picked up her wand, the turquoise gem at the top blinking on and off. "Wand-message?" Alex questioned, wandering who would have called her; she held it up to her ear.

"
Alexandra Margarita Russo, I request your presence under someone very…
dear
to you. If you truly wish to save your family, that little tag-along Harper Finkle, and that pet of yours; Mason Greybeck then I suggest that you meet me at the Hall of Wizards right now. Goodbye, and I'll be seeing you."


The line went dead, Alex's eyes widened in disbelief. Hurriedly, she whipped her wand in a circling motion and instantly, she was no longer in her own room but in the Hall of Wizards. Alex looked about the hall, not much had changed since her last visit-except that the crystal ball that had once held the famous wand of Renauldi had been removed by Felix; one of Justin's former students. Other than that, everything was the same.

"Alexandra, I knew you would come." A voice said making Alex jump.

"It's just Alex; and who the hell are you? How do you know so much stuff about me?" Alex asked, trying to hide her fright.

"Oh, Alexandra- I am a friend; here to do my job instructed to me by my mentor." He said, twiddling his wand between two of his fingers.

Alex scoffed, and crossed her hands over her chest. "I told you it's just Alex, our did you not get the message; creep. Also, who is this mentor of yours?"- Alex put air quotes around the word 'mentor'- "Whoever he is he needs a serious butt kicking!"

"Oh, my dear; I wouldn't say that just yet. Now, it is almost time for me to take my leave so-" he raised his wand and pointed it at Alex.
"H-2-O-Russo!"
He exclaimed, whilst making back and forth motions with his hand. Alex was suddenly surrounded by magic, it picked her up and carried her into the Aquarium. There was a splash, and now there Alex was-trapped inside the endless waterfall.

>