


Notes: I just really like making harry potter au's of things



Notes 2: This was made a couple months ago, and I probably won't continue it, but enjoy!


Eren glared at the broom in his hand as if it had smacked him. Quidditch tryouts had gone terribly, as per usual. He had tried his hardest to get onto the team but he had failed, yet again. He sat dejected in the bleachers, Armin and Mikasa on either side of him.

"You still have two more years to train and get on the team." Armin offered with a smile.

Eren sighed. "Mikasa should try out. Reiner would probably take her even though she isn't even a Gryffindor. He would probably take anyone over me."

"Don't put yourself down Eren. At least no one fell of their broom this time."

"Shut up Armin."

-x-x-

Marco and Jean walked side by side through the silent halls of Hogwarts. The two prefects were patrolling the area for students out of bed. The teachers wanted to promote 'inter-house unity' or something, so each student had to partner up with someone from another house. Jean and Marco had immediately paired up.

Jean grinned when he noticed where they were.

"Hey, we should stop by the kitchens."

"No, we're supposed to be patrolling for rule breaking students, not being rule breaking students." Marco gave him a look.

"Ah, come on. The house elves love me they won't say anything to the teachers. We can even ask for pumpkin pie." He nudged Marco in the ribs. Jean knew Marco loved pie, especially pumpkin.

Marco gave a long-suffering sigh. "Fine, but only because there's pie involved."

-x-x-

Students ran around screaming and trying to get out of the way as fireworks exploded everywhere in the Gryffindor common room.

Red and blue and green sparks turned into various magical animals before exploding into a shower of sparks and falling to the ground.

Standing on the stairs leading to the boy's dormitory stood Sasha and Connie, both giggling as they watched their classmates run around in a panic.

"I thought fireworks were banned at Hogwarts," an amused voice from behind them said.

Both whirled around to find Reiner standing behind them. They stared at him with wide eyes.

"Please don't tell anyone," they scream-whispered in unison.

>