


A/N:
This is my first fanfic in many years. It is an AU fanfic based on NBC's Revolution, focusing on the Charloe (Charlie and Bass/Monroe). Hope you guys enjoy!

And this is the prompt that inspired the fanfic: post/72301690741/i-really-need-a-teacher-student-au-where-charlie



Chapter 1



Thud!


A picture frame bounced off the bed and landed facedown on the floor. Charlie had been pulled out of her deep thoughts at the sound of the door opening abruptly, and had accidentally knocked over the picture frame she had just pulled out of her suitcase and placed on her bed.

She looked up to glance at the intruder who had interrupted her. Her eyes landed on a short, thin-framed girl with rectangle glasses who was struggling to carry two boxes, that were threatening to bring her down with them, inside the room. This explained why she had opened the door so loudly; the poor girl could barely keep herself balanced, let alone the weight of the boxes that seemed larger than her.

"I'm guessing you're Charlotte Matheson?" the girl asked as she stood in the doorway, leaning on the door for support to keep her boxes from falling.

"And I'm guessing you need help with before those boxes drag you down with them.," Charlie answered with her eyebrows slightly raised in a joking manner as she cracked half a smile, and walked over to the door to help the poor girl out. "Oh, and I prefer Charlie."

Charlie took the two boxes form the girl and set them down on the right side of the room. When she turned around, with her hands on the back of her hips, the girl had composed herself somewhat and did not seem in any danger to fall over.

"You're a lifesaver, literally! I'm Angela, your roommate. And I prefer Gella," Gella said as she smiled and stuck her hand out towards Charlie.

"It's nice to meet you, Gella," Charlie smiled back as she shook Gella's hand. "I hope you don't mind, I took the left side."

"Oh, no, it's totally fine. I probably would have been indecisive about picking a side anyway," Gella laughed. "I'm gonna head back down to help my dad with the rest of my luggage. See you in a bit!"

As Gella walked out of the room, Charlie smiled and walked back over to her bed. She picked up the picture that had fallen off her bed earlier and turned it over. It was a picture of Charlie with her mom and Uncle Miles. The picture was old, from back before her dad had died and things in the Matheson house had taken a little bit of a jaded turn. She adoringly looked at the picture as she traced the faces of her mom and Uncle Miles, two of her most favorite people in the world, and reminisced about the much happier times.


"You ready for tomorrow?" Gella asked, as she sat down on her bed.

"Not really, but I guess nobody is ever really ready for the first day of school, whether it's high school or college," Charlie said matter-of-factly as she changed into her pajamas.

"I guess you're right," Gella sighed. "What classes do you have tomorrow?"

"I have English in the morning, then a break, and then I have US War History at noon," Charlie replied.

"Ew…war history? Sounds boring," Gella said making a face.

"I don't know, sounded kind of intriguing to me," Charlie muttered absentmindedly as she thought about the real reason she had found the class so interesting. "I guess I'll find out tomorrow." She walked over to her bed and climbed in.

"Night!" Gella said softly.

"Night," Charlie smiled.


"Excuse me," Charlie whispered as she made her way out of the library, and towards her next class. She wondered if the college hallways were always this crowded, or if the chaos was just caused by large number of confused and lost freshmen.

She had spent the time between her two classes looking for the assigned reading books for her English class in the library. Now, as the clock neared noon, Charlie made her way over to the History wing of the building for her next class.

She didn't know whether she was excited or nervous for her next class. No, the uneasy feeling of anxiety in her stomach was not caused by the intrigue of a US War History class. It was caused by the anticipation of what else she might find in the classroom. In reality, Charlie did not know what to expect, or even why she had signed up for the class. She didn't really understand what she was hoping to encounter by putting herself in this situation. Was she even expecting for there to be a situation? She did not know. She did not have answers to any of these questions. So, Charlie just put one foot in front of the other as she made her way to room number 314.

She made her way into the classroom, and sat down at the nearest empty seat she found. Her limbs were feeling tingly out of anticipation. Anticipation for what, she didn't know. She pulled out her notebook, and started doodling on the front cover to help her anxiety die down.

The class started quieting down as a sound of shuffling footsteps was heard coming from the front of the classroom. Charlie looked up and froze. She hadn't expected him to look so young, or so
beautiful
. She mentally smacked herself.
He's your uncle's age!


Not that Uncle Miles was some ancient looking fellow or anything, but somehow, in all of their stories, both Uncle Miles and her mom had forgotten to mention how attractive he was. What was Charlie expecting to see? A short, chubby, old guy with a beer-belly? She didn't know. She hadn't ever really tried to picture what he would look like. She was just intrigued by the stories and the mystery of this unknown man that she had never met. Or at least she never remembered meeting.

He had now made his way over to the desk, and had pulled out a sheet of paper from his bag. He did not look particularly enthusiastic about the coming to class this morning. Charlie wondered why that was. As she observed all his actions closely, trying to put them in perspective of all the stories she had heard, he started calling names off the roster sheet. He monotonously made his way down the roster sheet without once looking up at the students, sounding a little bored, until he reached a particular name. He paused for a second as his eyes lit up with curiosity, and his earlier expression of boredom suddenly left his face.

"Charlotte Matheson?" he called out as he finally looked up at the class, scanning the room for the owner of the name.

Charlie gulped as a strong tingling sensation took over her entire body. The uneasy feeling in her stomach returned, tenfold stronger. She finally mustered up the courage to slightly raise her hand.

"Here," She mumbled.

Professor Monroe's eyes scanned the room for the source of the voice, and finally rested on Charlie.

His crystal blue eyes gazed into her sparkling blue eyes, and she knew that this was going to be no ordinary class.

>