

Chapter 1


Hey all. This is a Pokemon story based Pokemon story which is based in Krimson Kane's Pomeon world. It is a bit different but read a few chapters...and you'll love it! Krimson Kane's story is much longer and as I'm just starting and if you want to read it first..go ahead!



Thanks once again to Krimson Kane for creating this world and allowing me to create a story in it.



Let's start our adventure!




Chapter 1: Pokemon!



Auconi sat at computer staring at the screen, unblinking. He had spent two hours tring to hack into the Call Of Duty main servers but nothing had come up.
Those bastards. I'll get 'em.
He was making one last attempt, using his terminal.
*Beep*
Huh? He looked at the terminal to find he had hacked locally. Reading the information, he saw that he had hacked into 'Otto'. He breifly remembered that Otto was the genius who lived down the road, and was always kind and polite. Auconi felt bad for hacking into Otto's...whatever, but nonetheless, he continued. He read the terminals options and had to select whatever electrical wireless transmitting device he could. Hmmm. He could select:

-Computer 1

-Computer 2

-Computer 3

-Laptop

-Dimensional Transfer Device

What the hell was a dimensional transfer device? Curious, Auconi selected it. Nothing happened.

All of a sudden a bid red button appeared on screen. What? Was this some virus? He tried to access his browser but in doing so, he clicked the button. The screen went black. Nothing happened. Suddenly there was a flash of light so bright, Auconi put his hands over his eyes. He then lost conciousness.


When he came to the first thing he felt was a pounding headache. Then he realized he was lying on a bed, curtains closed and under the duvet. Auconi groggily jumped out of the bed and opened the curtains. Outside was a view he doubted he'll ever forget. The sun was shining brightly and children were playing in some sort of small field. He turned around before opening the door to the passage-way. It was undoubtedly a big house. He walked down the corridor before finding stairs that led downstairs.

Auconi found himself downstairs. He looked around and all he could find was an open door that led to the kitchen. He could see that because of the microwave and half of a table he could see through the door. Slowly he walked into a kitchen. It was classy, he could say that much. The table was small but finely polished-he could se his reflection in it! He jumped when he heard humming. Auconi realized that there was a woman in the kitchen with him. She had her back to him and was cooking something delicious. He could smell it.

"Um...excuse me?" He jumped a little when his voice came out squeakier than expected. The woman jumped before turning around and looking at me.

"Oh hello, dear you're awake are you? My name's Laura, by the way. Laura Oak."

He was never good with introductions. Auconi usually preferred to keep to himself if not in small groups of people. "Um. Hi, my name's Auconi...um...where am I?" He asked.

She chuckled a little. "Well, my husand and I were coming home from training, when we found you on our doorstep. You looked perfectly normal, just unconcious!"

"Um, training?" He asked. Auconi was completely and utterly confused. Laura was about to answer when the door opened and two men walked in. One had black hair and hazel eyes and was grinning goofily. The other was...different, to say the least. He had onyx eyes which showed his annoyance, and light blue hair. Not only that, but his body hair was a little thicker than average...and it was blue, just like his head hair! Auconi realized his mouth was hanging open. He closed it.

"Auconi, this is Brian Oak, my husband and this," she said pointing at the furry blue guy,"is Rei. A Lucario. And our gaurdian Pokemon." She smiled.

Auconi pointed at Rei. "So...you're telling me...that he's a pokemon?" Auconi hesitated a little at the end. It seemed a little crazy to say out loud.

"Of course!" Rei nodded. Auconi jumped a little.

"Hmmm, why don't you explain everything for us at the beginning, son, eh?" the goofily grinning man, Brian asked.

So Auconi explained everything. How in their world, pokemon started off as a cartoon before being produced into games. He then explained everything in the Pokemon series that happened. Then he explained the games. Well, he explained everything he remembered. Then he told them about the big red button and how he ended up here.

"That's craziness," Brian exclaimed,"It's too dangerous for children to venture out there into the wilderness, much less adults. Over half the population over the world is terrified to walk into a wilderness!"

"That dangerous, huh?" Auconi murmured.

"Pokemon have two forms in this world. The anthropomorphic form, which you're looking at right now, and their beast form, which-I think- is the form that is used in your games. This is Rei's anthropomorphic form and his beast form is this-if you may, Rei."

He nodded."Sure."

Rei suddenly started shrinking while his hair grew thicker and ears grew bigger and blacker. He didn't have much to shrink from, so within seconds he was a fully built Lucario. Auconi marvelled at the realistic sight before him. "A Lucario...in real life..." he whispered as he sub-conciously rew closer to Rei. Auconi realized what he was doing and quickly shook his head, as he backed off. Rei then changed back again.

"So, how should I find my way back?" Auconi asked, still keeping one eye on Rei.

"Well, you could talk to Professer Oak, he should know someone who could send you back. He's just on the other side of Pallet Town in a large science-looking building.. It's hard to miss. Oh, and take this with you. It'll tell him everything." Brian smiled gently, handing him a letter. Auconi nodded his head.

"Well, thank you guys for keeping me here and telling me about everything. Thank you." Auconi said.

Laura smiled. "Its no problem, dear. Now you go on!" She smiled at him. Auconi nodded, and then he was gone.


Auconi strolled through the town occasianally receiving an odd glance here and there. On his way he saw a few Pokemon in their beast forms, playing with children. He smiled at the sight, but it soon turned into a frown. Auconi wanted to stay here so badly and become a Pokemon Trainer but knew that he belonged on the normal Earth...not here. He soon arrived at the famous Professor Oaks lab. Uncertain, Auconi made my way inside, more than a little surprised when the doors automatically opened.

An old man made his way to me and with a shock, I realized it was Oak. He was older then in the games. It seemed real-life really does a number on people. "Um, hello Professor. Brian told me to give this to you."

"Hello, and thank you." The professor smiled lightly and took the letter and read it. As he was reading the letter, his smile turned into a grimace, and that turned itno a frown. "I see. So it basically seems that you are from another world and you need to get to Brian to get home. You won't be able to make the journey without dying. Seen as few people want to be trainers here I have a selection of Pokemon to help you on your journey."

Auconi gasped. This was completely unexpected. He soon turned giddy with excitement. "OK, I'll take it!"

Professor Oak led him through a few doors and passages until they reached a room. Three Pokeballs were on a small table of a kind.

"Auconi, these Pokeballs contain three Pokemon-Charmander, Squirtle and Bulbasaur. I doubt their will be a single trainer this year so I suggest you should take one." Professor Oak explained while looking at Auconi out of the corner of his eye curiously. Auconi ignored it.

"I choose Charmander!" he exclaimed. He reached out to take the Pokeball but the Professor stopped him.

"Stop!" Auconi looked confused.

"Huh?"

"Pokeballs that contain Pokemon owned by Trainers have this," he pointed at a button with a needle sticking out,"a DNA button. It links your DNA to your Pokemon, and allows you to control it with a link used by your DNA. You can also use it on vacant ones as well." With that Professor Oak grabbed Auconis hand and pressed the thumb against the prick.

"OW! SHIT!" he hollered. Professor Oak looked at him sternly.

"No swearing!" he exclaimed. Before smiling. "Charmander is now yours. Call him out if you want."

He hesitated. "OK..." he mumbled, trailing off. He grabbed the Pokeball and pressed the button. The Pokeball enlarged and now Auconis hands were slightly stretched. He moved his hands back. Before throwing the Pokeball. "Charmander, I choose you!" The Pokeballl flew out and a red energy light shot out. Suddenly, Charmander was there! Surprisingly, the Pokeball returned to his hand.

"Char?" I looked down to see the Pokemon looking at me curiously.

I laughed. I pressed two buttons on the side of the Pokeball and the Pokeball flipped open and Charmander returned. "Ohhh.." I murmured. Professor Oak laughed.

"With that over. Come over here, Auconi. Here are five Pokeballs for you. You can get more on your journey."

I scowled at them before inputting my DNA, cursing under my breath every time. "What are these?" I asked. There was a bar, going red to green to blue. It looked like it had place for six settings and the switch was in the middle between green and blue.

"Ah! That is your method of control over the Pokemon. The closer it is to red the more control you have over your Pokemon but the less you are in sync. The closer it is to blue the less control you have over your Pokemon but the more you are in sync. Green is in the middle. Get it?"

Auconis brain was dizzy from all the information but he nodded his head as he moved Charmanders switch to green.

"Here is your Trainer Insurance Tablet. It is your identity when you are at official Pokemon centres for when you are injured. Keep it safe."

The pair walked to the exit of the Pokemon building in silence. When they reached the exit, Oak turned to him."One last present." he said and pulled a Trainer belt from behind his back. Auconi gasped and buckled it putting five empty Pokealls into a pouch and Charmanders into a slot. He then put the tablet on a type of holster. "Good Luck, Auconi."

Auconi walked to the edge of a forest.

He smiled.

An adventure was about to begin.

>