


Author's Note:
Originally this was just one chapter about Tami visiting Tim in prison but after thinking about some fairly creepy stuff I wrote another chapter about Tami and Eric talking about Smash and Tim and it worked around to Tami's thinking about visiting him in prison. So another chapter and what was chapter 1 is now chapter 2. But there won't be a chapter 3. As usual your searing hatred and frothing love is demanded in your reviews so chop-chop get to reading and reviewing!


"
Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding."



-Khalil Gibran



Eric and Tami sat at a table at the Alamo Freeze. Tami glanced at the picture on the wall of Smash wearing a long sleeved shirt and a tie and smiled.

"What's funny?"

"Not funny, just that picture of Smash. Tell me the truth, you were prouder of him for what he did when he worked here than what he did on the football field."

Eric grimaced. "I—now I don't honestly know. Football is his way out; it's the way out for his family."

"And what if he blows out his knee again? Or blows out the other one? A&amp;M; didn't guarantee his scholarship if he gets injured. It's year to year, right?"

"Just about every athletic scholarship is these days, that whole four year ride thing was never really true. If he'd gone to Abilene State, and got hurt they'd have kept his scholarship going, Grady promised that, and he doesn't go back on that sort of thing. I've kept in touch with him, and even though he was disappointed that Smash didn't come there, he understands why. A&amp;M;'s profile is exponentially higher and with his knee, Smash is gonna need to show he can play and be better than the best, rather than running roughshod over the lower quality of players that Abilene faces if he wants to be a high draft pick in the NFL. The NFL is his family's ticket out."

Tami frowned. "Have you talked with his mom about this?"

"Lately? No. I've seen her a few times at the grocery store and we've chatted, but you know it's more of a 'how are you doing' than anything else."

"Well, you do know that the owner was looking to promote Smash. Give him a signing bonus of two thousand dollars and use of a car."

"No. I didn't know that. But it's not because I don't care about Smash, it's because I was coaching my team and calling around to college coaches talking up Smash and trying to call in some favors and ask for favors, just ten minutes for them to take a look at him. And I was taking time to help him workout."

"Which he quit because you were pushing him so hard."

"C'mon now. A big part of that was him being afraid that he'd hurt his knee if he got hit. He was fine after I had him come out that night and run against the team. Are you tryin' to say that I would have been disappointed if he had stayed at the Alamo Freeze?"

"I did get that feeling. I never heard you say anything to him about how good a job he was doing there."

"That's because I didn't have any idea. When we went there, we always got the food to go, and Julie'd run in so she could spend time with Matt. Why are you upset with me about this? Smash is doing great at A&amp;M.; He's starting, he's made Dean's List the last two semesters, he's staying out of trouble-okay most trouble, he's been to some parties, but hasn't gotten in any fights, bar or otherwise. He's doing fine."

"But you don't think if he had stayed at the Alamo Freeze that he would have been able to in your words, 'get the family out."

"I think that it would be harder and take more time than being drafted and playing in the NFL, but if he does get hurt you know I'm gonna call up and see what I can do to keep his scholarship going."

Tami sighed. "How many of the players you've coached have made it to the NFL?"

"None so far."

"How many do you think will make it or have a chance?"

"Smash has more than a chance. Jason would have, in fact I'd say that given he's representing a couple of players he has made it." Eric frowned and shook his head. "I'd like to say Voodoo and JD McCoy, but I'm afraid those wells were poisoned. Voodoo's mouth and attitude were gonna get him into trouble, at a club or with a coach, and Joe McCoy pretty much ruined JD's chances."

"You couldn't reach them."

"I couldn't reach Voodoo. JD, I reached him, but then-" Eric waved his hand. "So, who do you really want to talk about?"

"What do you mean?"

"C'mon now, Tami, you know I care and worry about Smash. I worry about all my players and former players, some more than others, but I do have to spend time coaching and doing coach type things and being a father and husband."

"Tim Riggins."

"I went and talked with him last week."

"And how was that?"

"For him or me?"

Tami shrugged. "Both of you."

Eric bit into his cheeseburger, chewed and swallowed. "I hate it. I hate that he's in there. I hate why he's in there. I hate that I let him get away with so much. He looks-he looks like he's shrunk. I know he's been in some fights in there, got some bruises and cuts on his face and hands."

"Why do you hate letting him get away with things? Like what? Cutting classes, skipping practice?"

"All of it."

"Well, why didn't you do something about it besides come to me and make me get Landry to tutor him?"

"Because it wouldn't have done any good. If he'd done what Matt did and I'd dragged Tim into the bathtub and turned the shower on him, it wouldn't have done any good. Billy would just have laughed at him and teased him, then the two of them would wreck their house even more fighting and I'd probably have to go to the ER tryin' to stop it. I-I mean I know that not all of my boys are going to do great things or have great lives or great or even good jobs, but I can only do so much. I'm a head football coach, and right now that means I'm working over sixty hours a week on coaching and stuff related, fixing equipment, making sure the field is in decent shape, trying to keep on top of my players, that they're going to class, not getting arrested."

"When you were at Dillon you worked almost as many hours a week."

"It's different. There was a lot more time spent dealing with Buddy and the boosters mostly Buddy, I never actually had to get out and work on the field." Eric sucked some of his shake into a straw. "Tim isn't doing well. He doesn't say it; I don't think he'd ever say it to me. I am worried about him."

"Worried that he's gonna die in there?"

"No. Do you think he's gonna get shanked or jumped? Tim has a smart mouth but he mostly knows when to shut it and inside prison is where you keep it shut."

Tami dabbed a few French fires in ketchup and chewed on them. "No, like you said, he's smart enough to know when to keep his mouth shut; usually it's someone else who puts him up to it, like Billy or their dad. I am worried about what's gonna happen when he gets out. You haven't mentioned anything about his plans."

"Only thing I know is that he can't go near Riggins Rigs or any car dealership or gas station or auto repair shop looking for a job for two years. That's how long his probation is. I don't know if he living with Billy and Mindy doesn't violate his parole."

"What about having him live with us?"

A horrified look quickly flashed across Eric's face. "You have got to be kidding me. You can't have forgotten what happened the last time Tim Riggins stayed here."

"You mean, him taking Julie to a party and bringing her home drunk and then you taking something entirely out of context and steamrolling over Tim and your daughter when they tried to explain and falsely accusing Julie of lying to you? I certainly do remember. And I wasn't thrilled by Julie getting drunk, but I also know that Tim saved her from possibly getting assaulted or raped. He would never try anything with Julie. He looks at her like a little sister. And he respects you too much, even though he'll show up drunk to practice.

"All of that aside, I don't think it's the worst idea. It'd just be the four of us. Julie's at college an—"

"What about Shelly? She'd probably drop in and stay for three weeks just for the hell of it. Just to aggravate me."

"As a matter of fact, Shelly is taking a couple of classes and the fellow she's been seeing, well it's been six months and they're still together."

"A new record."

"Eric. Yes she teases you a bit too much, but you dig at her as well. Anyway, if Tim were staying with us, it'd provide some structure and that's something he needs."

Eric cupped his chin in his hand. "From what I've seen, structure and Tim Riggins do not work well together. I heard Matt talking to Julie last year and he was saying that one reason Tim quit college was too much structure, he had classes that he had to be on time for and if you were late or missed so many times you failed. And it wasn't like Dillon where I'd have a talk with you and you'd talk with him and the teacher or the teacher's look the other way. Mandatory study hall, which would have been really good for Tim, team meetings."

"Well, he's not playing football anymore so he wouldn't have to worry about team meetings or mandatory study halls. I'm talking about things like getting up the same time every morning, maybe taking Gracie to daycare or taking care of her once a week. Making sure he isn't getting drunk all day every day. Doing the laundry, maybe making dinner once a week. Chores and I'd pay him for it. Help you out with the team; maybe keep the field in shape, a little bit of structure. I'm not saying I want to do this, but it's been in my mind for a little while and I think we should talk about like we're doing now and think about it."

"Well, he has his land."

"So you want him to sleep in a tent on his land. Are you serious?"

"No, no I didn't say that or mean that, just that he has his land. He could sell it or part of it and have some money for an apartment."

"Which he would probably sit in all by himself and drink. Y'know, Tim has had it much harder than Smash. Corrinea has been a rock for Smash, Tim hasn't had anybody, but Billy and well, Billy is Billy. I'm not saying I want Tim to come and live with us, just that it's a possible option and one we should consider."

"Would you like me to bring it up the next time I go see him?"

"Actually I think I should do that."

"You want to go see him. In prison."

"I'm allowed to, right? I mean I don't have to ask your permission, do I?"

"No-"

"I know that Becky has been to see him as well as Mindy. I think he needs to have a talk with Counselor Tami Taylor about what is going to happen when he gets out and what his longer term plans are." Tami reached across the table and took Eric's hand. "You love all of your boys, and I think this particular boy needs our help right now, and for a while after he gets out of prison."

>