



Author's Note:


This oneshot came to me yesterday and I wanted to write it down. Sorry if it seems rushed but it was still fresh and I wanted to get it down before I lost it. Hope you enjoy. It's only rated T for the mention of Blood.



Silence filled the air as Donatello stopped his work at his computer. It was strange; he would usually hear some kind of sound, ranging from Michelangelo's chants at his video games or the rants of Raphael. But now there wasn't anything. Confused at the eerie silence the olive green turtle got up from his chair and headed out of the exit of his lab.



Looking around the lair he found no one, not a single person in sight. Not his brothers or father, which was very strange indeed. A thought of his brothers going out and not telling him came to mind, which was rare, but not heard of. Turning he decided to ask Master Splinter, because most likely they told him if they were going out. An eye rose as he saw his father's door to his room open wide. Now this was strange, his father never left his door open.



A feeling of fear started to rise up as something on the ground, something in front of Splinter's door caught his eye. Blood a trail of blood. There were small drips leading somewhere. Both eyes followed and soon more drops were added in. Don's breathing started to increase as he followed the trail that lead to the dojo. The fear swelled up more as he approached and both eyes gazed inside. A sharp gasp hit him, followed by the feeling of his blood running cold.



In the middle of the dojo was his family, all on the ground covered in blood. "No…No…" Don spoke dreadfully as he ran over to their side.



Looking them over the purple clad turtle checked them all over, getting some of the blood on him. Leo looked as if something pierced his plastron, right where his heart was. Mikey's head looked like something bashed it open, part of the skull broken. It looked as if Raph's throat was slit, the blood had all spewed from there. But worst of all was his father. Sticking out of him were Leo's Katanas and Raph's Sais. There were sticking out like someone stabbed him with them. They were dead, all of them, it took just one look to tell him that.


"
No…please this can't be…" he spoke out loud, on the verge of tears. "How could this happen and I didn't know about it…"


"
Ah, finally, the last one," A familiar voice spoke from behind, cause a chill to shoot up Don's spine. Whipping out his Bo staff Don rose and turned to face his enemy.


"
Shredder…" he spoke as his enemy's appearance stood before him. Blood was all over his hands, it was obvious who killed his family. "How did you get in here?"


"
Your home was easy to find, as was taking out your brothers and rat. And now I can finished the last of you," Raising up the bloody claw Shredder then sailed forward towards a surprised Donatello.


With a shout Don sprang up in his bed, covered in a cold sweat as he was breathing fast and hard. Both eyes then scanned the darken area that he was in, a sigh of relief blew out as he realized he was in his room.
"Only a dream…just a nightmare…"
he thought to himself as he tried to calm himself.

After a few minutes his breathing returned to normal and wiped the sweat from his head as he looked at the clock. The digital numbers showed it was a little after one in the morning.
"Great, now what?"
He thought to himself as he contemplated his choices.

The thought of going back to sleep was a one but after a dream like that, it wasn't a good idea right now. Plus the fact that it could come back was there as well. Another thought came to mind right now as he uncovered himself and got out of bed. Walking he then headed out of his door, his family's status his concern right now.

The door to Michelangelo's room slowly opened without a sound. Peeking in Don could see the condition of his little brother's room in the dark. Mikey tend to have his room a little messy, having various things lying around. Eyes scanned he found his brother's bed and the sea green turtle laid sprawled on the mattress. A bit of relief came to Don as he saw his brother sleep, without a care in the world. A small grin rose as a bit of drool came out of the orange clad turtle's mouth. Deciding he was good Don slowly closed the door and moved on.

The door to Raphael's room opened at a normal speed. Donny didn't have to be as quiet since Raph tends to be a heavy sleeper at times. The sight of his second oldest brother's room came into view as he looked inside. There were some weights on the ground and an extra punching bag set up. Don's eyes then found the emerald green turtle sleeping in his hammock. Don couldn't understand how Raph could sleep in that, it had to be uncomfortable in some way, but his brother managed to make it work. The sound of snoring brought him out of his train of thought. Raph slept with a somewhat peaceful expression on his face. Another bit of relief came as he closed the door. Two down two to go.

Don very carefully opened the door to Leonardo's room, being as quiet as possible. It was known that Leo is a light sleeper and any out of the ordinary sounds could wake his oldest brother. He peered inside and in the darkness of his brother's room. Leo was always the neat freak as his room was spotless. Plus there were a few Japanese oriented things he had inside. Looking Don saw Leo lying on his bed, an expressionless look on his face. The rise and fall of his brother's stomach set his mind at ease. Deciding not to spend too much time inside Donny carefully closed the door and headed to his last destination.

Don stood outside the door of his father's room, hesitant in opening it. He wanted to check on his father like his brothers but chances were he'd wake Splinter up and then he would have to tell what he was doing up. That was something he wanted to avoid most of all. If it was one of his brothers, maybe it would be easy to weasel out of a conversation, but if it was Splinter, there wouldn't be any way out of it.

Like Leo his father is a light sleeper, much lighter than his brother. Still he wanted to see him for himself right now, so reaching a shaky hand grabbed the door and slowly slid it open. Stopping about a third of the way he peered inside.

Both eyes scanned the clean room till he spotted the area where Splinter slept. A huge weight lifted from his shoulder as he saw the old rat sleeping in his bed, relaxed judging from his body expression. Relaxing and being quiet he shut the door to let his father sleep. Yet he failed to notice that one of Splinter's eyes opened.

Water ran from the faucet in the kitchen sink as Donatello filled up a glass with water. Once it filled up near the top the water was turned off as Don moved the glass up to his mouth, drinking the cool liquid. A refreshing sigh came out after he finished his drink, which helped a bit. He felt ok now after checking on his family, he's glad to know they were fine. Especially after a dream like that, it felt so real and yet it made him think.
"How long are we safe here?"
This question brought worry to himself.

Every week it seems like he had to update the security system that hid them here but was it enough to protect his family from harm? Only one way to answer his question was for someone to bypass it, but he didn't want that to happen. Now he thought about it, his family's home and everyone inside it relayed on his security system and him. If anyone were to find them and get in then it would be his fault and-

"Donatello?" a voice came out of nowhere; causing the purple clad turtle to jump and drop the glass he was holding. The sound of broken glass never came

Don looked down and saw the glass in the hands of someone. A bit of dread filled him as the hand belongs to his father, Splinter. Apparently he caught the glass before it hit the ground. "Uh…Master, what are…What are you doing up?" Don asked, fearing this would happen.

"I'd ask you the same thing," the aged rat handed the glass to his son. "I felt someone at my door and came to look."

Now a bit of guilt set in," Sorry for waking you." He looked down at the ground, avoiding his father's eyes.

"It is alright my son, from the looks of it something has you up at this time of the night as well."

"It's fine sensei, just woke up and decided to get a glass of water," He lied to his father, even though that was a bad idea.

"Donatello, please do not lie to me," both eyes looked at his second youngest son, trying to read his body expression to figure out what was wrong. "Something troubles you; please tell me what it is."

"It…it's nothing," Don avoided his master's eyes as he put the glass in the sink and tried to exit the kitchen but his father blocked him.

"Please, tell me what the problem is?" Splinter pressed more, wanting to know what is wrong with his son.

Don knew this was something he wanted to avoid, but there wasn't anything he could do about that. And he wouldn't be getting past his father at all. The memory of the nightmare then returned, the vivid detail of it flooded his mind, "It…it was just…a nightmare."

An eye raised on Splinter's face, "What about?"

"I was working in my lab…I heard nothing but quiet and decided to look. No one was around, not even you. Outside your door I saw…b-b…blood. It lead from your room to…the dojo. I followed it and…and…" Both of Don's eyes closed as tears threaten to shed. It was then Don felt the embrace of his father, the rat hugged his son in an attempt to comfort him.

"It's alright my son, it was just a dream."

Even though he heard that Don still spoke. "I…found you all…on the ground cover…in…in…blood. It was then the Shredder appeared…he found our home and…k-k…killed you all." A couple of tears then fell as Don was close to sobbing.

"Shhh…it's alright Donatello. It was just a dream; your brothers and I are fine. We are safe."

"But for how long?"

"What do you mean?" Splinter pulled back to look his son in the eye, curious as to what he meant.

"How long do you think we can keep our home hidden from our enemies? I mean the only thing keeping that happening is my security system but how long is that going to work?"

"You doubt yourself?" Splinter asked, a bit shocked at this.

"No it's...how long can I keep us safe? It just feels like it's up to me that no one finds our home."

"Donatello, Ever since we moved in here no one has been able to find us. Even when the Foot searched the sewers for us. You have done everything you could to keep us all safe and I know we all appreciate that. I know that you can keep on keeping our home undiscovered from our enemies. Do not doubt yourself, that will lead to mistakes and mistakes can be the end of an individual."

Donny started to feel a bit better, but that one question kept coming to him, "But what if we are found one day?"

"Then we all will do what we can to defend our home," his father said. Just the look on the rat's face made the olive green turtle feel a bit at ease. "In the meantime we're safe and that all that matters now."

Don knew his father was right, he always was, "Thanks sensei."

He nodded in response, "You are welcome my son. Are you ok to go back to sleep now?"

"Uh…not sure," Don responded, not sure. He felt a bit better, but the fear was still in his mind. He started to feel tired right now, going back to sleep was the main option right now, but the fear of the nightmare returning came to mind and couldn't stop thinking about it.

Splinter saw the look on his son's face and could tell what was wrong. There was one thing he could do to help him. "Donatello, please come." Turning Splinter then started to walk off, followed by a confused Don.

They both walked until they entered Splinter's room; Don was confused as to what was going on till his father motioned him to his bed. A familiar feeling from years ago then started to surface from when he and his brothers were young. He watched as his father sat down on the bed and patted the spot next to him, "lay down my son."

Don's face then started to burn with a bit of embarrassment, "Uh…master…aren't I too old for this?"

Splinter shook his head and with a gentle touch he guided his son till he was lying down on the bed. He knew his son needed some comforting and this always helped when he was a child. Splinter didn't care if Don's a teen, he'd do anything to help his sons no matter what. The old rat then reached down and pulled the blanket over the both of them. Don still felt a bit awkward at this; Master Splinter was letting him sleep in his bed with him, just like when he had a nightmare as a child. He knew he was too old for this but yet didn't refuse the offer.

Splinter the reached over and rubbed small circles on his son's shell, "Sleep my son."

"But…sensei…isn't-"

He was cut off, "Donatello, right now I'm not your sensei. I'm your father, who is trying to comfort his child who just had a nightmare. I am here so do not worry."

Don didn't say anything as the soothing motions of his shell being rubbed comfort him. The more time he spent in his father's presence the more at ease he felt. The embarrassment gone as the tiredness finally caught up to him.

He smiled as he rested his head on the extra pillow that Splinter had on his bed. "Thank you father, and goodnight."

"You are welcome my son, goodnight," Splinter smiled as both his eyes shut, still rubbing his son's shell. A yawn came out of Don as both eyes closed and soon enough he fell asleep, a peaceful one without nightmares. Knowing full well that his father was there to keep them away.



A/N: Hope you like. I've read many nightmare stories and there wasn't really any that involved Splinter comforting his sons, so I made this one. I hope to do more oneshots later on.



>