


This is a story I had started my Freshman/Sophomore year of high school and just no one really gave me feedback on it so I stopped writing it after this chapter..but after being..'persuaded' I'm going to start the second chapter today and hopefully since there wont be distractions I'll be able to finish this story



*gasp* finally a finished story by me?!



That's right guys



Everyone belongs to me



characters representing real life people may or may not be a coincidence



The glaceon didn't want to get up. She didn't want to open her oddly colored eyes. She didn't want to move from her cold hard ice covered bed on the ledge overlooking the monstrous Ice Rock. But she did. The glaceon sighed and could hardly feel her paws as she stood up. It was just another day for her since leaving the others. Glancing around the open cavern she leapt down and stood beside the Ice Rock, letting her tail drag on the icy ground. The glaceon let out a huge yawn that showed her sharp teeth and stretched her hind legs out.

She already wasn't liking this morning. A loud tapping noise rang out through the cave that made the ice pokemon growl angrily. She padded down the long dark corridor that led away from the giant rock and out to the entrance. A delibird was tapping on the outside of the ice cave's entrance, the cause of the loud obnoxious noise. "What is it now Ice?" the glaceon snarled as she came out from the shadows of the corridor. The light from the outside world made her narrow her odd brown eyes in discomfort and the three long white scars on her chest stand out against her blue fur. Ice stopped his tapping and turned to her.

"Mail!" he squawked and reached into his tail bag excitedly. The glaceon blinked in surprise and looked at the other pokemon suspiciously. "I don't get 'mail'." she growled and glared at him. Ice flinched in response "I-I know that! But that's also why I'm excited! You DO have friends Blizzard!" Blizzard just growled and sat in the newly fallen snow, waiting for the delibird to give her the mail she thought was a prank. Finally after digging around he handed her a pale yellow envelope with a messy scrawl of letters on the front that spelled out 'Blizzard'.

She took the mail in her jaws and slipped back into her cave, leaving Ice looking after her curiously. Blizzard couldn't think of anyone who would send her anything but hate mail. She reached the end of the black corridor and was greeted by the bright blue light of the Ice Rock, the glow she had grown accustom too over the past three years. The glaceon dropped the letter by the rock and sat down, names of the pokemon she knew in the Snowy Village running through her mind. There was no return address on the envelope.

Blizzard gripped the corner of it between her teeth and pulled up on it, ripping the side open. She spat the strip of paper out and put one of her paws into the opening to retrieve the letter that was inside, bracing herself for any thorns that could be lurking inside just in case it WAS hate mail. There were none. She slipped a piece of paper that was folded in half out of the envelope and stared at it for a few moments, still unsure of who sent it. The glaceon pushed the top half of the paper up with her paw and started to read it out loud.

"Dear Blizzard, I know we haven't seen or talked in about three years but you need to come back." the glaceon looked at the messy writing in shock, she knew who this letter had come from. "Before you throw this away listen to what I have to say. I went to visit Flare at her home and I found her house looking like a tornado had hit! Her things were everywhere!" Blizzard snorted, Flare was always leaving her things lying around. "But Flare was nowhere. No one had seen her! I called everyone else to my house, please, come too. We need the whole team for this." the glaceon paused and finally said the name of the sender. "Light."

Blizzard stared at the letter for a long time. For the first time since she came to the village she didn't feel angry. She didn't feel irritated. She felt scared. Scared for her friend. Scared that Flare could be in danger, or hurt, or even worse. A loud scrapping noise broke the glaceon out of her trance that the letter had given her. She quickly sat on the letter as an extremely small eevee came running in a lopsided gate with a bag bigger than him locked firmly in his jaws. The bag was making the loud ear piercing noise as it was being dragged against the ground.

"Icicle!" Blizzard snarled and the eevee halted a few feet away from her, keeping the bag in his mouth. "What did I tell you about-" "I know I know! But just LOOK at these Blizzard! They're so pretty!" Icicle cut her off after he spat the piece of the bag out. He pulled on the bag and a few hard ice pieces slid out so that the glaceon could see them. They reflected the blue light from the Ice Rock and cast it all around the cavern. She had to admit, they did look rather nice. "I'm sorry they made such a loud noise Blizzard, really I am, but they're so heavy and I'm…well…" the tiny eevee trailed off as he motioned his head to his body.

Blizzard sighed and nodded, feeling extremely guilty for making him point out his obvious short coming. "Put them where they won't get in my way then, if you must keep them." she grumbled and the eevee brightened up instantly. As he raced to the other side of the cavern Blizzard slipped the letter under a nearby rock and stood up. She went around the Ice Rock and pulled out an old brown sack covered in snow dust. The glaceon looked at it for a few seconds with no expression on her face before turning to see where Icicle had gone. He was trying to balance one of his ice pieces on a low hanging ledge opposite to the large one the glaceon used as a bed over the Ice Rock.

"I'm leaving." she said and grabbed the sack in her jaws. Icicle froze and turned his head around to stare at her. "WHAT?! YOU CAN'T LEAVE! YOU HAVE TO WATCH THE ICE ROCK! Y-YOU CAN'T LEAVE ME!" he wailed and ran over to the glaceon, forgetting about his ice pieces. "I'm only leaving for a few days." the glaceon growled before the eevee could continue "You'll be in charge until I come back." she slipped the bag strap over her head and looked behind the Ice Rock again. "BUT WHAT IF THEY ATTACK ME?!" Icicle screeched and his fur fluffed up in fear. "No one has tried to steal the Ice Rock for a year. You'll be fine. I'll have Wood come check on you." Blizzard replied and shuffled about ten oran berries into the open.

"But that abomasnow scares me…" the small eevee whimpered. Blizzard snorted. "Then no one will want to attack if he's so scary then, right?" she tried to convince him. "True…" Icicle mumbled and stared at his tiny paws for a few seconds. "Yeah! He'll scare the teeth right out of their mouths!" he said excitedly and started to swipe at invisible enemies as Blizzard put more berries into her sack. When she was done she closed the flap and headed for the black tunnel. Icicle stopped abruptly and scrambled after her "You're leaving NOW?!" "I have to. As I said earlier, I'll be back in a few days." she said and slipped into the darkness.
Flare's probably just visiting another friend…
Blizzard thought as she reached the cave's entrance.

The light was horribly bright. She shut her eyes against it and started to walk out to the main road. The Ice Rock cave was hidden in the snow and couldn't be seen from the road. The glaceon saw the trail Icicle made in the deep snow from his bag of ice and decided to use it herself instead of fighting her own way through the powdered ice. As she made it to the large indented road in the snow a mamoswine and a froslass were strolling down it, talking to each other. Two of the three village leaders. The mamoswine spotted her first. "Ah Blizzard! Where are you off to this fine morning?" he asked kindly. "Glacier, sir, I must leave for a few days." she replied and dipped her head respectfully to him.

"What do you mean leave?!" the froslass asked in surprise. The glaceon turned her attention to the other leader and dipped her head again. "One of my friends is in danger and I need to go save her. I shouldn't be gone long and my apprentice is watching the Ice Rock." Blizzard stated and looked at Glacier for permission to leave. "It's okay Shard." the mamoswine said to the froslass. "Good luck Blizzard." he said and started to walk again. "Sir, would you mind asking Wood to check on Icicle every day until I return?" the glaceon asked as she padded up to him. "I will the second I spot him." Glacier replied. Shard didn't look happy.

Blizzard hurried past them. She got through the village gate, only pausing to nod as a thank you to the gate keeper, a large glalie. The glaceon padded slowly on the main trail that led to the gate until she could no longer see it, then she broke out in a run.
The faster I get there and prove she's fine the faster I can get back to my job.
She thought dully. Blizzard couldn't believe she was actually doing this. She ran for hours, not stopping. She had amazing endurance even if she had spent the past three and a half years hardly ever leaving the cave. The sun was directly above her when she decided to stop for a moment. She noticed that the air was getting warmer.
I must be getting close to the next village…
the glaceon thought and tried to see if she could make out the next gate.

When she couldn't Blizzard sighed and started walking again. It was relatively quiet along the road to the Snowy Village because hardly anyone visited but as the glaceon padded down the main road now she could pick up the faint sound of music and pokemon chattering. The bright sun overhead bared down on the ice pokemon, making her feel uncomfortable. As Blizzard continued down the road she could feel the snow growing slushy beneath her paws and saw blades of grass making their way through the frozen white blanket. Finally she could see the next gate against the bright blue sky.

The glaceon growled with irritation as she felt the grass instead of the snow brush her paws and no longer felt the cool air of the ice but the warmth of the sun. She stopped at the front of the closed gate and glanced around. "Where's the gate keeper?" she growled quietly to herself and looked up at the box where the village gate keeper should have been sitting in. "Excuse me!" she shouted up at it. She got no reply. Blizzard snorted and padded up to it. She placed her front paws on the edge and pulled herself up so that she could look in it. There was a grumpig sleeping on the floor.

"Hey!" Blizzard snarled angrily and shook the box. The psychic pokemon grunted and slowly opened one eye. When he saw Blizzard he screeched in alarm and fear and jumped to his feet, falling out of the box in the process. The glaceon snorted in irritation and padded along to the back where the grumpig was lying, stunned. "Are you going to open the gate or what?" she growled and glared at him. The other pokemon stared at her for a few seconds before scrambling to his feet and jumping back into the gate keeper's box. "Sure, sure! S-sorry!" he stammered and closed his eyes. Suddenly the gate swung open.

Blizzard nodded to the grumpig before padding through.
Imbecile…
she thought bitterly. The glaceon stopped as the gate closed behind her and looked around. The village was basically a meadow with the houses along the fence with the main shops in a circle in the middle. The place was full of psychic pokemon. Blizzard stepped onto the stone pathway and padded up to the shops, trying to ignore the stares from the other pokemon.
It's been a while…
she thought
but I think I still remember where Light lives…
The glaceon padded past the shopping square and followed the dirt road that led to a barren part of the meadow with a large cave that cut through the village's fence. The cave's mouth was surrounded by flowers.

As Blizzard got closer she felt the atmosphere change from the easy laid back vibe that psychic pokemon usually had to a tense and worried pulse. The glaceon kept her eyes on the mouth of the cave in case anything jumped out of it to attack her and tried to remember if this was the right cave, the one where the sun light shone strongly through a large hole in the roof on the other side of the gate and cast it's warmth and light around the crystal covered cavern inside making eevees' evolve into their psychic evolution, Espeon. She opened her mouth to call down the opening and try to see if Light was down there without having to set foot in it but a flash of purple rammed into her side.

She wasn't expecting the assault and staggered to the side. Recovering quickly the glaceon used her back leg to kick whoever attacked her in the side and she heard them gasp in pain. Suddenly she lost feeling in her legs and noticed that they wouldn't move.
Psychic!
She realized and whipped her head around before the rest of her body could be taken over and let out a powerful blizzard that hit the other pokemon full on. The psychic was broken and Blizzard jumped through the snow flurries that had yet to melt, shoving her assailant to the ground and pinning them under her paws.

As the air around them cleared, the glaceon was looking right into the purple eyes of an espeon. Blizzard bared her fangs at the other eevee evolution and snarled "What's the big idea huh?!" The psychic pokemon opened her mouth to snarl something back but froze. She gazed up at the ice pokemon, her eyes wide. Then she looked down at the glaceon's chest, seeing the three long white scars. Blizzard narrowed her eyes and forced herself not to cringe away, she hated it when other pokemon stared at her scars. After a few heartbeats the espeon looked up into the glaceon's odd colored eyes and shook her head in disbelief. "Blizzard?" she asked quietly, staring at the ice pokemon in shock.

Blizzard's eyes grew wide as she realized who this espeon was. "Light?" she asked back softly. She couldn't believe how much the espeon's battle skills had grown. Light nodded slowly and a smile slowly made its way across her face. The glaceon lessened the weight she was putting on the other pokemon and the espeon took that advantage to push up on Blizzard, making her stumble off, and pinned her under her paws, her tail waving happily. "I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU REALLY CAME!" she shrieked and the glaceon flinched at the loud noise so close to her sensitive ears.

"Wait until Volt hears about this! BLIZZARD YOU REALLY CAME BACK!" Light rambled and Blizzard shoved her off, the touching moment gone, and sat up. "Come on! Come to my house and put your stuff there! It'll be safe!" the espeon said and ran off away from the cave. Blizzard growled and got up. She padded slowly after Light, ears back and fur raised.
What have I gotten myself into?
She thought.

>