


Chapter 1: How it all Started


Why, hello there. My name is Arthur Wagner, and this is my story. Before I start actually telling you my story I figured that I should get introductions out of the first. So a quick description of myself: I'm a 18 year old male with medium length dark brown hair and glasses. My height is 5' 5"

Then there is my sister. Her name is Erin Wagner. She is short person, only like 5' exactly. Her hair is normally blonde, but she has been dying it black. People say we look alike, although I don't see it myself. Also she has a scar under her right eye caused by her trying to feed the animal. Long story short the dog accidentally cut her.

I suppose I'll leave other intros till later. Oh I almost forgot, we are both orphans. We have just two friends in our orphanage whom also go to the same school as us. You'll meet them later.

My sister and I just started heading to school. Our friends were running late, so we decided to go on ahead. So we were walking and along the path we find this strange looking object.

"Let's see what it is," said Erin.

"But we are already almost late due to you wanting to wait for our friends," I said.

"It will only take a couple seconds."

"Ugh. Fine."

We went over to look at it and found that it was a necklace with a strange looking symbol on it. I could have sworn that I knew that symbol from somewhere, but I couldn't place it. It was in the shape of a ball with two halves both with different colors. The top was red, while the bottom was white. It also has a black strip diving the two halves, with what appeared to be a white button in the middle. I knew I had seen it before.

"I want to keep it," said Erin.

"You don't know where it's been," I said.

"Hey, what did you guys find?" said a familiar voice.

The familiar voice came from one of our friends, Rose Lee. She has long hair, about as dark as mine. We are also the same height. People have even mistaken us for twins because of these similarities, but I am actually older by about 8 months.

Standing next to her was her "little" brother. His name is Max Lee. He is taller than all of us, although he wasn't always. He actually used to be the smallest of us all. He has reddish-brown hair and never shaves. Both siblings also wear glasses.

"I don't know, all I know is that the shape looks familiar," I said.

"I wonder what it could be," said Max.

For some weird reason we could not place it. None of us. We sat there for about five minutes trying to figure it out, till Rose said, "Wait. What are we still doing here? We're already late, we can't be any later."

"Shit," said Max.

So we all hurried to school as fast as we possibly could. We are not the fastest of runners, so it took us about another 10 minutes to get to class.

"Late again I see," said a not so happy voice.

That would be our teacher. She is a rather skinny woman. I am not going to go into to much detail, mainly because I don't want to.

"We're sorry Ms. Wallpepper," said Erin.

"It's Wallflower!" said Ms. Wallflower at a near yell.

We were not exactly her favorite students. We were always late because our alarm clocks never work. Our alarm clocks never work because we can't afford to repair them or buy new ones. Both me and Rose have jobs, but we're just saving up till we can move into an apartment away from the orphanage. On top of that Max and I always forget to turn in our homework, and Rose likes to speak her mind. When she does speak her mind we all feel the need to help, thus getting all of us into even more trouble.

"What is the excuse this time?" asked Ms. Wallflower.

"Our alarm clocks don't work. We have told you this a million times," said Rose.

"Then buy new ones."

"We can't and you know that."

"Alright that's enough. A full day of detention this Saturday. All day, understand?"

"That's bullshit," said Max.

"What was that?" said Ms. Wallflower.

"You know what I said."

"Alright make it Sunday as well for all four of you."

"Why can't we just do after school detention?" asked Erin.

"Because, you four have gotten into so much trouble that your only choices are two days detention, or a week of suspension."

"Think I'd rather take the suspension," I said.

"If I just do that you kids will never learn anything. Also, more back talking? You can forget about having free time next Saturday too. Now can I get back to teaching my class?"

We had been so engaged in our conversation that we had forgotten that the entire class was there. Well that was embarrassing. So we spent the rest of the day in school like normal. On our way to our separate jobs, Me and Rose work at two different places but her work place is on the way to mine, and the orphanage is just ahead, we discover that Saturday was tomorrow.

When we got home we were completely beat. By the sounds of it Erin and Max had to endure all the rage of the owner of the orphanage, because she got word of our detention. Just then Erin remembered that she had something in her pocket.

It was the necklace!

"So has anyone figured out what it is yet?" asked Erin.

"No," the rest of us chimed.

"Well I'm going to put it on anyways."

What happened next changed our lives forever. The necklace started to glow, and Erin started to rise out of her bed.

"What on earth is going on here?" I asked.

"I don't know, but someone please help me down," said Erin.

I grabbed on to her arm, but that wasn't enough to hold her down. So I started to raise with her.

"Erin! Arthur!" yelled Rose as she grabbed on to us.

It was no good we were still rising. Max grabbed on too, but it still wasn't enough.

"Why aren't we staying down?" asked Max.

"I wish I knew," I said.

Little did we know that we were floating off to our new lives.

>