


A/N: I love Pokémon Adventures/ Special. OLDRIVALSHIPPING, SPECIALSHIPPING, FRANTICSHIPPING, MANGAQUESTSHIPPING, SOULSILVERSHIPPING (slight), AGENCYSHIPPING, COMMONERSHIPPING (slight). I don't own it... Oh, and Blue is female, Green is male. I don't really like how their names switched...



Chapter 1



Blue's POV


"What... the... heck?" I yelped.

At the moment, I was being forced out of my front door, backpack in hand. Outside, a silver (?) bus was waiting for me. Why silver? Two men in matching black tuxedos pushed me out of the door.

I tried giving them my most winning smile. "Now why are you two handsome young men wasting your time here with silly old me? Why don't you-"

"Get on the bus," the man to the right of me said gruffly. "Magina will explain when everyone is picked up."

I was forced (emphasis on "forced", who forces a lady to do anything anyways?) into the bus. I stared down the long aisles of seats and people for a moment, then sat in the closest seat to me. The seats were separated into 4 seats per row, with a pathway in the middle dividing the 4 seats into pairs. I'd describe more, but its basically like a typical school bus. Wait... school bus? I started to rummage through the backpack one of the men gave me. A uniform that included a blue plaid skirt, plain white blouse, and bow; a bottle of water; some kind of manual; a box of Pocky (yay! I have no idea why I love them so much...); and a note.

I unfolded the note.



Hello Ms. Blue Nanami,



You are going to be staying at a boarding school until we feel it is time for you to leave. There is no escaping of any kind availible. If you need anything from your home, please alert Magina and she will retrieve it for you. Please note that the students are around the ages of 14-18, similar to you. That is all you need to know for now.



Thank you for your cooperation.



The Academy President (TAP)



I blinked. Then blinked again. Then...

"THANK YOU FOR YOUR COOPERATION? I FREAKING
NEVER KNEW ABOUT THIS!
NOT COOL!" I shrieked. Yes, usually I would be more easygoing about things... but I
hate
not knowing about things before they happened. This was almost like being kidnapped all over again.

"Would you try to be quiet?" the boy next to me asked, his piercing gaze watching me.

Instead of answering, I studied him. He had spiky brown hair and green eyes. He seemed pretty annoyed at me (hey, isn't everyone?), but was actually...

"You're pretty cute!" I decided.

"What?" He was caught off guard by that remark.

"You heard me~! My name's Blue Nanami, nice to meet you! Now we're friends."

"Since when did I agree to that?" he muttered. "Pesky girl."

Ignoring his insult (which I personally took as a compliment), I asked, "So... What's your name?"

"Would that get you to be quiet?"

"Maybe," I said slyly.
Or not.





"Green Oak. Now let me read this." he became engrossed with his manual, which apparently he had too.

"Hey, Greenie!" I crooned, snaking an arm around his shoulders and leaning on his shoulder.

"What?" he answered coldly, barely registering my words. He scooted away slightly, causing me to fall over. "And don't call me that."

"Why are we here? I never knew about this. How come you like that manual?"

"Shut up. You're too noisy." He turned back to the manual and flipped a page.

I huffed, "Tell me...
please?
"

"Frankly, you're annoying, but hopefully you'll stop bothering me enough to let me have some peace. Apparently
everyone
here had no idea about this. It's more like they were kidnapped or forced in here. This manual explains a little more about the academy we're going to. I don't like it, but reading it might help me know more about what's going on."

I clapped my hands, delighted. "That's the most words I've heard you say the whole time I know you!" I grinned. "Then again, I've known you for only 5 minutes. Are you always like this?"

He flinched at the 'only 5 minutes' mark. "Just be quiet, pesky girl."



Yellow's POV


More and more people were entering the bus. I scooted my backpack over so people could sit down. Soon enough, a boy with raven black hair dressed in red approached me.

"Can I sit here?" he asked.

I nodded shyly. "Of course."

"Thanks, dude." he grinned at me.

I froze. He thought I was... a guy? I mean, I have been told my straw hat made me look like a boy (sort of), but they always told me only a really dense person (
A/N: *cough*Red*cough*
) would actually call me a guy. This boy didn't seem
that
dense... then again I didn't know him very well yet. I opened my mouth to answer or correct him, when a girl in front of our seat giggled. She turned around, facing us.

"She's a girl, silly!" the girl chided, twirling her long brown hair around her finger, "Can't you tell from the signs? Her voice, her way of talking, and her clothes! That's pretty sad..." She looked thoughtful for a minute, then continued. "My name's Blue Nanami! Care to tell me your names?" She suddenly jumped up, and looked as if an imaginary light bulb had flickered on.

"What?" I asked, slightly curious about this over-energetic/strange girl.

"A wonderful idea!" she exclaimed. "Specialshipping has been born!"

There was nothing but utter silence for a moment, then someone sighed.

I decided not to question her.

"What do you think, Greenie?" she asked the boy next to her.

"Green," he said stiffly. "And I don't want to think about what goes around your mind."

She mock-fainted. "How can you be so cruel?"

"Do you two know each other?" I asked. They seemed to understand each other pretty well, and just gave off that
we're-childhood-friends
vibe. I didn't know anyone here. Then again, I lived in Viridian Forest. Barely
anyone
lived there in the first place.




"Nope!" Blue exclaimed cheerfully. "We just met 5 minutes ago."

Green flinched as she glared at him to support her point. "
Right
Green?"

He shrugged nonchalantly, and muttered, "That's true."

"Now, introduce yourselves!"

Realizing I was being rude, I bowed down and took off my straw hat, "My name is Amarillo del Bosque Verde. Please call me Yellow. Nice to meet you, Blue, Green, and-," I looked at the boy who was going to sit next to me, who seemed frozen when he saw my long ponytail.

"Red Ketchum. Sorry for offending you, Yellow," he looked pretty embarrassed. At least I knew he was a nice guy if he apologized to me. And now I also felt awkward because a guy apologized to me.
Great.
Now what do I do?

"N-no problem!" I stammered. "I mean, I wasn't- um..."

We both stood (or sat, in my case) in silence again. The silence was finally broken by Blue.

"Awww, you two are so adorably innocent and awkward!" Blue squealed, "Just kiss already!"

Green face-palmed. "Don't be so blunt."

"Like you're one to talk!" she retorted.

"I can't deny that."

Red and I were both blushing and not moving. Finally, I realized something and said, "Red? You can sit down now."

"Hm? Oh... yeah..." he mumbled, still the same color as his name. "Thanks... Yellow."

I shot him a smile, "No problem!"

Of course, we both looked away after that.

Blue just smiled knowingly and turned back around to face the front.



Crystal's POV


Why did I chose to sit here? I stared miserably out the window as the boy next to me continued to sing "Super Serious Gal!" What had I done to deserve this?

All I wanted to do was study, get a good education, get a job, maybe fall in love and marry, and maybe even have kids. A perfectly normal life. Was that too much to ask?

But
no
, I get kidnapped by two random men in tuxedos and forced into a bus. With this
infuriating
boy who went by the name of Gold.

.


I had just entered the bus. I decided to sit next to a friendly-looking raven haired boy. Nothing could go wrong, right?



Wrong.



As soon as I sat down, he sized me up and said, "You're the serious type, aren't you? Well, at least you're pretty. Kinda. My name's Gold Ember, and yours?"



"Huh?" I asked. I know. Wonderful vocabulary I just displayed there.



"I'll nickname you Super Serious Gal!" he decided, looking at me with... interest? excitement? His amber eyes glittered, and slightly changed hues, like a kaleidoscope. I seemed entranced by them. They looked sort of like a cat's. Mysterious, cunning, and... I realized I was staring. Heat rushed to my cheeks, and the more... feisty side of me woke up.



I kicked him in the head, which was kind of hard considering I was sitting in a bus. But then again, I was Crystal Gem, soccer champion, for some reason. He groaned, "What was that for?"



But I had already turned away from him, face red. "Just... be quiet, will you?"



.


Maybe I should socialize. Apparently someone else had the same thought as me.

"What's your name?" a girl behind us asked me.

"Crystal Gem," I said, hoping Gold would catch on. He didn't, and continued to sing "Super Serious Gal" to the tune of "Mary had a Little Lamb". I shot him a look and turned back to the girl.

She gave me a weary smile. "Boys. They're all the same. My name's White Blanc, and this is Black Noir, my future employee."

White nudged the boy next to her, "Say hello Black."

"Hi," Black nodded at me. Lucky. She wasn't stuck with Gold.

"Nice to meet you!" Gold grinned. At least he wasn't singing. "Black, you and I will become best buds!" And them being boys, they grinned at each other, as if exchanging some kind of secret message only guys could understand. I sighed. Most guys were unreliable, in my opinion. They never helped with lab work, except for the Professors.

A magenta haired lady suddenly stood up and went to the center of the aisles, drawing everyone's attention to her.

I leaned in closely to listen, ignoring Gold, who mouthed "Super Serious Gal" to Black. I swear, if he continued to do that...

"Welcome. I shall explain everything. Listen closely." The lady smiled. It looked more like a smirk as she surveyed all of us. Her crystalline glasses glinted in the light. "You all are specially picked... for reasons your peers will tell more specifically later. We are heading to Prophecy Academy."

>