




NOTICE! The new chapters in this story are faster and are going to be released soon! Chapter seven is the first new chapter and it have better writing and will be the first chapter that was wrote after February 1st. Enjoy and note that I do this solely for fun and am not a professional writer. Thank you.




Chapter One: To Kanto We Go!

Because Jason was a skilled and prestigious Pokémon Trainer he felt it was time to leave the Hoenn Region. A long time ago Jason's father told him he should never linger in one place for too long, and so he never did and never shall. He has been looking for a new adventure ever since becoming the Champion of Hoenn. Now Jason is on his way to Kanto where he was invited to take part in the World Wide SS Anne II Voyage. Professor Oak, the famous Pokémon Professor in Pallet Town was invited but he gave the ticket to Jason due to the fact that the professor was getting old and he wanted Jason to go in his place. All the Professor asked of him was to report and record his findings for his studies. Although Jason was honoured he was also quite worried about leaving Hoenn and all of his friends. Jason had become the Champion when he was 16 and had remained the champion for two years before getting the ticket from the Professor. Now he was flying his way to Vermilion City on his Flygon. But first he had to visit the Professor to thank him for every thing and say good by to his friend Tracey.

"Come on Flygon what's the matter?"

Flygon didn't respond as it fell in a fast downward spiral.

"Pull up!" Jason screamed forcefully.

Nothing happened. Jason recalled Flygon and sent out his Golduck.

"Golduck quick! Use water gun!"

Jason grasped his Golduck as a explosion of water erupted from Golduck's bill and slowed the decent down toward the ocean. Once they landed Golduck used surf to continue on their way.

"Its not the most effective way to travel but its nice to finally spend some time with you Golduck." Jason said with a big grin plastered on his face.

"Goldu." Golduck replied in agreement.

"All right Golduck lets stop at that town over there". Jason pointed forwards at a small town with a Pokémon Centre on the shoreline "I need Nurse Joy to check on Flygon."

Golduck was Jason's fastest swimmer and he sometimes had a hard time holding on but all he could think about now was getting Flygon checked out. It didn't look too far but it took about 5 minutes to get there at top speed. Jason only brought one water Pokémon with him and Golduck had to use all its energy getting there and was completely wiped by the time they got to the Pokémon Centre.

"Nurse Joy! Nurse Joy!" Jason was yelling at the top of his lungs.

Nurse Joy walked around the corner of the left side of the room. It was just now the Jason Realized that the Centre was shaped like a giant Porygon and he started to wonder. Nurse Joy stood in front of him with a stern look. This was a surprise for Jason as every time he had met a Nurse Joy they were always smiling and kind.

"What do you want?" Nurse Joy grumbled half asleep. "The Pokémon Centre is closed tonight".

"I need you to look over my Flygon, please Nurse." The drastic tone in his voice was apparent and Joy didn't recognize him or his voice under the bandanna that Jason wore over his face to protect it from windburn and bugs.

"Well okay." Nurse Joy still seamed quite bothered.

Jason removed the bandanna and goggles before handing over the Pokéball containing his Flygon. Nurse Joy was shocked to discover the champion that was standing in front of her. She suddenly changed her attitude and a smile began to form on her face. Jason noticed and asked why she was so happy.

"I'm a huge fan!" Joy beamed. "I've watched all your league matches and its an honour to handle your Flygon".

"Uh cool."Jason was a little worried.

Nurse Joy took Flygon into emergency care and Jason just stood at the counter with a confused look on his face. He sat down and looked at the other three Pokéballs that were attached to his upper arms. Golduck, Sableye and Claydol, he let all of them out. Golduck was sleeping and didn't wake up when he called on him.

"Oh Golduck, sometimes I swear your as lazy as a Snorlax sometimes."

Jason put on his trusty headphones and began to drift off. The new age techno music was too loud for him to here Sableye calling for him. Sableye scratched Jason across the face leaving three red cuts that stung with intense pain. Sableye looked cross.

"Sableye I told you not to do that how many times now!?" Jason said with his head in his hands.

Sableye pointed toward the E.R and Jason removed his headphones and allowed Sableye to climb onto his head. Walking quickly Jason avoided Golduck with the agility of a Pigeot and proceeded toward the now silent E.R. When Jason entered he was greeted by a Nurse Joy covered in blood.

>