


Chapter 2:


Let Flygons Be Flygons



Jason's facial expression made it obvious that he feared the worst. His usually very straight face had transformed into a mouth gaping, wide eyed mess of worry. He noticed Flygon on a medical table with a huge stitched up cut along her abdomen and a very big worm squirming in a jar off to the side. The worm was covered in blood and had razor sharp teeth that it was using to try and bite at the glass.

"What happened?!" Jason asked with a raspy voice.

"Your Flygon had a massive Burial Worm inside its intestines. I removed it but your Flygon shouldn't fly for a while now." Nurse Joy neglected to mention the fact that Flygon would have died if he Jason waited any longer. Burial Worms are a Pokémon Parasite that infect a Pokémon by swimming into their mouth while drinking stagnate water.

"Well I guess I should stay here for the night. The ship in Vermilion leaves five days from now so I should have the time. But how will I get to Pallet Town tomorrow?" Jason asked.

"Well. You could take a balloon." was Joy's reply.

"A balloon?"

"Yes a balloon."

Jason had never flown in a balloon before. He remembered a girl he was friends with back in the Hoenn region, Lindsay. Lindsay the leader of a Pokémon search and rescue team that was tasked with saving stranded and lost Pokémon and sometimes people.

"I guess I could give it a shot. Will Flygon be able to leave with me tomorrow? Jason asked nervously.

"I suppose she could. But don't use her for any work or battles for a week or so, you could really damage her." Nurse Joy had a doughtful tone to her voice.

"Wait. Nurse do you have a phone around here?" Jason anxiously asked.

"Yes, right by the waiting room over there." Nurse Joy Pointed towards the video phone near the area Jason had been sitting earlier.

"Thanks." Jason quickly dashed over to the phone and called Professor Oak.

"Professor its Jason! I am on." Jason paused and asked nurse joy where he was.

"Your on Rave Island." Nurse Joy replied.

"Rave Island." Jason finished.

"Oh? That's pretty far from Vermilion Jason." The Professor told Jason.

"I know. I just left yesterday and I needed to make a emergency stop." Jason proceeded to explain what happened. "So Professor will you please take Flygon for a while?" Jason asked when he was done.

"Ok Jason but won't you want her for your trip?" Oak replied.

"I will be stopping by the lab and I can pick her up in 3 days." Jason said grinning with his white hair getting in his eyes a little.

"Ok, I'm ready when you are Jason." Oak turned the tele-porter on.

"Here you go." Nurse Joy handed the pokéball containing Flygon over to Jason.

"Thanks." Jason put the pokéball on the pad and the ball disappeared in front of him. "Good by Flygon rest well and I will see you soon." Jason could practically feel the sadness of his best friend as she vanished, his bond was that close.

"I will see you soon Jason." Oak hang up after those last few words.

Jason got up walked to the waiting room and recalled Golduck and Claydol. Jason said his thanks and left the Pokémon centre without directions or even a bite to eat first. Sableye yawned and Jason took a look at the main street of the town. The entire street appeared to have nothing but clubs and bars. As they approached a club near the centre of the town a man stepped in front of Jason before he could cross the street. The man was wearing a suit and a pair of dark aviators.

"Need something?" Jason said obviously very annoyed.

"Your new here. Listen, don't go in to any of the clubs around here, the lights are all made by Porygon and are very dangerous for those who aren't accustom to them." The man warned.

"I can handle it." Jason responded pushing past the man.

The bouncer let Jason in as soon as he showed him his Trainer Card. The club was full of people dancing and the DJ was blasting a Techno song Jason had heard many times on the radio. Standing at the bar was a pretty girl who was serving some tough looking men. Jason strolled over to the bar and took a seat, removing his long black trench coat as he sat. The bartender asked him what he was having.

"Could I get a glass of water?" Jason asked. The girl threw her head back and laughed.

"Are you serious? A glass of water?" She continued to laugh.

"Dead serious." Jason replied with a frown.

"All right champ, here you go!" The bartender said as she poured a glass for Jason. "Would you like a plate of Pidgy nuggets as well?" She asked sarcastically.

"That's not even funny Rose." The man in the suit said as he sat down next to Jason.

"Fill up my canteen too please." Jason handed over his canteen and Rose filled it up. Jason threw some cash onto the bar counter and left giving the man in the suit a cold stare. Just as he left the club a strong headache came out of nowhere and Jason past out.

>