

Twilight and her friends and the Human Minsc stood in the Golden Oak Library.

"Lead the way." said Minsc.

Minsc cracked his knuckles itching for battle to end this evil that dare would harm such sweet, cuddly, good creatures.

"Wait! Before we leave, we need to plan on how to defeat these monsters." said Twilight.

"What are the monsters?" said the Human curiously.

"Shadow monsters. They've taken over Canterlot, rumor has it the shadow monster's leader is there."

"Minsc and Boo have faced shadow monsters before!"

"Awesome!" shouted Rainbow Dash. "What are their weakness?" she said excitedly.

"Light and fire, also cutting their heads off with swords works too."

"So you reckon we could use flashlights to kill them?" said Applejack.

"How much light does a flashlight hit them with?"

"Not very much."

"Hmm, Boo thinks it might stun or blind them, allowing Minsc to easily cut their heads off."

"So we can just walk our way to Canterlot with flash lights?" said Rainbow Dash.

"Those shadow monsters never seem to wane in numbers. Walking to Canterlot might just be a suicide mission." said Twilight.

"We could teleport?" said Rarity.

"Unfortunately, I've heard many reports teleporting into or out of shroud can't be done." said Twilight.

"Why not?"

"The shroud seems to oppress certain types of magic from being used."

"Oh."

"Why not get a train there?" said Spike.

"Good idea Spike." said Fluttershy.

"Less talk, more fight!" he shouted startling the others. "Also, Minsc wonders what is a train?"

"It's a from of transport that ruins on tracks. I think you'll like it." said Twilight.

"Minsc hopes he likes it." he stomped his left steel boot. "Now, leg's go and kick evil's butt for goodness already!" he said becoming a little impatient with his voice raised slightly.

Boo squeaked angrily in agreement with Minsc.

Twilight pushed open the the front door of the library to go outside, followed by Minsc and her closest friends.

>