


POKEMON EMERALD: PORTAL TO ADVENTURE



A/N: Hey! Thanks for checking out my first ever fanfiction! The character in this story, is, well, me! I always wanted to do this, and so heres my attempt. Feel free to review however you want. All criticism is welcome. Now, without further ado, my first fic!


Note: The beginning of this fic takes place in our world.


Brandon woke up with a yawn. Another great nap. He glanced outside.

"Great, still raining" he muttered to himself.

Dragging himself up stairs, he flopped onto the bed.

"What to do, what to do..." he thought, lazy looking around his room.

His eyes landed on a familiar baby blue device. Grabbing it, he opened it, and switched it on. A small "Da-ding" came on screen with a simple logo. Gameboy, it read. The screen then immediately turned off.

"
Whaa. ..? Oh... its dead.
"

Rummaging around for a bit, he found its charger. He popped it into the socket, hooked it up, and flipped it back on. Again, the logo, then, some cheery music started up. The words, '
Pokemon : Emerald
' appeared. He clicked start. Hearing a rumble of thunder outside, he took a glance out the window. Seeing it pouring, he looked back at his device. He read the characters name.

Player : Brandon. Time : 8:32.42
Pokedex : 89. Badges: 7

He smiled, thinking about his adventures in his favorite game. The challenges, the battles, the contests. He clicked start. He happily was about to explore it all.

But not in the way he thought.

For you see, at the exact moment he clicked start, lighting struck his house. The power went out, and he was plunged into darkness.

Brandon slowly opened his eyes.

"Ugh", he moaned, sitting up clutching his head.

He took a glance around. Still his room. He looked out the window. It was bright and sunny.

"
At least it stopped raining.
"

He stood up, feeling dirty and muggy from sleeping in his clothes. He quickly changed, and put on his usual weekend attire. A blue and white truckers hat with a pine tree on it, just like Dipper's from Gravity Falls. (He had order it from amazon, since it was one of his favorite shows). He then pulled on a plain navy blue shirt, jeans, blue and grey sneakers, and a light blue windbreaker. He pulled his satchel full of books, old Lcd games, and other such things over his head.

He headed downstairs, to find his mother cooking eggs. He called out.

"Hey mom."

"Oh, morning Brandon."

He set his satchel around the chair and sat down. She set a plate of eggs in front of him. He hungrily gobbled them up, looking around his kitchen. Something felt off. He couldn't quite place it.

"So what do you have planned today?" His mother asked, interrupting his wonderings.

"Oh, nothing much, just thought id hang with friends around the neighborhood."

"Sounds like a good idea, since I needed to run some errands."

He stood up, and brought his plate to the sink. Washing it, Brandons thoughts began to wander once more.

"Why do I feel... different? Like... happier..." He realized he had been washing for awhile.

He finished it up, and dried and put it away in the cabinet. He went back to the chair, and swung the satchel around his shoulders.

"I'm headed out, bye mom!"

"Bye!" She called from the kitchen.

He went to the front door and opened it. Then
he stopped. He had been right.
Something was different.
A sign across the yard, the yard usually covered with a long street and rows of other houses, stood alone. But even he could read it from where he stood, shocked.

WELCOME TO LITTLEROOT TOWN!
THE HAPPIEST PLACE IN HOENN.

"What... happened..." Brandon muttered.


A/N : Did you like my cliffhanger? Thanks for reading through chapter one of my first fic! More to come. Rate and follow this fic if you liked it! Thanks again! -PKMN Trainer FinnPines.


>