

Well, hello. When I am writing this
one hundred and sixty
people are following this. That's a lot! Certainly more than I had ever hoped for as I was scribbling down the first lines. This story started as a self-indulgent take on the whole "Naruto as Hokage" business (and the serious lack of KakaNaru business in canon but let's not even-) and I didn't know what to expect, taking on a project of this size. I had hoped to write a chapter a week and publish it and be done. As you can see, that didn't happen. Simply put, life got in the way.

But, for the first time in my life, I finished a multific. I got lots and lots of feedback, and only a couple of dents in my fragile writer's ego (much less than I deserve!). So thank you for reviewing. Thank you for sticking by me. Thank you for making this amazing pairing what it is.

Thank you.



Naruto


The fighters wouldn't stop coming, and he kicked one in the chest and swung around, dodging a kunai in the process. It stomped its way into a man's bicep.

He gathered chakra in his palm, pulling a rasengan out of thin air. The blue crackles allowed him to get some room to breathe.

Out of the corner of his eye, he saw something white on the ground. He leveled another two people before realizing what it was he'd seen. He had to check, because it couldn't be.

Where was Kakashi?

He ducked under an arm and between the approaching pairs of feet and stomped up dust, he saw that white head of hair. Why was he lying still?

Naruto felt a creeping fear bubble up, making the blows he dealt monstrous. He fought his way through anyone who tried to stop him, and he ran towards Kakashi to see that he was okay.


He's fine he's fine he's fine he's taken down but he's okay maybe he hit his head, maybe he's a little drowsy he's fine, he has to be, he can't be-



Owl


He returned from the hill and helped deal with the people left. At the mere thought of backup, Tekuno jumped into action once again. A short moment later he realized neither Kakashi nor Naruto was fighting. With a tired, jagged motion Owl lodged his knife in someone, twisted the handle and turned around.

He stilled.

He didn't want to believe what he saw. Kakashi was spread out on the ground, as if he'd fallen asleep, and maybe he had. Maybe that was what it was like. There was no struggle in his body, no urge to get up.

A second later Naruto was there, kneeling in the dirt. He shook his shoulder, "Kakashi-sensei?"

Owl's ears were ringing but not loud enough because he heard Naruto's words and he heard that there was no reply.

"Sensei-," Naruto had sunken down next to the bod- next to
Kakashi,
because there was still a chance, and "as long as you don't give up, you can still be saved,"
my ass.
Owl looked angrily at the gray-haired man on the ground as he thought of his words.


You gave up, didn't you?


He wasn't responding to his student's pleading voice. He could only watch as Naruto held a hand in front of his mask-covered face, checking his breathing. Getting nothing, he pulled it down, tried again. Owl looked away, Kakashi's head had lolled limply as Naruto dragged on the fabric.

He was reminded of a dog he'd had as a child. In her litter of puppies there had been a tiny, brown one. Despite that the little body had gotten cold, she kept licking it, carefully nudging it in the direction she wanted it to go. He saw the same care taking place in front of him again. Despite the lack of results, Naruto kept trying.

He'd given up on trying to feel his breathing and was instead searching on the side of his neck for a pulse, for anything, for the faintest of signs to not give up because Owl felt that that was that it was coming to.

Naruto started yanking on the zipper to the green flak jacket. It had jammed, probably from all the dust. The body was affected by every tug, it moved with them as seaweed following the ocean's current, calmly.

"Goddamn it!" A wail escaped the Hokage and with a final sharp snap of his wrists he managed to get it open.

Owl barely breathed as Naruto leaned in and, very carefully, put his ear against a blue-clad chest.


Naruto


He knew it. He knew this was where his life divided. There would forever be a before, an irreversible edge that he could never overcome.

The wind rustled the trees, he heard his own hectic, rattled breathing, his own beating heart, and he willed it to keep quiet, a momentary silence, an abyss before awaiting the judgment for everything that was and ever would be.
Please live.


There was nothing, he heard nothing.

The crushing of the air made his sight dim.


Ba-dum.



Kakashi


It was dark. Where was he? He couldn't remember...

Something moved below him and everything was light. He shaded his eyes with his hands.

He was lying down, looking up. There was the sun, and the outline of a person, cowering over him.

After the initial rage, the sun was dimmed when he blinked.

Blond hair, white coat, soft eyes that seemed to be crying despite that they were not. "Good morning," Naruto said lowly.

Kakashi suddenly felt bad for worrying him, for making him talk so quietly. "Hey," he said. Chakra exhaustion, probably. He made a faint movement, tried to get himself upright. Displeasure, then success. His mask was down. Why? "What happened to the others? Did you see the guy we were looking for?"

Naruto stared at him, blinked, "...oh, yeah. He was one of the first Tekuno took down. There's nothing to do, I guess."

"I'm sorry," Kakashi said. "I know you wanted to talk to him."

The hokage shook his head, "That doesn't matter now."

They were still sitting down, Naruto on his knees, in front of him, Kakashi cross-legged. His clothes were covered in dust, molecular debris. His flak jacket was open but intact. He felt reassembled, having been subjected to something without knowing what.

Naruto looked around, "We should get going."

It was a battlefield of their own undoing. Owl and Tekuno had stood further away but then joined them. It was late evening when they stumbled back through the corridors, vacantly searching. Naruto lead the way, Kakashi followed. They'd been gone for a long while. In Sunagakure, nothing had changed. The sky was a ruffled evening pink, clouds scattering across it haphazardly. Perhaps planning to escape.

Kakashi had teleported the knife to the other dimension. The man who had thrown it was removed as well, but this time to a place from which there was no return. It didn't take long before he felt the world starting to blur. He hadn't wanted to admit it, where he stood in the clearing, because it was a statement furthering his failure. He had (
would
) fail to keep him safe. He would fail to keep Naruto safe and if he couldn't even do that, if he couldn't do such a simple thing that he'd
sworn
to do, then what good was he? What good was all of it, the glory of the world, if Naruto wasn't safe in it? If he couldn't
live
in it?

Halfway down the corridor, the right pair of doors showed up. Naruto glanced at his door but did not go in. "Your chakra was gone," he said, his eyes looking tired, the eyebrows bleak. "It was just like last time."
Pein's attack.
Kakashi watched intently as Naruto blinked, continuing: "I searched for it and there was
nothing-
". His voice trembled, falling down in the crevices of the air.

Kakashi had left him twice now.
I'm sorry for making you worry.
There were too many words, too many of him, too many quiet things to call him in their shared space. Tons and tons of words, minute and valiant, but dependent on the words before them, causalities of order.

"I thought you had died." Naruto said, allowing his fears to make their way onto the ground, bowing their heads and
kneeling
. Confessing.

"I love you," Kakashi said.

Confessing.



Epilogue


The coffee maker crackled, the red button blinking with the power of mundane prospects, of mornings passing in a breeze. Yesterday's report was precariously placed before the now-empty plate. Every surface of the table was covered with scrolls, trinkets, pieces of involvement. Kakashi scratched his head, studied the information before him. "I think it would be wise to send more troops. It's a dangerous situation."

Naruto nodded, "That's what I thought." He fished out a pickle from the smarmy blue bowl, chewed it down. "I'll talk to the council today."

He was off not a minute later, having taken back the scroll with an accompanying ruffle of Kakashi's hair, then shrugging on the Hokage's robe with a breathed "I should get a new one, this one is
old-
" and a series of promises heard by no one but the man still by the table.

-
It was quiet in the bedroom except for the sound of sleepy breathing and the occasional sniffle. The man with the silver hair was closest to the window, the blond on the other side, burrowed in under the cover. The bed was big but they were intertwined, facing each other in their sleep. They were sleeping soundly, both very tired.

As if they had somehow fallen from a great height.

>