


AN: So here's my first Fanfic! Not my First Fanfic like EVER, but the first one that I have ever posted on Fanficton.



I really really love Arrow and Olicity! So this is just a little story about Felicity getting into trouble once again and how their relationship progresses with every chapter.



I really don't know how many chapters this will be, but I hope you like the first one!



Disclaimer: I don't own Arrow, just the plot.



It was pouring. Every door and window was closed as the rain pounded against every surface exposed to the outside world. No one in their right mind was outside tonight. Of course, Felicity Smoak had to be the one person out in the ominous and deadly storm.

It wasn't by choice—well not
really
anyway. She had been working late in the basement of Verdant again and although every practical nerve in her body told her to stay the night, she didn't exactly feel like staying in the basement alone. So there she was, speed walking through the rain (or as much "speedwalking" as one can manage to do in high heels when it's pouring buckets of rain), with a newspaper held over her head in a vain attempt to keep her hair from getting completely soaked. Finally spotting her car, she cursed herself for parking so far away from the basement's entrance and for not taking up Oliver's offer to drive her home earlier.

Soaked to the bone, she was glad that she had forgotten her tablet inside the basement. With a frustrated groan, she recalled that she had unfortunately
not
forgotten to take her phone and she was sure that it was damaged. Finally reaching the car door, she fiddled with the keys for a moment, not really caring at this point because really; how could this night get any worse?

Getting a hold of the right key, she slipped it inside and wrenched the door open, sitting down heavily before slamming it closed again. She started the car, but took a moment to wipe her glasses clean and squeeze some of the water out of her soaked ponytail. Sighing, she turned on the windshield wipers of the car and began backing out of the parking spot. As soon as she got home, she was going to take a nice warm shower and snuggle in the blankets to watching re-runs of
The Big Bang Theory.


She should have been driving slowly. She could barely see a thing in front of her, but the Glades were still in ruins and driving through the crime infested streets still made her nervous. As a result, she wasn't driving slowly and all she could make out was a large black splotch before she felt herself lurch forward. Seconds later, she heard the sound of the impact that she had already felt. Her seatbelt held her in place, but there was a brief moment where she felt it cut into her skin. Her eyes closed and she heard another loud crack as her head hit something hard. And then nothing; everything went black.


Cold. That was the first thing that she felt; the cold concrete under her. Letting out a weak groan, she flinched slightly as a sharp pain shot through her head. She hadn't opened her eyes yet and judging by her throbbing head, she didn't think it was a very good idea. So she lay there, unmoving trying to recall what had happened.

She couldn't tell you how long she lay there, but it felt like a long time. In all that time, nothing had come back to her, she only remembered working in the basement at the Verdant, but nothing more. Sighing, because she knew she would regret it, she slowly opened her eyes. She was relieved at first, because the room was dark and she was sure that bright lighting would only have fueled her headache. It soon dawned on her however, that something was wrong.

With a start, she realized that her hands were bound together behind her back as she lay on her side. Her feet were in the same position. She also noticed that she lay in a completely empty room. It wasn't a large room, but there were no windows or doors that she could see, so she assumed that the lone door must be placed somewhere behind her.

As she tried to shift her body, she suddenly felt a deep pain in her side and she hastily bit her lip to keep from crying out. Whoever had captured her was under the impression that she was unconscious and she wanted to keep it that way for as long as possible. She hoped that Oliver would come for her soon.

Oliver. She wondered what he was doing now. Did he already notice she was missing? How long had it been since she had crashed her car? She didn't want to think about her captor, or her injuries, so she just focused on Oliver. His bright blue eyes that were dull far too often for her liking, the graceful yet forceful way he moved, the soft tone he used when he spoke to her, and his smile that made her stomach flip.

Suddenly there was a loud crash, followed by a series of gunshots and crashes. She stiffened, listening carefully to the sounds of battle and cringing slightly whenever a shot was fired. After what seemed to her like an eternity, the gunshots ceased which could mean various things; Oliver had shot arrows through his shoulders, the madman had run out of bullets and was now forced to fight like a man instead of a coward, or the madman had hit his target.

She hoped it wasn't the last scenario, but as the minutes ticked by in silence, she became more anxious. Ignoring the searing pain that shot through her as she tried to shift herself to face the door, she wriggled helplessly on the floor. Images of a wounded Oliver filled her mind and she became more desperate with each movement.


'No. Please no. Oliver has to be okay. He has to.'


As she made a particularly rough movement, she involuntarily let out a loud cry of pain. Instantly, she stilled, listening to the sound of her breathing and the beating of her heart pound in her ears. Minute after minute passed in agony and white spots began to dance before her eyes. Tears of fear, pain, and frustration began to run own her face.

"Felicity!"

Aware that she was about to lose consciousness again, she thought she had imagined his voice.

"Felicity!"

She let out a shaky breath she didn't know she'd been holding. Relief washed over her. Oliver was all right and she was going to be just fine.

"Felicity! Goddammit where are you?"

He sounded angry, really angry. There was a loud crash as something broke. As she tried to force her eyes to remain open and her mind to remain conscious, his voice made her aware that she was supposed to be doing something. The white spots had become too many now and, try as she might, she couldn't comprehend what she was supposed to be doing. Slowly, her eyelids began to shut of their own accord.

"Felicity!"

He was closer. And in a brief and final moment of clarity, she knew. She needed to call out to him, so that he could find her. "Oliver!" It was meant to be loud, but it was no more than a strangled whisper.

Evidently, it was enough because there was a loud bang as the door was forced open and she was vaguely aware that she was being picked up. She only had time to register the feel of his strong arms under her before she lost consciousness.

"Felicity, you're safe. I'm here. I won't let anything happen to you." She thought she imagined those words and the brief press of his lips against her forehead as she slipped into the darkness.



AN: So I hope you liked it. :D Please comment and tell me what you think.


>