

Note: If you've read my other story this chapter happens between Chapter 2 and 3 of Trust Me.


Gii stood with his bedroom door open looking at Misu. For a moment neither said anything.

"Misu."

"Saki."

"Would you like to come in?"

"Yes."

Gii turned and headed back into his room. Misu followed, the door shutting behind him.

"Would you like some coffee?"

"Yes."

Gii turned to look at Misu. Misu just stared at him.

"This is a first. I don't think you've ever shared drinks here with me."

"I've come to discuss something with you, and ask you a favor. As I don't think it will be a pleasant conversation I accepted your pleasantries."

Gii moved deeper into his room and prepared two cups of coffee. He set one in front of Misu and the other in front of his chair. He sat down and stretched his legs out, leaning back comfortably. He stared at Misu waiting for him to continue. Misu lifted the coffee and took a small sip, his nose wrinkling slightly.

"I will be asking for my favor first and then we can have our discussion."

"Alright."

"I am taking Shingyouji into town." Gii leaned slightly forward in his chair. "I once heard you mention a place, a spa that your family goes to."

"I know the place."

"I want to book a room for this Sunday."

Gii sat upright. "This Sunday. I am sure they are fully booked by now."

"And this is why I am coming to you. If I could have made the reservation on my own I would have just done it, but for your name they will. This is one the favors you owe me."

"You know I do not like to use my family name like this."

"I know. But once we discuss what I also came here for, I will consider it re-payment for that favor as well." Gii started to lean back in his chair, staring at Misu. "It's about Hayama."

Gii sat back up. "What about him?"

Misu took another sip of coffee and set the cup on the table.

"I assuming then he hasn't come to talk to you. No, he wouldn't would he?"

"What do you mean? What's wrong with Takumi, Misu?"

"I am not really sure."

"Misu, what's wrong?"

"For the past week he's been having nightmares."

"Is it about?" Gii stopped unable to say the words out loud. Not to Misu.

"I don't think so. I know I don't know all the details, but no. He doesn't seem to remember the nightmares. But for the past week he's woken me. He's mumbling something that I cannot understand, and fighting with his sheets. When I try to wake him up he grabs my hands and pulls me towards him."

Gii stood up and turned his back on Misu.

He heard Misu pick his up his coffee. "Don't worry Saki. While I couldn't understand most of what he said, it was your name he called each time he grabbed my hands."

"And he really doesn't remember the nightmares?"

"No he doesn't or at least he won't share them with me. The next morning he acts as if nothing has happened. But he is afraid. Something in his head has him terrified. Has anything changed recently that would cause him to be afraid?"

Gii turned to look at his desk. Placed on top was a small book with the words Visiting New York across the front. A gift for Takumi. He picked up the book and showed it to Misu. "It might be this."

"New York? Why?"

"I asked him to go with me."

"I knew you were dense Saki, but I didn't realize you were that stupid too. You want to take someone who only recently became comfortable with being near people to one of the busiest cities in the world, that speaks a language that is not his own."

Gii set the book back on the table and slumped down into his seat. "He said he was okay. That he wanted to go with me."

"Of course he would say that. He would do anything to make anything to make you happy."

"Takumi is not like Shingyouji, Misu."

"No, he's not. Takumi wants to be right by your side no matter what. So when you ask him something like this, you know he's going to say yes. Because he wants you to be proud of him. And I am sure he thinks it is something he can handle, but at night I think the reality is torturing him.."

Gii rested his head into his hands. "I didn't think."

Misu stood from his chair picking up his now empty cup. He moved to the back of the room. "No you didn't."

"Misu?"

"He's in the library." Misu returned to his chair, picking up his school bag. He started to pull out his books and spread them across the table. Gii looked at him. "You have one night." Gii nodded and stood. "Saki."

"Yes Misu?"

"Keep it off my bed."

Gii smiled at Misu. "We'll try."

"Saki."

"I promise."

Gii grabbed his uniform jacket and school bag before heading out the door. He wandered through the dorms and school hallways to the library. Inside the space was hushed. A few students looked up as he entered, bowing their greeting as he passed. He found Takami in a back corner deeply concentrating on some book. He hadn't noticed when Gii entered the room. Gii stood there for a few moments watching him work. His face so serious as he concentrated, tuning the rest of the world away. And yet not completely unconscious of his surroundings. Moving slightly one way or the other when someone would walk by. He was better, but he still needed more time. Misu was right, it was too early to take him so far away.

Gii crossed the room and pulled out the chair directly across from Takumi. Takumi's head popped up, the smile quickly lighting up his whole face.

"Gii. How'd you know I was here?"

"Misu told me. He came to talk to me." A small frown appeared on Takumi's face. "Yes, he's told me about the nightmares."

"Misu-kun's wrong. I'm not having nightmares."

"Misu isn't one to lie about something like this. He's concerned for you. Are you sure something isn't bothering you?"

Takumi closed his school book loudly. The sound echoing in the quiet room. Some students turned to stare before quickly returning to their own studies.

"I'm fine. Misu-kun's wrong."

"Whatever it is, it was enough for him to come to me. He's given us tonight. If there is nothing wrong then I will go back to my room tomorrow morning and let him know that he made a mistake. Which would actually be kind of fun."

"You can tell him there is nothing wrong now." Takumi grabbed his books and threw them into his bag. He stood and stormed out of the library. Gii quickly followed.

"Takumi, why are you angry? Misu is only worried about you, and now I am too. You are not acting like yourself."

Takumi stopped. "I'm not angry." He said loudly. "I'm not angry." he said again quieter. "I'm just tired."

Gii stepped closer to Takumi, taking one of his hands. "If you're not sleeping well you would be tired. Let's go back to your room. At least give me tonight."

Takumi looked down at their hands. For nearly a half minute he made no movement.

"Takumi?"

In a soft voice Takumi whispered. "I'm fine."

"Then give me tonight."

Takumi lifted his head and looked Gii in the eyes, lightly nodding his head once. Not letting go, Gii walked Takumi back to his room, sticking close to his side. He guided Takumi to his bed, who immediately collapsed against the pillow.

"Takumi, you need to change."

Takumi didn't respond. He just lay they clutching his school bag protectively against his chest. Gii stared down at Takumi's delicate frame, studying him closely. Dark circles under his eyes, down turned lips, tight body posture. All signs he missed that there was a problem. All because he was excited about taking Takumi on a trip and didn't think about what effect it would have on him.

Gii reached down and pulled the bag free of Takumi's hands. He let go of it reluctantly. His hands wrapping around his chest once it was gone. Gii tried to get his jacket off, but Takumi wouldn't budge.

"Takumi, I only want to get you changed for bed."

Slowly Takumi unwrapped his arms and sat up. Gii peeled the jacket free and hung it in the closet. Carefully he stripped Takumi of all his clothing down to his underwear. For a moment his hands hovered over Takumi's shoulder wanting to stroke the soft skin, but he pulled back at the last second. Now was not the time. He brought Takumi's sleeping clothes over and helped him into them. He pulled down the covers and encouraged Takumi under. Takumi lay his head on his pillow and immediately closed his eyes. Gii sat on the floor next the bed. He rest his hand on Takumi's head, gently petting his hair. In a few short minutes Takumi's breathing slowed and his body relaxed.

Gii backed away. He removed his jacket and placed it over Misu's desk chair. He unbuttoned his shirt and folded it into a small square, setting it on the seat of the chair. As he hadn't thought to bring anything to sleep in, he crawled into Misu's bed wearing only his slacks and leaving his chest bare. He lay on his side facing the sleeping Takumi. He looked calm at the moment. His fine dark hair falling across his eyes. His chest rising and falling with his slow relaxed breathing. From what Gii could see Takumi was currently a vision of peace. Gii's eyes fell closed with Takumi being the last vision he held. Something he missed now that they no longer shared a room.

"Gii, Gii." Gii sat upright. For a brief second nothing made sense. How was Takumi calling his name. He shouldn't be in his room. "Gii." The confusion slipped away. Takumi was asleep calling his name from the other side of the room, tossing about in his bed. Gii rolled out of Misu's bed and rushed over to Takumi's side. As he touched him Takumi grabbed his hands and pulled him in tight. "Gii." He called again, his voice still filled with fear.

"I'm here Takumi. Don't worry. I'll protect you, I'll always protect you." Gii whispered into Takumi's ear.

"Gii, please it's too much. I can't. It's too much. Where are you?"

"Takumi, please come to me. I'm right here."

"Gii." Takumi yelled out. His eyes flew open wide, darting wildly around the room looking for something and seeing nothing. His breath dragged out hard and short. A fine sweat appeared across his skin. He opened his hands letting go of Gii and pushed him away. Gii fell to floor staring up at the terrified boy.

"Takumi." Takumi brought his eyes on him, and for a moment there was nothing. No recognition at all, only pure panic. "Takumi?"

"Gii?" Takumi's eyes began to focus on him.

"Yes Takumi."

"Gii, are you really here?"

"Yes Takumi."

Takumi sighed, tears appearing in his eyes. "I'm sorry."

Gii crawled along the floor back to the bed. "May I touch you?" Takumi delicately nodded his head. Gii carefully took Takumi's hands in his own, gently rubbing the backs with the thumbs. "Takumi you were having a nightmare. Do you remember it this time?" Takumi shut his eyes, the tears rolling down his cheeks.

"Yes." Takumi said so quietly Gii only saw his lips move but did not hear the word.

"Do you want to tell me about it?" Takumi opened his eyes but didn't say anything. His eyes bright with the tears. "It's about New York, isn't it?" Takumi averted his lifted his hand and placed it against Takumi's wet cheek, his thumb wiping away some of the tears. "You're scared to go, but don't want to tell me?" More tears spilled from Takumi's eyes. "Takumi, I'm so sorry. This is all my fault. I should have realized how selfish it was of me to ask."

"Gii, no." Takumi turned his face back to Gii. "It's not your fault. It's my fault. I should have said something. I didn't want to disappoint you."

"Takumi, you can never disappointment." Gii ran his fingers through Takumi's hair. "We're a pair aren't we? I'm at fault for not realizing you weren't ready for this, and you're at fault for not telling me no. Well the simple solution is we're not going to New York."

"But Gii."

"Not yet anyway. I still want to go with you, but we'll go when you tell me you're ready. Okay?" Takumi smiled and nodded his head. "Instead we can go somewhere else. Somewhere here in Japan first. Tokyo?" Takumi shook a little beneath his hands. "Still too much? Osaka?" Takumi didn't react. "It's still a big place. But there are many places we can go where it won't feel so overwhelming."

Takumi bit his lip for a moment, then nodded. " would be okay. For a short while."

"Yes? Then I will make new arrangements right away. I will cancel every thing about going to New York and make all new plans." Gii moved to stand, but Takumi's grip on his hand pulled him right back to the floor.

"Gii, it's the middle of the night, it can wait until tomorrow."

"Ah, you're right, it can. Tomorrow I will get this set up and I will call on the promise I made Misu."

"You made Misu-kun a promise?"

"Yes, he asked for a favor. He's taking Shingyouji in to town and I promised to help him with it."

Takumi sat up, his tears forgotten. "Really? Is he taking Shingyouji on a date?"

"It would seem so."

"That's why Shingyouji was so happy today."

"I'm sure he was. And I am sure Misu is too in his own way." Gii leaned forward and placed a kiss on Takumi's forehead. "How would you like to help me to break a different promise I made to Misu?"

Gii peeled the covers off Takumi, slid one hand under his legs, the other around his back and lifted him off the bed. He turned and in two quick steps set Takumi back down on Misu's bed.

"Wait."

"I can't. Don't worry, Misu will just have to hate me a little more tomorrow. Tonight I just want to be with you."

"But."

Gii cut Takumi off with a kiss. Takumi's hands pressed against his chest for a moment, before relaxing and wrapping around his neck. Gii took the encouragement and pressed deeper into the kiss. Tomorrow he had plans to change and an actual promise to keep, but for tonight only one thing controlled his focus. And he intended to give him his full attention the rest of the night.

>