


Okay first things first, I'm sooo sorry that it took me this long to update I just had so much to do with school it's insane and I broke my freakin A key on the keyboard so keep in mind that while I'm writing this every time I need an A I have to pause for a second and push it very careful yet hard and it's so goddamn annoying. Btw, I think I'll keep answering reviews, I kind of like it…



Guest:
Thank you, and like I said, I'll get into that later I guess…


Rycbar15:
My pleasure :) I am so desperately trying to think of a way to include Sherlock but I think I've got a nice idea figured out, stay tuned.


PlutoCookie:
Oh reality will keep striking believe me, and thanks :)


Guest:
Thank you, I try to make Elizabeth more independent because I don't want a cliché damsel in distress, I also don't think that would work with Mycroft's character. Elizabeth will definitely kick ass sometime soon.


Guest:
Thank you, here's your update :)


The Thiefshipper:
Thanks xx


Guest:
I try to :)


Angelforever06:
You have no idea how excited I am for that to happen, it's so hard to keep it at a realistic pace when all you want is throw them into bed already


darkWarrior101
: Seriously? Ok, thanks. I think in Euro you write it after the number so…


belladu57:
Thank you xx


Guest users, you have no idea how much easier it would be to answer and recognize you if you had an account or would include a name xx



Elizabeth's POV:


"Elizabeth…" He tried to touch her shoulder calmingly but she flinched away and took a step backwards.

"No!", she screamed, already feeling that she was getting teary-eyed any minute.

"I wanna hear the truth no calming down this time!"

He looked to the floor; seeming to be thinking very hard, until he looked up again, face as blank of emotions as always. But if she didn't know better she could have sworn that she saw the emotions battling behind his blue eyes.

"Elizabeth, you wouldn't believe me of I told you." He finally spoke, calmly and hesitantly.

"Try me." She crossed her arms in front of her chest desperately trying to keep a neutral expression. Why did she always have to like the wrong guys and then end up caring way too much?

"First of all, I am not a criminal. At least not in the usual definition, so there's no need to be afraid of me."

If only he knew. She wasn't afraid of him. Maybe she should be, but she felt safe with him, even now. But that didn't mean she would let her guard down.

"Just fucking tell me already!" If she had any idea where else to go, she would threaten with leaving, but since she hadn't she just hoped he would spill it out.

Mycroft sighed.

"Remember, I told you I hold a minor position in the British government?" Elizabeth nodded slowly.

"Well, it's not exactly a minor position." He looked at her expectantly, and she felt like she knew what was coming, it was a little too surreal for her brain too process. So she just furrowed her eyebrows in confusion and continued to look at him.

"Elizabeth you truly would not believe me if I told you how big my impact is. Let's just say people who know say I am indeed the government. Some like to say my hobbies are being the secret service and the MI6. For those who know what they're talking about I am the most powerful man in Europe."

Elizabeth's jaw hung open. She always loved those girls that knew responses and appropriate reactions too everything, unfortunately she wasn't one of them. So she just sat down on the edge of bed, failed, and at last sat on the floor, looking up at Mycroft incredulously.

"What about the queen? The prime minister? The cabinet, the-"He sat down on the bed a few inches next to her, after obviously thinking if she would mind the closeness. She actually was happy about it. He looked at her seriously.

"Elizabeth what I say cannot leave this room, do you understand? You can't tell anyone?"

She nodded. "Why would I?"

"And why wouldn't you? ", he asked more rhetorically under his breath. Elizabeth thought about answering, but instead just hugged her knees, hoping to look as less pitiful as possible in that position, and looked up at him, hoping he could somehow see the honesty in her eyes.

"I guess you deserve to know, so back to your question… Elizabeth, the government you know is a show. They are placed there for the public to have a somewhat trustworthy amount of people they think can handle anything, when they're really nothing but figures in a game of chess."

"And you're the one playing them?"

"I am. "

"You said you're not a criminal in the usual definition…" She spoke in a low voice, even though she wasn't nearly as afraid as she probably should have been. The perks of living with an abusive husband for years, she guessed.

He chuckled bitterly at her question.

"Elizabeth, come on, you're not stupid. You know that we live in a time where try to solve problems with discussion. But what do you think happens when discussion fails?"

Elizabeth swallowed. This was developing into a murder confession, and she didn't like it, she still preferred the perfect savior version of him her head had created.

"If you desire to leave now, feel free to do so. It is probably safer for you."

But then again, she thought, perfection was boring. And who was she to judge anyway, she was broken, more than anyone, but she could feel that he was nowhere near complete himself. Maybe she finally had a chance for the happy ending and even if not, she would never forgive herself if hadn't even tried.

She quietly got up on her feet and when she her him sigh, probably expecting her to leave, she sat down on the bed right next to him so close that her arm touched the silky expensive material of his suit. He looked at her, now it was his turn to be confused. Before he could speak again, she cut him off.

"Give me a second, I'm just really bad with words, okay?" He nodded, and politely acted like he would look away, but she could feel his gaze lingering on her.

She swallowed, still not sure what to say. "Look, even if I had anywhere else to go, I wouldn't."

She looked in his eyes, again counting on him being able to read her.


Mycroft's POV


He could see so many emotions flickering behind her eyes, it was hard not to get lost in them. And here he had thought cliché situations like this could only happen to ordinary men. He could see the honesty that she didn't seem able to express, but he didn't understand.

She was, compared to the usual person, rather smart, why would she willingly keep herself in a dangerous situation? That was what people would do for feelings, emotions of course, but that couldn't be the case, could it? Of course not, they had talked to each other, and even if they had, there would be no reason for her to develop any sort of caring feeling or to get attached.

"Why? ", he asked.

She didn't seem to understand what he meant, so he rephrased it.

"Why don't you leave? It's obviously the smart thing to do, and if you wanted to I'm fairly certain you would find a place to stay."

"Ever occurred to you that I want to say?" She said in a mocking tone, but her voice had this strange crackle at the end, as if what she said was really hard for her to say.

"Again, why? Why would you want to?"

"You saved my life."

"Not good enough. You already thanked me and it was what anyone would have done."

"You know it wasn't. Maybe I'm staying because I like you. And maybe I was hoping the feeling was mutual." After that, she looked down on the ground, expecting an answer he figured.

Now, Mycroft was nowhere as confused when it came to emotions as his brother, he did understand them. He understood why people did things, let it be for love, hate, jealousy. It was just nothing he had ever experienced. He had little attachment towards his parents that got smaller as soon as they planned on visiting, on which occasions he usually left the country. After over thirty years, he had yet to have anything more than a feeling of responsibility and occasional worry towards his brother.

But still, there was something different about her. He kept his distance, but he couldn't ignore what was happening. He hated to see her sad, he would have been devastated if she had left and for the first time in forever he had met a woman that he simply could not lay his eyes off.

He was about to speak, when he realized that he must have looked pretty stupid, standing there for about a minute, not saying a word. He looked at Elizabeth, to check if she was mad, but she looked more like someone just drove over her cat, which made him only feel guiltier, and she shook her head.

"You know maybe I should just leave. You don't have to let me stay, by all means, but then it's because you don't want me here."

Mycroft sighed. She was just
so
emotional.

"Elizabeth I want you here, do not doubt that. And even though I fail to see why on earth you would like me, I assure you that you're right."

She looked as if she didn't trust her own ears.
"W-what?"

"The feeling is mutual."


Elizabeth's POV:


She was already on her feet again, prepared to leave, and tears blocking her view, when he stood up too and said what she wanted to hear so desperately.

She didn't know what to answer, and just smiled at him, with the most genuine smile she had given anyone in a while, until her big mouth decided to take over things.

"Let's go out." He looked at her curiously, smirking.

"What?"

"I said let's go out. Like, have dinner, watch a movie, go to a club. You would have to pay, sadly but-" He cut her off.

"You were screaming about thirty seconds ago, found out that I am indeed an actually dangerous person about five minutes ago, and now you want to go out?"

She knew that he was just mocking her, there was an easy tone in his voice, the heaviness from before was gone. Also, she was aware that her behavior was weird, she should be afraid, and confused and maybe be the little girl she was inside and write a diary entry about how she felt butterflies in her stomach the moment he told her that he liked her, but she just really felt like going out. Also, she had barely eaten all day, so that could have had an impact too.

"Yes, I want to go out." She figured he was not an outgoing person, so this was probably pointless, but Mycroft didn't fail to surprise her again.

"Okay. Where do you want to go?" She smirked, time he got to know Elizabeth. Not a broke, homeless pitiful mess, but the person she was underneath.

"Can I surprise you?"

He raised an eyebrow, but then nodded slowly. Her smile grew, if possible, even wider.

"Meet me the door in ten minutes, I have to dry my hair." And with that, she pushed him out the room, closing the door, just to push her back against it and slide down, smiling like an idiot, but this was just working out so good she couldn't believe it.


It's true, you don't know what you've got until it's gone, guys, appreciate you're a key, you have know idea in how many words there is an A. Reviews, as always, are highly appreciated 3


>