


First off, I'm so sorry for how long this took. My life = insane, but, I'm officially captain of the varsity soccer team at school! So this is a relatively short chapter and for that I apologize, I originally wasn't even going to write this scene in, I was just going to mention it in the following chapter but it was so darn cute I just couldn't resist.


Chapter 17: You'll Be in My Heart


"And I realized when you look at your mother, you are looking at the purest love you will ever know."

― Mitch Albom, For One More Day

Where You Belong

AU, all human, Carlisle and Esme are set up on a blind date by their relatives and quickly fall in love but how will their five children blend together? Can the lovebirds build a family together or will something tear them apart? Will they learn where they belong?

Esme POV

After the kids were fed and released some built up energy by swimming and running around, it was night time, in Rio at least, and we knew we needed the kids to get some rest so they would be on the right sleep schedule for the rest of the time we spent here.

"Alright little balls of energy, time for baths and then bed!" I called to them.

Alice got up from where she sat making sandcastles and ran to my arms. "But I'm not sleepy mommy."

"I know that princess but if you don't sleep tonight then we can't play tomorrow." I told her.

She huffed a little sassy huff and I gave her a look which straightened her up right away. "Come on you guys, we've really got to get you all clean." Carlisle told them.

We went inside with all five children in tow and I went to help Alice bathe. After baths, we tucked all the kids into bed before making our way to our own room.

"It's nice to know we're all safe." Carlisle told me as I curled into his arms.

"The kids seem to be having a good time." I told him.

"That they do my love. We'll have to remember how much they love it here and come back under better conditions this summer." He decided.

"That would be nice. With that on top of the Disney Vacations we have planned we might create the most spoiled children in the world though." I reminded him.

"Well maybe we could wait until their fall break." He chuckled.

"It feels almost like we never left." I told him. "This room still feels magical to me like it did on our honeymoon."

"We could see if we still feel like we did on the honey moon." He smirked.

"I think that's a good idea." I told him as I rolled over straddling him.

"NO! MOMMY NO! DON'T LEAVE ME!" was the yell that woke me up.

I pushed Carlisle a little bit as another shriek filled the house. We quickly scrambled to get clothes on before running up to the boys' room.

"Mommy, is Jasper okay?" Edward asked from the top bunk.

"Yes baby, try and go back to sleep." I told him as I watched Carlisle sit on the edge of the bed.

"Jasper, honey it's me, its daddy, open your eyes for me baby, it was just a dream." He soothed as he rubbed Jasper's back.

"No, no, mommy please, you can't go bye bye, I need you." He cried.

I sat beside Carlisle placing a hand on Jasper. "Honey, come on sweet boy, wake up." I told him.

Jasper's blue, tear filled eyes flew open and landed on me. I was expecting him to go to Carlisle for comfort but he wrapped his arms around me.

I held him tightly as his head rested on my chest. "She wouldn't listen to me, she left anyway." He sobbed.

"I know sweetheart but it was just a dream." I promised.

"No, it wasn't, it was so real, she left me." He cried.

"Come on buddy; come to bed with your daddy and me." I told him as he slowly stood up and walked with me down the hall to our room. He climbed into the big king size bed, right in the middle and I climbed in to his right. "Come here sweetheart." I told him opening my arms.

He gladly leaned into them still crying as he rested his head on my chest again. I rubbed his back gently, trying so desperately to soothe him. "It was so real." He cried.

"I know angel but it's alright, I've got you now." I promised. "Just relax sweetie, deep breaths."

He tried to take my advice as he breathed a deep breath in but couldn't quit crying. Carlisle bit his lip from where he now sat up in the bed to Jasper's left. I could tell seeing Jasper like this hurt him. He rested a hand on Jasper's back scooting closer to us. "You're alright pal, we've got you." He assured him.

Jasper still couldn't calm down so I didn't think twice about it, I did what I would always do for one of my children when they were like this, I began humming "Baby Mine", calming him some, and then continued with "You'll Be in My Heart" and "Son of a Sailor" which is the song his tears finally subsided to. I continued to hold him in my arms for a good ten minutes before he finally relaxed.

"Do you want to talk about it?" I asked him.

"In my dream, my mom had a choice, she could choose to stay with us or leave us and she chose to leave us. She chose to leave us even though we begged her not to." He said as more tears filled those beautiful blue eyes.

"If your mother had a choice I promise you she would have never left you." I assured him.

"Why was it so real? Why are dreams so real?" He asked.

"Well think about it this way, if dreams weren't as real, then your happy dreams wouldn't be as happy, those happy dreams wouldn't make you so happy." I told him.

"But if they weren't so real my sad dreams wouldn't make me so sad, or scared." He contradicted.

I sighed. "How about we try not to think about it? How about we think about happy thoughts?" I suggested. "That always helps me."

"What kinds of happy thoughts?" He asked.

"Well, when I'm scared I think about you guys, you and your brothers and sisters, about your daddy, about Christmastime, about Disney World, about all those things that make me happy. What makes you happy?" I asked him.

"You do, so does dad, and Emmett, Edward, Rosalie, and Alice. So do my aunts and my uncles, and my cousins. Earlier today, playing on the beach made me happy, and swimming, I love to swim." He told me.

"What is your favorite memory with the family?" I asked him.

"Probably Christmas morning, our first Christmas together, when we opened all of our presents and got to play together, or maybe when we got to go snow tubing, but I didn't know Edward, Emmett, and Alice back then, it was fun when we played baseball too, and when we played in the snow at Uncle Aro's." He decided.

"What was your most favorite Christmas gift?" I asked him.

"Probably the Disney World trip, I can't wait for that!" He decided.

"See, don't you feel some better now?" I asked him.

"How do you do that?" He asked.

"Do what?" I wondered as I ran a hand through his blonde hair.

"Make me forget all about how I was sad and make me happy?" He asked.

I shrugged. "I guess it comes with the territory." I told him.

"Well, I like it." He decided.

I smiled at him. "I'm glad. Would you like to sleep in here for the night?" I asked him.

He nodded. "Alright, well we've got a fun day tomorrow so we need to get some rest." Carlisle told him. "Night pal."

"Night dad" he told Carlisle "night mom." He said.

That was the first time Jasper had directly called me mom, he had told Carlisle before that I felt like his mother but he had never called me mom.

"Good night son." I told him kissing his head.

Jasper fell asleep soon after that but Carlisle and I still were wide awake. "I've never seen someone have so much success with calming him down; it usually takes me twice as long." Carlisle told me.

"It's a trick I learned with Emmett, distracting with positive memories, it never fails. Are you alright honey?" I asked him.

"I'm fine; it just always unnerves me to see him like that. You know, he is polar opposites, he'll go through time periods where he will tell me if something is bothering him and then time periods when he doesn't which is usually when his nightmares come back." He told me.

"Well he's had a lot of change lately, plus he's in a new place. He'll come around, he'll talk to you." I assured him.

"So how did it feel being called mom by him?" He asked.

I smiled a huge grin at him. "I suppose the way it feels when Alice calls you daddy, out of this world. It shocked me, but I'm glad he did."

"Can I run an idea by you?" He asked.

"Of course." I agreed.

"When we get back home, when things settle down, can we look into the possibility of adopting one another's children? It's just, I don't want them to be legally 'yours' and legally 'mine', I want them to all be legally 'ours'." He told me.

I smiled at him. "The idea had crossed my mind too." I admitted.

"Really?" He asked curiously.

"For awhile now actually, I just didn't know if it was too soon but I already consider them ours." I told him.

"So do I, I'd just like all the technicalities and the legality be covered." He told me.

"Should we talk to the kids about it?" I asked him.

"Maybe not right now, maybe we should see what all the process is going to entail before we tell them." He decided.

"I think they'd be thrilled by the idea." I told him.

"So do I which is another reason we shouldn't tell them, we wouldn't want to get their hopes up if something were to happen and we couldn't get everything in order." He decided.

"Well, with my experience, which isn't much, just a case I studied in law school, with my consent, there isn't much to consider, just papers to sign but I do agree we should wait to tell them." I told him. Carlisle yawned which made me giggle a tiny bit. "We should finish this discussion later, you seem like you could use some rest."

He chuckled as I used the same tone I'd use with one of the children. "Goodnight Mrs. Cullen." He told me reaching over Jasper to squeeze my hand.

"Goodnight Dr. Cullen." I smiled.

We turned off the lamps and for the second time tonight, fell into a deep slumber, this time with one of our children laying between us snoring ever so lightly.

>