

Hello everyone! I hope you like this because this is an experiment.


It was a normal day at Fairy Tail high and all was well. Cana, Macoa, and Wakaba were drinking on the roof, Natsu and Grey were fighting, Lucy, Levy, Erza, Wendy, and Mira were gossiping. Yea pretty normal day until the entire school was called into the gym for an assembly "I wonder what's going on?" Wendy said as she walked to the gym. "I don't know either but whatever it is I've got a bad feeling" Lucy said "Calm down Lu-chan I bet it's nothing" Levy commented laughing at her friend. When the girls entered the gym Lucy was instantly snatched up by Natsu, Erza and Wendy naturally followed. Mira walked of to her sibilings leaving Levy alone. That is until she felt a large hand on her head, she turned to find just the person she was longing for "Gajeel!" said person looked down on her "hey shrimp why are you just standing there starin into space?" he asked. Gajeel had transferred schools with Juvia after the fight between the two schools and truthfully Levy had gain feelings for the strong iron loving delinquent. She smiled at him "Nothing, by the way do you know why we are having an assembly?" Gajeel sneered "Beats the hell outta me" he said.

"Students quiet down" Ms. Charla said from the stage "Due to complaints from the Fiore school board, our school and Sabertooth Academy will behaving an exchange program" many of the students boo'ed at the mention of their rivaling school Sabertooth Academy. "Settle down everyone, as I was saying two of our students will have to spend 2 months at Sabertooth while two of their students will be here" this started whispering to acquire about who will go, again Ms. Charla coughed to get their attention. "We have chosen the two students out of a raffle ad these two are...Lucy Heartfilia and Levy McGarden" The two girls jaws dropped then looked to each other and they knew, they were going to die.

"WHAT THE HELL WHY DOES LUCE HAVE TO GO!" Natsu yelled

Lucy turned to the pink haired boy "Natsu it's ok" she said he turned to her "No it isn't Luce, they'll eat you alive in there!" he grabbed her shoulders "you're not going" Lucy stairedupat Natsu with a pink blush spread across her face "Natsu..." she mumbled. While Lucy was getting smothered by Natsu,Levy was having a mental break down. Levy wasn't the strongest girl ever, she knew that so why was she picked to go to? She physicaly stiffined when a protective arm was put around her waist, she looked up to see Gajeel staring at her. "Don't worry shrimp I'm not letting you to that hell hole" Levy blinked a moment surprised by Gajeel's sudden changeof character, but then she smiled. "Thank you Gajeel"


please review and tell me what you think so far

>