

The sun slowly sank below the horizon, casting a goldenrod glow over the concrete half-pipes and ramps of the newly renovated Oasis Skate Park. Lengthening shadows stretched across the metal grinding rails and plastic benches. A cheering crowd gathered around the red-ribboned entrance of the park, anxiously awaiting the grand opening.

Skateboarding legend Tony Hawk, a slender man with thinning brown hair streaked slightly with grey, strode up to a makeshift platform outside the park. Sabrina Sargent, an auburn-haired woman in lavender skate gear, grinned broadly as she handed Tony a wireless microphone.

"When I was kid, I used to practice here all the time," Tony said to the whoops and hollers of the crowd. "It's been my dream to renovate this defunct park and give it to the skateboarding legends of tomorrow!" With that proclamation, Tony took a pair of comically oversized scissors from Sabrina and slit the ribbon in half. "Welcome to Oasis Skate Park!"

As the crowd surged in with their skateboards, Tony and Sabrina exchanged celebratory high-fives. "C'mon!" Sabrina exclaimed, picking up her near-trademark violet board and skating away. Tony grinned and followed suit, but not before stopping to strap on his helmet and pads.

"Hey, Tony! Show us some moves!" a skateboarder in the crowd shouted.

The rest of the crowd quickly agreed to this idea "TO-NY! TO-NY! TO-NY!" they chanted insistently as Tony jogged up to the half-pipe.

"If you insist…" With a mock long-suffering sigh, he clambered to the top of the half pipe and mounted his board before allowing gravity to take over and send him rolling down the curved concrete pipe. As he left the ground, the skateboarding legend gripped his board and pulled it out from under him, causing the crowd below to cheer. Tony executed a daring flip, righted himself and landed safely back on the half-pipe.

The crowd roared with excitement; Tony steered his skateboard off the half-pipe, performed a kickflip off a nearby ramp and suddenly lost his balance, crashing painfully to the ground!

"Tony! Are you alright!?" Sabrina cried, skating over to Tony as he picked himself up off the concrete.

"I'm fine," he bristled, heading over to his skateboard. "…what the…" Tony's skateboard lay splintered on the ground, the four wheels spinning off in separate directions. "My board!"

As Tony gathered up the pieces of his broken board, a sinister laugh echoed from the park's loudspeakers. The crowd looked up in horror as the mysterious voice began to recite a chilling warning. "The Hawk's wings have been clipped. Leave now or the same will happen to you!"

Suddenly, a creature appeared at the entrance of the skate park. Mounted on a dirty skateboard, the beast skated towards the crowd. Its rotting skin was mottled green; strips of flesh hung from its wasted arms. It wore a torn shirt with filthy blue jeans that were more rip than denim. The monster skated across the park, laughing maniacally as the frightened crowd performed a mass-exodus from the skate park.

>