

"Ace!" Tony gasped.

"Just as I thought!" Velma exclaimed with a smug grin.

Ace scowled. "So how'd you know it was me?"

"Wasn't hard," replied Velma. "The monster was a good skateboarder, and, of our suspects, you were the only one who knew how to skate well."

"But…but why, Ace? Why go to all this trouble?"

Ace hung his head. "I…I wanted to discredit you. You've always been the golden boy of skateboarding, so I thought that if I could scare everyone away from your park, then…well, then I might have a chance to shine."

"Wow, Ace," Tony shook his head. "I can't believe you'd stoop this low."

Sabrina pulled out her lavender-cased cell phone. "Well, should we call the police now?"

"I don't think so," Tony replied. "No lasting damage and no one got hurt. I'm willing to just sweep this all under the rug." He grinned. "Besides, if you go to jail, who will I beat in the next X-Games?"

Ace's grin broadened as he kicked off his costume. "Thanks, Hawk, I really owe you one."

Tony waved a hand dismissively. "Get out of here," he joked with a playful shove. "I'll see you at the Games."

As Ace slunk away, Sabrina put her arm around Tony. "That was awfully nice of you," she said, kissing him on the cheek.

"I didn't see any reason to drag everyone through the mud over something like this. I'm too busy to breathe, much less attend endless court trials. And the last thing this park needs is bad publicity."

"And the mothers of M.A.T.H will be all too happy to provide that," Velma replied, deadpan.

"I heard that!" came a shout as Carmen and her group of protestors assembled in the skate park. "You may have foiled one threat, but mark my word, we'll find a way to shut down this abomination…and we'll do it legally!"

Tony saw it first. "Ms. Frost, wait!" he shouted as the protestors turned to leave, but it was too late. Carmen accidentally stepped on an abandoned skateboard and was hit by the cruel pull of inertia. Her screams echoed through the park as she hurtled towards the half-pipe.

"C'mon, we've got to help her!" Velma exclaimed, leaping on her own skateboard and taking off. The rest of the gang followed suit (albeit reluctantly, for some).

Carmen raced up the curved edge of the half-pipe before gravity took over and she skidded backwards up the other end. She braced herself for a crash that never came and she looped back-and-forth on the half-pipe.

At last, though, the gang managed to bring the runaway woman to a halt. "Ms. Frost, are you okay?" Fred asked cautiously.

"Okay?" she echoed. "Okay!?" The group shrank back, expecting a vicious rant. Nothing prepared them for what came next: "I'm better than okay! Woohoo, that was a rush! Ladies, you have GOT to try that!"

Tony and the rest of the gang could barely hide their smiles as the women of M.A.T.H. instantly disbanded to try out their new skateboards.

The gang spent the rest of the day skateboarding with their new friends and learning a few new tricks from the pros. Scooby amazed them all by performing a kickflip off a ramp and landing balanced on his tail. Shaggy followed suit but crashed to the ground, having forgotten that he didn't have a tail.

As the sun slowly began set over the horizon, the gang dismounted their boards and stripped off their gear. "Are you sure you have to go?" Sabrina asked, intertwining her fingers with Tony's.

"Unfortunately…" Fred sighed. "We've got a Hydra in St. Petersburg we've been putting off and well..."

"Thanks for everything," Tony said, shaking hands and paws in gratitude. "It was great meeting you all. I'm sure our paths will cross in the future."

At Fred's request, Tony signed a corner of his ascot before the gang clambered into the Mystery Machine. As Tony and Sabrina waved goodbye, Fred steered the Mystery Machine off into the sunset.

>