


Hey!



This one is also pretty creepy-Dark Natsu. I'm creeping myself out by writing this…but Natsu will get better. Lucy is pretty damn OOC. This happens about… seven years after the GMG…but without the other arcs. As always, please review! Enjoy!



Fairy Tail belongs to Hiro Mashima


Natsu knelt next to the dying body of his partner and surrogate son, the exceed Happy. Tears streamed down his face as his best friend met his end after saving the others from a devastating attack from the bandit leader, who collapsed to the ground soon after, having thrown everything he had into his last-ditch assault. Soon, his body began to glow, before dissolving into the air, leaving a very gloomy and depressed Team Natsu. Once they arrived at the guild, Natsu informed the others of what happened, and many people stopped and consoled him. The funeral was planned later that week, and even Carla seemed unhappy, not that she would admit it. It had hit her and Lisanna hard, but it was nowhere near what Natsu felt. He was one of the only people left at the end of the day, and was downing another drink, his fifth in a matter of minutes. After moping around for a while, Natsu decided to return to his house, but couldn't help but overhear Lucy talking to someone else, "I mean, it's not like anyone's gonna miss that stupid cat. He was useless and annoying! If you ask me, Happy dying was good riddance!" Natsu froze at these words. His closest friend, the companion who was always there to cheer him up, raise the mood, was viewed as annoying? The best friend who had sacrificed his life was useless?

No. Natsu tried to regain control of himself, before Lucy's disgusting voice washed over him once more. 'No…No...No…No…NOOOOOOOO' Natsu thought before charging straight off to the woods, a flood of painful memories and excruciating experience suddenly rushing into his head. He did not see the massive golden magic seal around him that slowly darkened, and turned black before cracking and disappearing.


ELSEWHERE IN MAGNOLIA


"At last…" a young, petite woman with light blonde hair breathed, "the last seal was finally broken. This is most likely the final battle that determines the fate of Fairy Tail,"

"My brother."

The next day, no one knew where the young dragon slayer was, but no one could find him so it was assumed he ran off in order to deal with the turbulent emotions of a close friend's death. Lucy, Gray and Erza had invited Mira on a mission, in order to distract themselves from Happy's death. People still laughed and chatted in the guild, but an air of unease and discomfort was present, leading to several uncomfortable silences. Fighting was still persistent, but the guild seemed less lively without the pink-haired teen and his Exceed. It was assumed that this awkward mood was due to a guild member's death, but little did they know, that this was just the beginning. Makarov sat on the counter, apparently brooding something, when a young, hooded, masked girl walked in. No one could see her face, and she walked over to the master. Removing the mask and hood, she said, "It's nice to see you, Third Master!" Makarov looked up, before recognition showed on his face along with a flash of surprise, "First Master Mavis Vermillion! What are you doing here? I thought you died long ago!" The girl, now identified as Mavis Vermillion, the Fairy Tactician, merely said, "I was brought back, but only for a purpose. A war is upon our guild, and we should all be prepared for this." At the mention of a war, the chatter in the hall died down tremendously, as different expressions were shown on the members' faces. There was surprise, fear as well as curiosity. Mavis refused to reveal any details, saying that she had to wait for when the time was right. Another eerie silence pierced the guild, as everyone was too caught up in their own thoughts to continue in their day to day activities.

Gray, Lucy, Erza and Mira were returning from their mission on a bright, sunny afternoon. As they walked along the road, a strange man stepped in their way. He had a mound of spiky black hair, had a black scarf around his neck and was dressed a set of seamless, chrome and black armor. It was made of metal, and on his hip was an obsidian blade marked with runes. The strangest part were the large, black , feathered wings coming out from his back. On his chest plate a silver Fairy Tail mark was visible, yet the others had never seen him before. Gray looked at the man quizzically before asking, "What do you want?"

The man smiled.

He said, "I will allow you to live, because all of you helped awaken me, but you must help me relay a message." The man's tone of voice, along with the sneer on his handsome face, antagonized the members as they prepared to show the man what they were made of. Gray charged first, but was incapacitated in one blow. Mira and Lucy met the same face, as Erza decided to approach more carefully, wary of his power. Her mind raced, searching for a weakness, an opportunity, before the man began to speak: "Tell Mavis: war is upon us, and I will be holding back for a little bit, and tell your guild that any more infringements will result in more…severe punishments" while dodging a few of Erza's slashes. She continued to slash at the man with her sword, attempting to hit him, but the blade seemed to pass straight through him. Confident that she had heard, the man caught Erza's blade and began his counter offensive. Erza equipped to her Adamantine Armor, but was smashed back after only a few hits. 'How…how is this man so powerful? Who is he anyways…' Erza thought as she retreated, panting from exertion. The man looked intrigued, and asked, "Still standing are we? Well I can fix that for you." He finally drew his sword, and it gleamed with deadly power. He seemed to think a bit about what to use, before finally choosing fire. 'Fitting,' he thought, as Erza once again brought out her Adamantine Armor. He swung the blade, cutting through the armor in one hit, before a quick punch to the head put her out for the count. He sighed and placed his hands on the bodies, teleporting them back to the guild.

Warren was strolling home after completing another successful mission, when he saw four strange shapes lying in front of the guild. Frowning, he increased his pace before seeing the immobile bodies of Gray, Mira, Lucy and Erza. Gasping in shock, he charged through the doors and yelled, "Somebody help!" Everyone looked up, and saw Warren try to drag several bodies back into the guild. Laxus, Gildarts and Cana rushed forward to help, and the injured people were taken to the infirmary for immediate medical attention from Wendy. Makarov rapidly grew angered, furious that his children had been hurt, while Mavis grimaced and said,

"It has begun."


>