

Well hello there. This is the obligatory "going on a journey" Pokemon fanfic I made waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay back in the day. In no way does this draft reflect my modern skills, tastes and even interests. It's based so much off of Gen Five stuff that I think I needs to crawl in a hole and die. But, I digress. It did a few good parts and I love Tiffany and Clyde's portrayal. I could not just destroy Sodom knowing that on righteous moment lived there. It just works. But then again, this is old, it's a draft, I don't intend to finish it, and I don't think anyone cares

I would like to thank the anonymous reviewer who left me flames in a review. I agree with almost everything you said and I will make most of those changes. I still consider Poekmon species names to be proper nouns, it sort of makes more sense to me. Thank you for your honesty, thank you for not sugar coating it, and I just wish you were brave enough to use your account to do that that I could properly thank you. This is not sarcasm, I APPRECIATED YOUR COMMENTS!

Without Further Ado:

Indigo's League


Indigo wasn't like many of the other kids he knew. Most children, when they reached the age of ten, went out on journeys with the Pokémon they had so lovingly cherished since birth. Indigo wasn't that lucky though.

On his older sister's tenth birthday, she received her first Pokémon. She wasn't allowed to go on a journey, but she got a Pokémon. Indigo, in her position, would have been happy with that. His sister, Crystal, wasn't though.

Crystal had always been rather shy. Since she was such an introvert, she preferred to stay at home. Out of the blue one night, she snuck out and left a note for her family, determined to go on an adventure.

Six weeks later, they were visited by a police squadron, asking if her family could identify a dead body. Crystal's face was not recognizable; it was torn to shreds. The only way they could tell it was her was from her silver dog tag necklace. It was printed with the letter C in the bottom corner, along with her address and phone number. Her body was found floating down a river, on a piece of plywood. Indigo wasn't allowed to leave the house for a month after that.

When he was allowed to experience fresh air again, his mother refused to let him go anywhere near Pokémon. She believed that if he was kept away from them, he would learn to dislike them, and he would continue his education rather than go on a journey. Her ultimate goal was to keep him safe, but to Indigo, he felt her protective actions were a prison sentence. Before the incident, he had been very fond of Pokémon, and loved meeting the local wildlife.

His father was just as "cruel" in Indigo's eyes. His father quit working at the local boat shop and moved his family to Nimbasa City, then soon after to the more secluded Anville Town, where wild Pokémon were scarce. Indigo had to leave all of his childhood friends and memories behind, now that he was leaving the Johto region for faraway Unova.

He adjusted to life, though. The sun still rises after an earthquake, or after a fierce war. Indigo continued learning at a trade school, which was customary for children after they completed their journeys or simply finished normal schooling. His school was owned by Mr. Yakamushi, a stubborn instructor who also happened to have moved from Johto.

Indigo soon became skilled with engineering. His knack for tinkering around with trains soon mushroomed into an impressive knowledge of mechanics and programming. The four other apprentices at his school were simply second rate compared to his mastery for metal. He often finished his assignments early and conquered difficult challenges with ease.

Of course, his prowess with building held nothing to his lust for a Pokémon.

Indigo could not stomach whenever he saw one. It wasn't hatred he felt; it was jealousy. Every person in possession of a Pokémon was, in Indigo's eyes, someone who deserved to have their skull pounded down into oblivion.

Indigo knew he looked at these creatures with envy. He never thought he'd be able to own one though. Even when he moved from his ever-protective parents, he thought they would disown him for having any.

He was only partially right. If he was to obtain a Pokémon, he certainly wasn't going to catch it.

But he'd get one someday. And with it, something more.

>