

Jack Dawson was one of the most decent men I've even known, but he had a deep obsession that drove him to insanity. As his friend and his aide I watched him crumble; I watched him sit in the dark uncaring lonely night, torturing himself over the past and how he failed to save her. Most nights I found him wakening in horror from the same nightmares he so frequently had.

Dawson had so much but in reality he was an empty shell of a man. Not even the riches and the hordes of women at his feet could give him satisfaction; the thing he longed for most was out of his reach. However Dawson was restless and he was ambitious. I was tired of doing the job that was destroying his sanity and consuming him. In a way I admired his steely determination to fight for the thing that he wanted most in the world, but did he want too much? I wanted him to be happy, to settle down with a nice girl and to leave the past in the past.

It was the roaring twenties and Dawson was one of the newest billionaires. He brought the most exquisite mansion on the bay; it looked like a palace fit for a king with its crème exterior, ivory lion pillars and gleaming iron gates. It was surrounded by an abundance of cricket green lawn and neatly trimmed hedges. I found it strange that one man would want to live in such a huge mansion, but now I realise that he was trying to fill a void with the vast amount of space. He spent his time searching frantically for the piece of his heart that was missing. He tried all those years to search for her; he vehemently refused to believe that she was dead. He believed that she was a fighter. He never gave up for all those years. It had been ten long years, but by the time he had found her I feared it was too late. She was married with two children, but that didn't deter him. "I've waited so long for her, I can't let her go," he said. "I'll do everything to get her. I've done all of this for her and I need you to help me get her."

I didn't want to argue with Jack, nobody was going to stop his insatiable thirst. All I could do was be there for him. I didn't want him to be disappointed, I didn't want for it all to go wrong, for all that Jack had desired and dreamed of for 10 years to go down the drain. "I'll help you Jack, I'll help you get her," I agreed. "I'll help you get Rose."

>