

"This is all your fault Dawson!" Frank hissed.

"You leave him alone you brute!" Katherine said.

"You butt out of this!" Frank said.

"Don't you dare talk to her like that! You stay away from Katherine, do you hear?" Arthur spat.

"Don't worry, I don't want your pathetic little whore!" Frank sneered. Arthur who was not by nature a violent man and who had never been in a fight before, smashed his fist into Frank's face.

"Arthur he's not worth it!" Katherine cried.

Arthur struck him with his fist again, this time directly on the nose. A pool of scarlet trickled down his chin and onto his shirt. "And that's for sleeping with my fiancée and treating her like one of your whores!"

"Look at you Arthur, I didn't think you had it in you being the poor little weasel you are! You think you're good enough for Katherine, well you're not. You're some nobody from some average middle class family in Iowa with a fair bit but not that much money. Katherine likes men with money and power and you have neither! Girls like Katherine don't marry men like you, no offense. Same with your friend Dawson here, some shady con man with hardly a penny to his name suddenly becomes a billionaire. How d'ya do it? Maybe you should write a book! Everyone knows that deep down behind that money, you're a nobody. You parents were some poor farmers in the middle of god knows where! Says in your records that you were a penniless artist and a thief and you bet your way onto Titanic in a lucky hand of poker!" Frank laughed. He began to laugh hysterically.

"Perhaps nobody wants you either!" Arthur said. "Your own wife can't stand you! She'd prefer to be with Jack instead of you and you can't bear that."

"I've got plenty of women after me thank you very much and she'll come running back to me once your money runs out Dawson and it will! Your luck will run out eventually and you'll be exposed for what you are, a crook."

"Dawson is ten times the man you are Frank!" Arthur yelled. He reached to hit him again but Frank knocked him over with his fist.

"Arthur!" Katherine cried. "Don't you dare touch him," she growled at Frank. "Are you ok Arthur?"

"I'm fine my darling, just fine." Arthur and Katherine gazed lovingly into one another's eyes.

"I'm going to find Rose," Jack said adamantly. "I want to know that she's ok."

"Me and Arthur will come too," Katherine said.

"I'm coming too, I'm her husband!" Frank snapped.

"Do you know where she could be?" Jack asked.

…

They drove around practically the whole city but they couldn't find her anywhere. It wasn't easy to co-operate as Frank and Arthur persistently continued to argue. They returned home after around two hours.

"Perhaps I should call the police," Frank said.

"Come on isn't that a bit drastic, she'll come back on her own. She's probably gone to cool off somewhere. We should probably go home," Katherine said.

"I worry about Rose, especially when she gets in a state. I don't want her to do anything irrational."

"Since when were you the caring husband? I didn't think you cared much for you wife!" Katherine said cuttingly.

"Of course I care about my goddamn wife! I'm going to treat her better from now on."

"She's going to live with me and I'm going to take care of her; I'll make god damn sure you never come near her!" Jack raged.

"You and what army?" Frank smirked.

"Pack it in both of you! When Rose finally comes back she'll decide herself who she wants to be with!" Katherine shouted.

That moment a car pulled into the vast driveway, but it wasn't Rose's car, it was a police car.

"Oh Christ!" Frank said.

"Oh God I hope she hasn't been hurt," Jack's voice wavered. He ran over to the police car. Two officers stepped out of the car and pulled an inebriated woman out of the back. Lipstick was smeared over her face and her electric red hair stood all over the place like a lion's mane.

"Rose!" Jack cried, running over to Rose, wrapping his protective arms tightly around her. "Thank God you're ok baby."

"What on earth?" Frank demanded.

"I'm afraid this lady was driving under the influence of alcohol and crashed into a tree. Luckily all she suffered was a few cuts and bruises. We're willing to let this go sir if you pay a fine," the police officer said.

"Yes of course, how much? And what about the car?"

"The fine will be forty dollars and the car is at a service station, I've got the details her," the police officer explained.

"Here," Frank said, pulling out his wallet and handing the policeman a couple of crisp notes. "We'll take it from here, thanks for your time. I should have known this would happen, I told you she does irrational things when she gets upset. Come on Rose let's go inside."

"I think she should come with me," Jack said protectively. "Come on baby, come home with me, it's gonna be alright. I'll take care of you."

"No I said I'll take care of her, she's better off with me!"

"Why don't you both stay away from me?" Rose slurred.

"Rose I'm so sorry that I lied to you, we'll talk about everything in the morning, but first you should get some rest," Jack said gently. "We can be happy together; I know that you love me and that you never loved him."

"But I did love him," Rose said. "I loved him once but not anymore."

"I thought you always loved me," Jack said.

"I did, but I loved Frank too."

"Come inside Rose darling, we can work this out, you don't need him. You can go now Dawson," Frank said patronisingly.

"I'm not leaving Rose; I've never stopped loving you. I won't let you go now that I've found you. We can get through this!"

"For goodness sake, you've said you're bit and she still doesn't want you. Now get off my property before I call the police."

"Please Rose come with me! Rose!"

Frank reached for the portable telephone and called his security team. "I'd like you to remove this man from my property."

"Rose!" Jack yelled.

"Come on Jack let's go home," Arthur said reassuringly.

"I'm not going unless Rose comes with me!"

"Just give things a few days to cool off; it's a lot for her to take in." Arthur used his strength to pull Jack away from Rose.

"Rose!" Rose stood there blankly; her eyes were still and cold like an iceberg. She looked so pale, so lost and so frightened. She looked exactly the way she had looked the night the Titanic sank and she looked at him the way she had looked when she was separated from him and put into the lifeboat. He wanted the old Rose back, the strong willed, passionate and vivacious Rose; the Rose who was crazy for him and didn't give a damn about what anybody else thought.

The love that he had felt during those 3 days on the Titanic was a love he had never felt before. Sure he had loved his family and friends, but this was a different kind of love. His love for Rose was more than just puppy love or a first love, it was something deeper, like he had found a part of him. Rose had had to have felt the same; he knew she still felt it. It was just that time had made her retreat back to the afraid and submissive Rose who let those around her control her. She had been hurt by a man who she had thought would love her the way Jack loved her and she had been enticed back into a rich and shallow society. She had to grow up and face that she could never escape her background and that she would never be free again.

"Jack!" Rose called back.

"Come on Rose, we're going inside now!" Frank snapped.

"Come on let's go," a burly and cruel looking security guard said, gripping Jack by the arm.

"Fine I'm going, just give me one second. Can I have a notepad and pen?"

"Whatever for?" the security man said scornfully.

"Here I've got a notepad and pen," Katherine said, handing it to Jack. He quickly scribbled something on the piece of paper and handed it to Katherine.

"Give this to Rose!"

>