


AN: This little ficlet is a birthday present for my dear friend Freeway girl who I have had the privilage of getting to know through this site. She has a birthday coming up this month and this is my small gift to her! Freeway girl, I do hope you enjoy this. It's going to be a two or three shot and I will post a chapter a week leading up to your birthday! I love you girl!



Warnings: None



This is my first Veela fic, I hope you all enjoy!



Sherlock was nervous. It had been two years since he had seen Molly Hooper. She had known he was alive of course, but he had not even spoken to her since faking his death and leaving to dismantle Moriarty's criminal network. Slowly and carefully, e poked the yellowish bruise on his jaw from where John had hit him. He didn't think she would hit him as John had but he decided he would ire on the side of caution.

But John's reaction was to be expected he supposed. He hadn't seen John in two years either, but then again, John hadn't known he was still alive. And interrupting your best friend's dinner date where he intended to propose to the woman that he loved was probably not the best place to rekindle old friendships.

If Sherlock hadn't of been so concerned that Mrs. Hudson might be truly having a heart attack, he might've found her reaction to seeing him alive after two years comical. Her eyes budged out and she made a rather odd noise, kind of like a cackle, but not really. And then she had swooned and he had grabbed her into his arms to keep her from falling over and to comfort her as she sobbed. Greg Lestrade seemed to be the only one who didn't want to kill him.

But now he was to see Molly's reaction at seeing him again for the first time in two years. John had already warned him to stay away from her, that she had gotten over him and moved on. She had met some nice brown haired bloke that for some reason reminded John of Sherlock, but that was not the issue. The issue was Molly was now free of her heartache over Sherlock and was happy now. And if Sherlock screwed that up, he'd have a nice black eye to go with that yellowish purple bruise on his jaw.

So here it was that Sherlock was sitting at a fancy table in a rather posh restaurant sitting beside a glaring John who was daring him to misbehave. John's nice new fiancée Mary, who Sherlock rather liked, was also there along with Greg Lestrade, and his new girlfriend, who used to be one of John's girlfriends. Sherlock found the whole situation rather odd but he had always liked Sara, even if he could never remember her name.

Sherlock was to meet Molly's new boyfriend tonight…Nigel something or other or some such nonsense! But he had promised to be on his best behavior and that's what he intended to do…behave. It was the least he could do for all that she had done for him.

Without warning, Sherlock suddenly felt himself get very flushed. A wave of heat washed over his body. His skin colored and there was sheen of sweat that quickly broke out over his skin. The room seemed to dim and narrow, as if he had tunnel vision and the voices in the restaurant seemed to fade away. He was vaguely aware of someone beside him speaking to him. He could only deduce that it must be John.

Sherlock could feel his pulse quicken and his heart race violently. And then he smelled it. The scent was so strong and powerful he could almost taste it. All of his senses zoned in on that smell and he inhaled deeply, his mouth watering.

"Sherlock!" John shouted shaking him.

"Sherlock what the bloody hell is wrong with you?" Greg shouted also shaking him.

"What?" Sherlock said barely paying attention, his eyes searching the room for whatever it was that smelled so deliciously divine.

"You're vibrating!" John said in his ear.

"Don't be ridiculous John." Sherlock said vaguely aware that he had spoken.

"No, I think he's…purring." Greg said almost as if a question.

Suddenly, Sherlock's eyes landed on the object that was apparently stirring his blood. Molly Hooper had just entered the restaurant. As soon as he beheld her, Sherlock was vaguely aware of a voice that sounded quite a bit like his saying, "Mine…my mate…My Molly…mine…"

His eyes roamed over her body before he heard her giggle. His head shot up and his eyes narrowed when he saw that a man whom he had never seen before was holding Molly's arm. A wave of protective rage that he had never felt before in his life rushed over him as a tidal wave.

"MINE!" Sherlock roared, jumping to his feet and tossing the table aside, sending it, everything on top of it and John to the floor as he was the closest to Sherlock.

Before John could get up or Greg could react, Sherlock had jumped over several other tables on his way to Molly.

Molly who had noticed him coming towards her stared at him with wide eyes and moved to stand behind her boyfriend.

This seemed to only enrage Sherlock more as he roared again. "MINE! MY MOLLY! MINE TO PROTECT!"

Sherlock reached the cowering Molly and her boyfriend. Sherlock grabbed Nigel by his neck and tossed him aside as if he were nothing more than a rag doll. Nigel crashed into the wall and slid to an unconscious heap on the floor.

Molly screamed and turned to run when she heard John call out. "Don't run Molly! It'll just make him worse. Just stop where you are. He won't hurt you."

Molly stood frozen to the ground staring at Sherlock as he stepped towards her, inhaling deeply as he circled her as if she were his prey. "Mine…." He growled. "My mate…mine…"

"John…" She whimpered frightened.

Sherlock stepped back from her, his eyes black and stared hard at her. "Why does mate call for John? Molly is mine."

"John what is happening?" Molly pleaded.

Greg moved to stand beside John and stared at the scene in front of him. "Good God…he's a Veela. When in the hell did this happen?"

"I have no idea. He's been gone for 2 years and didn't see fit to tell his best friend that he was even alive, not that it matters at this moment." John snapped. "Sherlock…" He said calmly, approaching with caution.

"Sherlock…" John tried again, but got no response from Sherlock. "Okay he's too far gone. I'll have to talk to the Veela and hope to God that it can be reasoned with." He cleared his throat. "Um…Veela."

Sherlock's head twitched slightly, but he did not look away from Molly. His stare was so intense that Molly could not help it, she stepped back which caused an immediate reaction from Sherlock. He cried out and reached out for her.

"Molly don't run!" John shouted. "I swear he won't hurt you. Just stand there. Let him hold you, it will calm him."

"My mate…my Molly…mine…" Sherlock sighed into Molly's hair contentedly. She trembled in his arms, but tried very hard to do what John said.

"Veela…" John said more forcefully.

"What?" Sherlock responded.

"Um…could you let Molly go? Only for a moment, you're scaring her." John said stepping even closer to Sherlock.

"Veela doesn't scare mate." Sherlock said lazily, still inhaling her scent. The purring and vibrating sounds from his body that signaled his contentment could be heard throughout the restaurant.

"John what is happening?" Molly asked softly.

"Mate doesn't need John, mate has Veela." Sherlock mumbled into her hair.

"Veela, look at your mate. You are scaring her. And Veela doesn't want to scare has mate does he." John asked gently.

Sherlock released Molly and stepped back. She stared up at him with wide frightened eyes. Sherlock's brow creased. "Why is mate afraid of Veela?" He demanded in a hurtful tone.

"Sherlock…its Molly…don't you know me?" She asked.

"Of course Veela knows Molly. Molly is mate." Sherlock said smiling lovingly at her.

"Veela, why don't we all go someplace else where we can be alone and talk about this." John urged gently.

Sherlock whirled around and stared at John. "John Watson does not need to be alone with Veela's mate. John Watson has mate."

"That's not what I meant Veela." John assured the already temperamental Sherlock. "Molly is just a little frightened. Perhaps if we all go…"

"Why does John Watson keep saying Veela's mate is frightened? Veela's mate is not frightened. Mate knows Veela would never hurt mate." Sherlock said in a voice that closely resembled a snarl.

"Look, John." Greg said approaching him quickly. "This could escalate quickly and people could get hurt. We have got to get him out of here and if not him, at least Molly."

A screech erupted from Sherlock as he stalked towards the two men. "You want to take Veela's mate away! Molly is mine…Molly is mate…my mate!" His voice dropped dangerously low.

Greg slowly put up his hands. "No, we're your friends Sherlock. We don't want to take anything away from you."

"VEELA IS NOT SHERLOCK!" Sherlock roared and lunged at Greg knocking him to the ground.

Molly cried out and turned to run when John made a move towards her. "Molly don't!"

Sherlock whirled around and saw John moving towards a frightened looking Molly. He roared in anger again and grabbed John back by the back of his neck and turning John to face him. "Supposed to be Veela's friend. Trying to take Veela's mate…" Sherlock hissed as he lifted John by his neck off his feet.

John kicked and struggled. "Sherlock I was not trying to take her. I am trying to help you…the both of you."

Molly rushed towards Sherlock and shoved him. "Put him down! What's the matter with you Sherlock! Stop it! You're hurting him!"

Sherlock turned to face her, dropping John to the ground. Molly shrank back when she saw the look on Sherlock's face. His eyes were black with desire and his face was like a hungry animal. His face softened when he smiled at her and he reached out for her, but she was too afraid of what she saw in his eyes. She stepped back from him and ran for the door.

John picked himself up off the floor and yelled after the fleeing Molly. "Molly stop! Don't run!"

"Molly stay where you are!" Greg joined in, but it was too late. Molly was already out the door of the restaurant and running.

Sherlock gave an enraged roar as his appearance changed in the blink of an eye. Gone was the tall lanky man with the mop of brown curls. In his place stood a large winged creature with black feathers and a ferocious beak. The Veela, angered by Molly's fear and rejection of him had taken complete control of Sherlock. It spread its wings and in one swoop, burst through the large paned window in the front of the restaurant in pursuit of Molly.

John took off after the Veela, calling out to it, trying to reason with it. Greg quickly pulled out his mobile and dialed a number. Once the voice on the other end began speaking, Greg rapidly fired off into the mobile what had happened tonight.

Greg was silent a few moments as the other person responded. When the other person finished speaking, Greg could not contain the annoyance in his voice. "What do you mean you knew about this Mycroft? When the bloody hell were you going to tell Sherlock that he was a Veela!"



There you go Freeway girl! Hope you enjoyed the first installment.



Hope all of you enjoyed it! Please leave a review if you did!


>