


So here we come to the last chapter of this story. I have enjoyed writing it SO much and I appreciate you all welcoming the idea of a Veela in this fandom. It is usually associated with Harry Potter although the mythology of Veela's have been around for a VERY long time, people just don't write about them. I myself find Veela's interesting to write about because you can do so much with them.


Anyways, thank you all so much for reading this story and I am SO glad that you have enjoyed it!


A HUGE thank you to Miz Joely
who has beta'd this and I think has helped me grow and develop as a writer. I have always loved to write and never cultivated patience as a writer to care very much for grammer. She has helped me so much with this and also helped me to delay my gratification for the the better of the story and also for the better enjoyoment of the reader I think.


And to Freeway girl,
who I have developed quite a wonderful friendship with, thanks in part to this site and also a shared devotion to benedict CUmberbatch( seriously, thanks to s shared love for him, I have met so many wonderful people who have enriched my life. I think if I ever met him, I would thank him for that and kiss him on his forehead, though he might think I am crazy or silly), anyways, happy birthday, evn though we have passed it. And just so you know, I ADORE YOU, my dearest little German friend! Love and hugs always Freeway Girl!


Oh and freeway girl, about the chapter,

Ich hoffe, es wird Ihnen gefallen!



To my dear readers, much love, respect, and adoration!



Sherlock carried Molly bridal style over the threshold of the hotel room. "I thought it was cute when Greg caught the bouquet and the garter," Molly said, smiling brightly.

"Cute is
not
the word I would use to describe it," Sherlock said, closing the door with his foot and carrying her to the bed.

"You're just angry the taxi driver didn't know who you were," she said, giggling. "Never even heard your name before."

"I'll have you screaming my name in a few moments, Mrs. Holmes," Sherlock said, smirking. He dropped her unceremoniously onto the bed. She hit the mattress with an "oof" and glared up at him.

"That was not very nice, Sherlock."

"What in the world would make you think that I cared anything about being nice? The Veela and I plan on being the complete opposite of
nice,
Molly." He climbed onto the bed and pressed her into the mattress with his body. "I should punish you for your behavior tonight at the reception. Dancing the way you were in front of all those people, in front of all those men. Rubbing and grinding against Mary like you were…" he growled, kissing her neck. "The only rubbing and grinding you ever need do is with me."

"We were only having fun, Sherlock. Girls love to dance together and get their men all hot and bothered."

"You're lucky I didn't throw you down on the floor and take you in front of all our guests. It would be no less than you deserved," he whispered hotly in her ear before taking her ear lobe in his mouth and biting gently. "And I would hope that John is punishing Mary at this moment…"

"Pounding the naughty out of her," Molly giggled using the Veela's own words.

Sherlock raised his head and looked down at her. A lecherous grin crossed his face. "Oh yes, pounding the naughty out…what a lovely idea Molly. I think I will pound the naughty out of you. Pound you so hard it will render your legs useless for the entire honeymoon."

Molly laughed lightly and put her arms around him, pulling his face down to hers for a soft kiss. "Before you pound me into oblivion…there is something that I want to do…something that I've wanted to do ever since I met you."

He smiled against her mouth. "And what is that, my sweet?"

"I want to know what the great Sherlock Holmes tastes like," she said biting his bottom lip before sucking it into her mouth.

Molly pulled back and watched as Sherlock's expression changed. His eyes dilated and became dark with desire. His breathing quickened along with his pulse and she could feel him begin to harden against her leg.

"Would you like that, Mr. Holmes?" she whispered against his mouth. "Would you like me to take you in my hot, wet, mouth?"

He didn't answer her, but allowed her to push him back by his shoulders and roll him onto his back. She climbed on top of him and sat back on his thighs. She unbuttoned his pants and unzipped them. "Up…" she said, patting him gently on his hip. He obeyed and helped her slide his pants and boxers over his hips.

His half-erect cock bounced free. She tested the waters, taking it in her hands and gently rubbing it. It hardened more and grew even larger. She released him and placed herself more comfortably over him, her body lying on top of his legs and her face directly beside her prize.

He propped himself up on his elbows so that he could watch her. She glanced at him and grinned. "You really do have a monstrous cock, you know," she said as she took him in her mouth.

He groaned and his head rolled back at the feel of her moist, hot mouth closing over him. She began with slow, lingering licks up and down his shaft. Her tongue circled the head and ran back down his length.

"Don't tease Molly…" he pleaded pitifully. "Please…more…"

"More what, Sherlock? You want me to do more than just lick? You want to feel my mouth around you? You want to fuck my mouth?"

"Oh God yes…" he moaned. "Please…"

"As you wish," she giggled, grasping his thick cock with both her hands, her fingers not quite touching around his girth. She engulfed him in her mouth again, sucking and licking simultaneously. He thrust his hips, trying to make her move in rhythm. She giggled, which was not easy to do with her mouth currently full of her husband.

Taking pity on him, she began to move her hands in rhythm with her mouth. His great length allowed her to use both her hands and mouth to pleasure him. She alternated between hard suction and gentler suction so that he would experience different sensations of pleasure. He moved his hips in time with her, mindful of his size so that he did not choke her or force her backward.

She released him from her mouth with a popping sound. He groaned pitiably and lifted himself up onto his elbows again to look down at her.

She chewed her bottom lip and gave him a wicked smile before taking his cock in her hands again. "Do you ever wonder just exactly how much of you I could swallow Sherlock? Shall we see?" she whispered huskily.

His eyes widened in shock and absolute bliss as he watched her. His entire body vibrated with his contented purring. She relaxed her body against his and suppressed her gag reflex. Slowly, inch by inch, she took him in her mouth. He stared in awe as little by little his cock disappeared, until she had swallowed nearly ten inches of him. She closed her lips around him and sucked.

His eyes rolled back into his head and he fell back against the mattress. She sucked him harder, humming, causing even more vibrations to course up and down his length. She moved her hands up and down his sides, chest and torso, dragging her nails over his skin. She pulled back with her mouth only to swallow him again.

He was undone…he thrust upward and came hard inside of her mouth. He cried out as another spurt of his hot seed poured into her mouth. She let it pool in her mouth and swallowed every drop. She released him and licked the head of his cock as a small amount of cum pooled from the tip. She placed a kiss tenderly on the head before gliding up his body. She stretched out over him, laying her head on his chest to listen to the beating of his heart.

"Did you enjoy that Sherlock?" she asked lazily.

Without warning she found herself flipped over onto her back with her husband staring hungrily down at her. "What do you think," he growled, crushing her lips with his.

When he finally allowed her to breathe, she gasped for air. "I forgot how quickly you tend to recover," she said breathlessly.

"Did you indeed? Well allow me to remind you, my love," he said before grasping her blouse and tearing it open.

"Sherlock, Mary bought me that blouse for my birthday!" Molly protested.

He laughed and ripped her bra in two, pulling it from her body. He removed her skirt and panties just as quickly before pulling his shirt over his head. He stared down at her. "Now what to do first? Should I eat you for hours or should I make love to you so long and hard that you won't be able to leave the bed for days…but since both would leave you a quivering, whimpering beautiful mess, I don't suppose it very much matters which I do first, does it?"

"Just remember that I don't recover as quickly as you do Sherlock," Molly reminded him, her eyes glazed with lust.

Sherlock grinned. "Should have thought about that before you did your little dance with Mary. You were very naughty, Molly…"

He placed his hand between her legs and pressed his index finger inside of her. He pulled it out and looked at the moisture that coated his finger. "If I didn't know better, Molly, I'd say you were a naughty girl on purpose," he said before licking his finger clean.

He covered her body with his and placed himself at her entrance. She wrapped her legs around him and cupped his cheek. "I do love you…so very much. I love you both so very much," she whispered.

"And we love you," Sherlock said before kissing her. "You are our hope Molly. Our heart, our life, our everything. The sun rises and sets with you."

Very slowly and gently he pushed into her while kissing her deeply. She relaxed her body, allowing him easier entrance into her tight core. He moved gently, inching further and further into her with each thrust.

She clung to him, her arms wrapped around his neck while her fingers entwined themselves in his hair. They moved together, slowly, tenderly, whispering words of love and devotion to one another. They would spend the next few days just like this, entwined with one another, Sherlock embedded within her, and Molly clinging to him as if he were her life force. Words of unfailing love would fall from their lips.

This was, after all, the beginning of the rest of their lives…

Fini...



Ah... tear comes to the eye...sad it's over, but all good things must come to an end! Again, thanks to you all!


>