

Chapter 9


Disclaimer: I don't own One Piece



A/N: TT^TT



Ace didn't care how long it took Luffy to completely recover from his wounds, it could take months, years even, and he would wait. But Luffy healed fast when coupled with meat so it was only natural for him to be bouncing around the walls of the ship by the end of the week.

For the fifth time that day, Ace found himself sighing in exasperation. "Luffy, sit
down
and let Law give you your medicine. Please."

"And listen to your brother." Law added with a scowl, too used to finding liquid dripping from his half emptied needle after his patient had yanked his arm away and jumped off to explore more parts of the ship.

"But I'm so boooorrred." Luffy complained, looking and sounding like he meant it. "I want to go on an adventure! Is there an island nearby? I wish Usopp were here, he'd find one for me."

Ace noticed Law jabbing the needle into Luffy's arm with a little more force than necessary. "Listen, tomorrow we can leave—"

Luffy interrupted with a cheer.

"—and I'll take you to Oyaji for a bit, let him know we're okay. After that, who knows?"

Grinning from ear to ear, Luffy flung himself around Ace's shoulders. "Can we see my crew? We got split apart a while back, but I'm sure they're all fine. They're probably worried."

Before Ace could respond, Law cut in. "Actually, the Dark King requested an audience with you, said it was urgent."

Luffy's eyes narrowed. "Is the Dark King supposed to be the Pirate King's enemy? Because it sounds evil."

Ace laughed. "Does everything have to revolve around the Pirate King with you? But I suppose they are related. Silvers Rayleigh also known as the Dark King is um…
his
Right Hand or best friend."

"Oh, okay. That guy, I know him." He turned to Law. "So, where am I supposed to meet him?"

Law shrugged. "Around."

"So helpful." Ace snorted, "Don't worry, when we see Oyaji I can ask him. He'll probably know."


{IX}


The next day, the two set off on Ace's Striker, slightly cramped in the boat only meant for one but Luffy cheerfully perched on the bow while Ace fueled the boat with his flames.

Luffy merrily gave each of Law's crewmembers a thank-you hug then proceeded to wave them goodbye until the submarine was a mere speck on the horizon, sharing a few quick words with Law before departing. Ace had listened in on their conversation and caught the words "join", "crew", "please", and "no way in Hell".

When the sun was hanging directly over them, they landed on a small island to collect food (which would probably disappear within the next few hours unless hidden but there was no place to store anything on the Striker) then set off again after asking around for sightings of the Moby Dick.

It took three days to locate it and by then, Luffy was draped over the sail, moaning at how bored he was with Ace expertly filtering out his complaints after years of practice.

"Hey look, Ace's back!" Came an excited shout from over the side. Already, a large swarm of people was waiting for him. His boat had must have been sighted from a few miles away.

With a jolt, Luffy sat up and immediately stretched his arms up to grab the railing and launch himself upwards. "Ace! You have a big crew!" He called, sending down an arm to snatch up his brother and pull him aboard.

"Yes, well you've already seen all of them. At Marineford, right?" Ace rolled his eyes, accepting slaps on his back and hugs from his shipmates.

"Mmm." Luffy hummed thoughtfully. "But they were all over the place and here they're all together and there's just so much people!"

Ace laughed. "And this everyone, is Luffy, my little bro'".

"Nice to meet you!" Luffy grinned, eyes roving the crowd and landing on a mop of spiky blond hair. "Ace! Ace! It's a pineapple! I'm hungry!"

There was an angry shout from the "pineapple" but Ace ignored it with another laugh. "Luffy that's Marco and no matter how delicious his hair might look, it's not edible."

Luffy sighed dramatically. "Wish Sanji were here. He can make food out of anything."

Ace punched his brother lightly on the shoulder. "Come on, I'll take you to see Oyaji." Slowly, he navigated through the throng of bodies, weaving in and out until they came to a halt in front of Whitebeard's large chair at the center of the ship.

"Hey, Oyaji. I'm home." Ace greeted with a wave.

Whitebeard grunted. "I can see, and I trust your brother is fully healed?"

A giggle escaped Luffy's lips and Ace glared. "Well he can't sit long enough to down his entire dose, but it works. And he's got a nasty scar but it's better than being dead."

"Ace thinks you might know where Rayleigh is." Luffy interjected excitedly. "You know, he's really old with shaggy white hair and this cool cape and glasses."

"I know who he is." Whitebeard rumbled, looking slightly amused. "We were rivals back in my day, still are. The last I heard of him he had disappeared off in Sabaody."

"Oh, well I already saw him there." Luffy rambled, "I don't think he's there anymore, maybe I should check Amazon Lily."

Quirking an eyebrow, Ace asked, "Why would he be there?"

"I have a feeling." Luffy shrugged but wouldn't elaborate.

"Gurarara!" Whitebeard laughed, "You are a lot like someone I know. Though I'll admit I don't like him very much. Why don't you stay for a while before leaving for Amazon Lily? I'm sure my crew would enjoy your company."

"Sure!" Luffy chirped. "Thanks Jiji!"

Suddenly, Marco materialized to Whitebeard's right, red and fuming. "Hey! Who do you think you are? Disrespecting Oyaji like that!"

"What? He's Jiji and you're Pineapple. It's easier to say than your real names."

"Who's a pineapple you little brat?"

"I dunno, not me or Ace or Jiji! But there's one right in front of me!"

"Oh yeah?" Marco stepped off to the side so he was no longer standing in front of Luffy. "Who's the pineapple now?"

Ace shook his head. "You know you just admitted that you're a pineapple by stepping away."

"What?" Marco squawked indignantly. "I did not!"

"Did too." Ace automatically countered, accompanied by a snicker from Luffy.

"Did not!"

"Did too."

"Did—"

Whitebeard ended the quarrel with an annoyed glare, effectively silencing them all.


{IX}


After dinner with the Whitebeard crew, Luffy settled down in the spare cabin they had lent him. He snuggled within the covers and squeezed his eyes tightly shut with a smile.

Everything was so similar yet so different all at once—recuperating on Torao-guy's submarine, the talk with Rayleigh, and then
Ace
. Alive and well. The thought brought another grin to his face, one that wouldn't go away. He only regretted not being able to spend more time with Hancock and the others. Maybe he would pay them a visit when he met up with Rayleigh.

But first came training his Haki and sending word to his mates that they would meet in two years time.

With a contented sigh, Luffy fell into a dreamless sleep.



Ayz283:
I enjoyed reading your review! And thanks for the great idea; as you can see I wormed the crew into this chapter. But I still want to stick with Rayleigh. Hope you liked the chapter!


Sevvus
: Y^Y thank you! I think I'm crying right now, you're so kind.


caring16
: I praise your hiding skills, but you will never be able to escape my sight! Mwahahahahaha!

… that is weird.

Lol, you guys probably don't even remember what you said in your reviews anymore; it's been so long. Sorry.



A/N:
Hello, my muse is finally returning after hours of laboring schoolwork. And now summer! But stupid camps. Whatever, I'll see you in a bit!


HEY HEY!
- that was to catch your attention. One more thing. I've got a new story called The Devil Slaves (I'm sure you might be able to get what it's about just by the title). And I was wondering if you guys want me to post the first chapter, y'know, to make up for the large gap between updates. If you do, just say so and I'll post it!



Don't forget to review!


>