

The Christmas celebration was over and the orphans were placed in homes throughout Los Angeles County. Ornaments and garland were packed in cardboard boxes that sat atop of the ratty old couch in the basement of the Club Creole. Mike Donovan wound gold garland around in a circle and placed it inside of a box. A pair of female freedom fighters, Robin Maxwell, and Juliet Parrish, emerged from the women's sleeping area. With dark circles around her eyes, Julie looked as though she'd seen better days. Donovan knew she was upset at being displaced from her apartment, in the wake of her exposure as a resistance member by Nathan Bates' henchmen. During Los Angeles' open city agreement, Julie had kept none of her personal belongings at the Club Creole. Now forced to go underground, she didn't have a change of clothes or the personal hygiene stuff she used daily.

Donovan took pity on her depressed state and wanted to help. He lifted a box from the couch and carried it over to the stairway that led to the alley.

"Julie, why don't we go for a ride?" he asked.

"You think it's safe?" she said, sounding as though she doubted it herself.

"You're always safe with me." He flashed his best knowing grin. But Julie didn't smile back at him. In fact, her eyes brimmed with tears.

He pulled her into his arms, but she kept her arms down at her side and was tense at his touch.

"Aw, c'mon. Everything's going to be okay," he tried to reassure her.

It was Robin who gave him the smile, and not Julie.

"She's just worried, Mike," Robin said.

Julie backed away out of Donovan's reach and he let go of her.

He tried to play off his concern for the questionable status of their relationship. "You don't want to go underground, huh?"

"I need my things," she huffed.

"Well, let's go get them?"

"You don't think Bates is having my apartment staked out?"

"I'll take care of it." He winked.

"Are you going to bring some friends along to help?"

"No, I thought maybe we could go alone. Just the two of us."

"That actually sounds romantic," Robin remarked.

Donovan couldn't tell whether the girl was being sarcastic, but the look on Julie's face said she didn't share Robin's point of view.

"I'm serious," he told Julie.

"We'll arm ourselves in case there's anyone there."

She shrugged her shoulders. "I guess."

"I'll let Ham know we're going." He headed toward the men's sleeping area.

The Fixer (Ham Tyler) was seated on a cot cleaning an array of shiny daggers with a cloth.

Chris Faber, who'd recently rejoined the resistance, was setting up a cot adjacent to Ham's.

"I'm taking Julie to get her things," Donovan announced, not that he was looking for permission, but felt the need to inform Ham of his intentions, just in case…

"You'll need backup," Chris said.

"We'll be fine."

"You're taking Julie to get her things, or wanting some one on one time with her?" Ham cracked a grin.

"A little of both." Donovan stuffed a Colt .45 into his holster, and tucked a laser pistol under his leather vest.

"How you two doin'?" Chris asked.

"Dunno… yet."

>