



I do not own PJatO or HoO! This is in regards for the whole story and any sequels that may or may not come into being.




The Destroyer of Olympus



Chapter One



Percy PoV



Earlier


The days following the end of the Second Giant War were the worst of my life. My Wise Girl was becoming more and more distant and I didn't know why, the rest of the seven started to avoid and ignore me, and all the campers were giving me nasty looks. I had no idea why any of this was happening, and when I asked somebody, they just scoffed and walked away. The only people still talking to me were my cousins, Thalia and Nico, who had been away from camp due to their duties.

The day before the reward ceremony for the Heroes of Olympus was by far the worst. It started with Thalia marching up to me and punching me in the gut as I was trying to greet her with a goofy grin. Following the punch, was a kick to the ground and a glob of spit to the face.

"WHAT THE HADES, THALIA?!" I roared at my cousin. Her face was red and morphed with unmatched fury and a glare that would send the Primordial, Tartarus, crying for his mommy. Her fists were clenched in anger and a vein right above her left eyebrow was jutting out. Behind her were Nico, Jason, Piper, Annabeth, Hazel, Frank, Leo, Chiron, the cabin leaders, Hades, and the Olympians, all of whom were wearing an equally angry glare, save Annabeth, whose face held a triumphant smirk on it.

"WHAT THE HADES?! WHAT THE HADES?! AFTER WHAT YOU'VE DONE, YOU HAVE THE NERVE TO ASK 'WHAT THE HADES?!' AS IF YOU'VE DONE NOTHING WRONG!?" she screeched back. I look at her in genuine confusion and curiosity, wondering if just maybe, my cousin lost her mind. When I didn't immediately answer, she proceeded to shoot a lightning bolt at me, hitting me in my chest, sending me flying back into a nearby tree.

I was starting to get mad for being treated like this without reason, and when I was about to say just that, Leo sent a blast of fire right at my feet, causing me to jump back and yelp in surprise. Just as I prepared to blast Leo with cold water, a right hook smashed into my eye, making me fall to the ground. When I looked up, Poseidon, my own father, was glaring at me seething.

"You dare not take your punishment for what you've done? You try to fight back? You make me sick. I can't believe I once considered you my son." He finished storming off towards the beach. I just stared at his retreating form in shock, wondering what the Hades was happening.

"If you're wondering what's happening, then, this is payback for cheating on my daughter." Athena said, stabbing me in the thigh with her spear, while everyone else just watched as if I deserved it.

"Why are you all attacking me? What have I done wrong other than save you time and time again? And what do you mean cheating on your daughter; I would never cheat on Annabeth!" I spluttered. I turned toward Annabeth, expecting her to stop and correct her mother, only to see her in the arms of Joseph, the newest son of Poseidon, with fake tears in her eyes, and a smirk at the corner of her mouth. "Annabeth, what the Hades are they talking about, we both know that I haven't cheated on you, and why are you in Joseph's arms? Are you cheating on me?" I finished with a growing amount of rage in my chest. Just as I got the last word out, a powerful kick to my chest sent me flying to the ground, again. I looked up and saw Malcolm standing there with burning gray orbs and a malicious snarl, marring his face.

"How dare you speak to her? How dare you even LOOK at her? You aren't even worthy enough to say her name. And why would you accuse her of cheating on you, when it was, in fact, you, who cheated on her?" He snarled at me, looking at my face with unmasked disgust.

"What are you talking about? I would never cheat on Annabeth! For gods' sake my fatal flaw is loyalty! I'm physically and emotionally incapable of cheating on her!" I shouted, really angry and hurt that anyone would even believe for a second that I would cheat on Annabeth.

"SHUT UP! We all know what you did Percy!" Piper sneered.

"Yeah, and start taking this justified punishment like a man, Percy!" Hazel shouted.

"I used to look up to you Percy, but you're just weak. I don't know why I ever respected you in the first place!" Frank added.

"ENOUGH!" Zeus thundered. "Brother, are you ready to escort Percy to Tartarus for being Gaia's spy in the war?" He questioned, looking at Hades, who was staring at Percy in something that appeared to be sympathy.

"No, as I said before, I don't believe Perseus here was a spy for Gaia, nor do I believe that he cheated on Annabeth there, by the looks of his reaction, I'd say he's genuinely surprised by all of this." Hades replied simply.

"Grr, fine, I'll do it myself." Zeus stated, while grabbing his master bolt and pointing it at yours truly. "Any last words, boy?"

For a minute I just had my mouth gaping in shock, but once I got over it, I said some words that I knew I meant, "Thank you, Hades, I promise, I will remember your kindness in the future. I will not join in the coming war. You will regret doing this to me. I promise you all, that I will have my revenge. You all know my fatal flaw is loyalty, yet you accuse me of things like this? Well, now I suppose, my loyalty doesn't belong to any of you anymore, other than Hades and Hestia. So I hereby swear on the River Styx, to force each and every immortal present, save Hades and Hestia, to fade. I will have my revenge, and it will be sweet. As for my former friends I swear on the River Styx that you will regret this. You may throw me in Tartarus, but I assure you, when you need me to help save your asses again, I won't be there, and I won't help you. I will join the enemies in the coming war and I will bring every ally I have with me. I will destroy Olympus. Of that, you can be certain." I finished spitting on the ground at Zeus' feet. Everyone paled at my words, but Zeus proceeded to blast me with his master bolt, causing an intense burning sensation, then complete, and utter, darkness…


(Line Break)



Now


Sadness. Betrayal. Anger. Hatred. Hurt. These were the emotions I had as I was hit by Zeus' favorite toy, sending me to Tartarus… To my new home.

After five agonizing minutes, I managed to get up from my spot on the cold, hard ground of Tartarus. As I open my eyes, I can't believe what I see.


(Line Break)



Nico PoV


I can't believe Percy was a traitor. I can't believe he'd cheat on Annabeth, either. He loved her! This makes no sense. These were the thoughts going through my head after Zeus threw his giant firecracker.

We were all rattled by Percy's speech, and scared. Scared because we knew he meant every word he said. Scared because we knew he was now our enemy. Scared because we didn't know the limits of his power. And scared because we didn't know what he meant about another war.

The fact that he swore revenge on the Styx was bad enough. But the tone, his tone scared everybody. Well, everybody except Hades and Hestia. They both knew this would happen. They both knew how he would react. They both expected it. And for good reason.

"C'mon guys, he can't do anything while he's in Tartarus. He's gone! The spy is gone! Let's celebrate!" Annabeth exclaimed after pecking Joseph on the lips. We all stared at her like she was insane. This is completely possible, considering she wasn't worried one bit about what Percy would do when he got out of the pit. Emphasis on when.

"Uh, yeah, let's go have a party or something to celebrate the end of the war." Apollo said a little skittish. A feeling reflected on every sane person present.

"Yes. That is a great idea, Annabeth. Let us all go to Olympus for a party." Zeus added. Everybody jumped out of their stupor and started supporting the idea. "Alright, all mortals close your eyes, unless you want to be incinerated."

We all closed our eyes and the next thing we knew, we were in the Olympian throne room, wearing party hats and listening to loud music, dancing along. I frowned; I'm going to have to speak to my father soon about what he meant. I was brought out of my thoughts by an insane, but still normal, Travis shouting, "PAR-TAY!" Thus, beginning the official post-war celebration.

>