



Disclaimer: Percy Jackson and the Olympians along with Heroes of Olympus do not belong to me.




A/N: Sorry for not posting in a while, but I'm going to be taking a break from writing for a while. Three members of my extended family have died in the past two months, and that's really upset me. I'm also really busy applying for various colleges and am working all at the same time. My schedule has been jam-packed with things to do, and I no longer have any time to write. THIS DOES NOT MEAN I AM ABANDONING MY STORIES! It simply means it will take me more time than it usually does to write and post chapters. I wish you all the best of luck with your endeavors and I am truly sorry about this. On the bright side, though, here's another chapter.



The Destroyer of Olympus



Chapter Fifteen



Previously


"
What should we do, then?" Gaia asked, speaking for the first time since the meeting began.


"
Nothing, for now," Tartarus answered, leaving them all in a pensive silence.



Now



Olympus


"WHAT DO YOU MEAN ARTEMIS HAS BEEN CAPTURED?!" Zeus roared in rage, standing from his throne and gripping his Master Bolt so hard his knuckles turned white.

"We mean Artemis has been captured, why is that so hard to understand?" Aether asked, bored and annoyed that Zeus didn't understand his simple statement and that the God of the Skies had dared to yell at him.
Him
. A Primordial God, the Primordial God of Light and Upper Atmosphere to be more precise, one of the strongest beings in existence.

"How was she captured?" Hera asked, worried. While she may have never liked Artemis due to her being Zeus' illegitimate child that does not mean that she isn't worried. Granted, she is not worried about Artemis, so much as she is worried that one of Olympus' most skilled fighters was captured by their enemies.

"She foolishly challenged Perseus after he ambushed her Hunt with fifty monsters," Hemera spoke serenely. The Olympians all gasped upon hearing the news. They all had children in Hunt. Just as they were about to shout, Hemera continued, "As far as we are aware, though, they are relatively unharmed. We believe they are merely being held captive by our enemies in Tartarus."

The Olympians paled in unison. "Help us! Our children are trapped in Tartarus! We must save them!" Demeter shouted, she had the most daughters in the Hunt out of everyone present.

"We," Pontus began, gesturing towards himself and his fellow Primordials, "are not allowed to enter Tartarus' domain without an invitation. Much like you, we need permission to enter each other's domains. However," he paused before continuing. "That does not mean that our champions cannot go down to Tartarus and rescue Artemis and her Hunt."

The Olympians seemed to ponder the idea, rolling it over in their heads, trying to see the disadvantage. They knew they would be risking a lot by sending the Primordials' champions into Tartarus, but it was vital that they recover Artemis and her Hunt, not only so their children would be safe, but also because they were some of the best fighters in the Olympian forces.

"And," Pontus began again, deciding to throw them a bone, "if they run into Perseus and kill him, then all the better. Our enemy would be without a key player and we would have the entire Hunt back along with Artemis. It's a win-win. As long as they actually
beat
Perseus, that is," he added as an afterthought.

That brought the Olympians out of their thoughts, "What do you mean 'as long as they actually
beat
Perseus'? You said it yourselves, why
wouldn't
they be able to beat him?" Apollo asked.

"Well, keep in mind that, as far as we know, he's been their champion for over twenty years. That's over twenty years more practice with his blessed abilities than our own champions have had. Not to mention that he is by far the most skilled swordsman we have seen in our very long existence," Pontus replied.

"Well, what are their odds of beating him?" Hephaestus asked, worried.

"Well, individually, they have about a one in ten chance of beating him," Ananke said, doing the odds in her head. "But together, the odds increase to about a six in ten chance of beating him. So, for those of you who don't know how to do math," she looked pointedly at Zeus, who didn't see her look at him, "they're more likely to beat him than they are to lose to him."

"What if he has his two companions with him, those two spawns of Hades?" Zeus questioned.

"If that's the case," Ananke replied, "then the odds of them succeeding go down to a ten percent chance of success."

"You did that math wrong," Athena spoke up, smug that she had outsmarted a Primordial over something as insignificant as math.

Ananke face palmed. "No, I didn't, I took into account their ability to control the dead as well as the blessings they more than likely received from Gaia, Chronos, Tartarus, Erebus, and Nyx," she said, exasperated.

"Oh," Athena said, her smug look evolving into a flustered look, due to the fact that she had not thought of that.


Well,
she thought bitterly,
just goes to show you to never try to compete with a Primordial Goddess. You'll always lose.


"We're getting off topic," Hydros spoke, "now that you mention it, the odds are that Perseus will have at least one of his companions or, more likely, a couple monsters following his everywhere, regardless of him being in the Pit, where it is safest for him. I highly doubt our dear family members would leave their champion unprotected, despite his being almost as powerful as a Primordial God with all the blessings he has. What we need to do, is find a way to separate him from his companions or the monsters so our champions can defeat him."

"What do you suggest?" Athena asked, no longer flustered over being outsmarted.

"Well," Thalassa began, already having a plan, "we could always…"


(Line Break)



Meanwhile…



Tartarus' Citadel


"You'd think they'd realize by now that by saying our names, we can hear what they are talking about," Chronos said.

"You'd think so, but, then again, they were never the smartest of us all. Aether in particular has always been an idiot. No offense, Nyx," Tartarus added quickly, hoping to avoid Nyx's wrath for insulting her son. Despite Hemera and he being on the opposite side of the war, Nyx still loved her children dearly. Lucky for Tartarus, his after remark managed to prevent Nyx from going on a tirade about insulting her children, despite them being idiots for siding with their parents' enemies.

"So," Nyx began, calmly, "who wants to tell Perseus that they are sending their champions to kill him and free Artemis and her Hunt."

"Not me, did you see his face when we last summoned him? He looked royally pissed off. I wonder why," Erebus mused.

"Well, seeing as we're in
my
Citadel, I know exactly why. And trust me, he had a good reason to be mad with use," Tartarus responded, shivering as he remembered the rage he had seen in Percy's eyes at being interrupted.

"Why was he mad, then?" Chronos asked, genuinely curious as to why them summoning Percy had pissed him off so much.

"He was about to get it on with his girlfriend, and our summons interrupted him just as they were about to get started," Tartarus remarked. The other Primordials mouths moved into an 'o' position, as they finally understood why he was so mad at them.

"Well," Erebus said, breaking the silence, "might as well send for him now before he and Bianca get started again."

The other Primordials nodded in agreement, save Tartarus, who was looking worried.


(Line Break)



Percy's Room


Percy and Bianca were having an intense make out session that was about to turn into more when they were interrupted by the same Cyclops that interrupted them yesterday. Percy looked over at the Cyclops, rage burning in his eyes and snarled, "What now?!"

The Cyclops began to stutter in fear, "T-t-the M-Masters w-wish to s-see you, m-my Lord."

Percy roared in rage, grabbed the sharpest object near him, which just so happened to be his sword, and threw it at the Cyclops, running it through. The sword then absorbed the monsters essence, leaving behind nothing in the place it had just been. He then kissed Bianca softly, got up, and stormed out of the room, raging the entire time.


(Line Break)



Tartarus' Citadel


Upon sensing the death of the Cyclops, Tartarus covered his face with his hands, he had had a bad feeling about summoning Perseus at that exact moment. Now he and his siblings were going to have to face the consequences. Normally, since Percy was only a demigod, he wouldn't be so terrified, but he knew that when Percy was really pissed off, he could defeat a Primordial with ease.


(Line Break)



Hallway Leading To Throne Room


Percy was storming down the hallway with a vengeance, severely pissed off at being summoned. Normally, he would be fine with being summoned, but the fact that they had summoned him when he and Bianca were about to spend some, err,
quality
, time together, for the
second
time in two days, well, that just made him mad.
Really
mad. So here he was now, fuming and preparing a rant for his meeting with the Primordials. He was so deep in forming his rant, he was unaware of the glowing purple aura surrounding him. If the look of rage on his face hadn't sent the nearby monsters running, then the aura he was emitting sure as hell did. Every monster in the Pit knew of the aura he was sending out. It was the exact same aura Tartarus had when he was
really
pissed off about something.

>