

Disclaimer: I don't own Pokemon, but it's fun to play!

Author's Note: It is weird that Pokemon lick each other right? It's not just me?


The two trainers faced off, their accidental meeting of eyes interpreted as a challenge. Somehow. "Pikachu!" yelled the first trainer. "I choose you!"

The other trainer smirked. "Let's go! Lickitung!"

The two Pokemon faced off and prepared to fight. The Pikachu's trainer yelled "Pikachu use Thundershock!" The Pikachu leapt forward and growled to the heavens, calling a large lightning bolt to strike down, leaving a slightly charred Lickitung.

"C'mon Lickitung get up!" cried the trainer. The Lickitung staggered to it's feet. "Use Attract!" The Lickitung struck a pose and fluttered his eyebrows at the Pikachu. Which was male. Which Pikachu did not appreciate and actually found rather creepy. He was so disturbed that he didn't react as his trainer yelled orders. This of course led the other trainer to believe the move had worked. "Lickitung, use wrap!" The Lickitung sprinted at Pikachu, arms outstretched as if for a hug. Pikachu, rather frightened by what appeared to him to be a mentally disturbed Lickitung with an unhealthy attraction for him, ran. This gave the trainers the rather unusual experience of seeing a Lickitung chase a Pikachu around in circles. The Lickitung's trainer finally became tired of the scene and yelled "Lickitung, use Lick!" The Pikachu looked over his shoulder just in time to see the Lickitung's massive tongue snake out of its mouth and begin to come towards him. The Pikachu attempted to run faster, but the tongue was too fast and began to lick up and down Pikachu's body. The Pikachu gave as close to a scream as is possible for an electric mouse can give, and used Quick Attack to escape, sprinting off into the forest at high speed.

The Pikachu's trainer watched slack-jawed as his Pokemon ran away, never to be seen again. He started as the other trainer spoke. "I guess I win. I'll just take my money now." The trainer looked up to see a fist impact his face. He dropped to the ground and blacked out. The Lickitung's trainer dug through his pockets, finding a phone and a wad of cash. "Let's see here, that'll be 1000 poke, and I'll take your number, sure." He stood up and dusted off his shorts. "Come on Lickitung, let's go find another trainer to con." The Lickitung went back in his Pokeball, and the trainer went on his journey, taking names and mentally scarring Pokemon.


Thanks for reading and please review!

>