


A/N: Pretty sure this isn't the best thing I've written… But I like it. So… I hope you do too.




To: KalosTrainer13, speaker of babble, Ghibli Ninja, FinalTruth, KingOgnik, Guest, TTY7, Fireminer, pinta575, , wackowriter, Seven Squares, and Chazaq



Thanks for going out there and leaving me a review/following and/or favoriting me or


Operation Orange


.




Special thanks to Ghibli Ninja, Fireminer, Guest(s? I don't know; was it several people using the name Guest or just one individual? Either way), KingOgnik, renielle14, and TTY7 for being such faithful reviewers. Couldn't have done it without you guys.




There's an important poll that I'd really appreciate if you guys took a look at. It's on my profile page. Thanks!



Chapter 12: Re; Infinity


Alexei, amused by the turn of events, buttered his toast as he listened in on the public chastising Sayoko was giving the two vigilantes of the family.

"Master Lelouch, Miss C2, it is of paramount importance for you to realize that it is dangerous to be out and about at night, especially on an evening where bandits and criminals are lurking, scavenging through the carnage of the flood. Even when the water level had gone down sufficiently, you still didn't come in. It made me very upset and worried, and-Please let me do this, Jeremiah."

Her husband clamped his mouth shut, immediately shrinking in his seat. Though he was a strong, intelligent individual, he was no match for an indignant Sayoko. And thus, she continued her motherly lecture.

"However, that was not the only issue. Upon returning home, you proceeded to interrupt the peace by continuously causing a loud disturbance all through the rest of the night. Master Lelouch, Miss C2, I realize that you have had many experiences that the common man wouldn't, and that you have matured in various ways that even I have not, but it is imperative that you realize how inappropriate…"

As she continued to scold them, Lelouch switched to the auto-pilot mode that had once been exclusively reserved for school and allowed for his thoughts to wander back to the events of the previous evening.


"Lelouch."



Her muffled whisper tickled him as she buried her head into his nape. As he walked down the moonlit path, her shoes dangling from each hand and the woman he loved on his back, he quietly asked, "What is it, C2?"



"I don't want you to call me by 'C2' anymore."



He nearly slowed to a stop as she murmured, "Why don't you call me by my name? The name that you think is so pretty…"



"… Are you sure?"



"I think… I think if it's you, it'll be okay."



He was silent, and his pace was much more slower than before.



"What is it? Do you not want to?"



Yet, he made no response. Frowning, she was about to tug on the damp strands of his hair to demand for an answer, when she heard a soft, "I love you, Cecaniah."



Smiling, she rested her chin on his shoulder and replied, "I love you, Lelouch."



And then, she bit his earlobe.



Hissing in pain and surprise, he demanded, "What was that for?"



"For not answering me quickly enough."



"You could have just used your words, instead of your teeth," he grumbled. "What do you have a tongue for if you don't use it to speak?"



"Why don't you find out?"



Under the light of the moon, she saw the tips of his ears redden, and she giggled.



"I'm just kidding, Lelouch. You take things too seriously. You should learn to loosen up. You'll enjoy life more that way."



"It's not my fault," he said, clearly frustrated. "Whenever I think you're joking, you're serious, and whenever I think you're being serious, you're joking. I still can't figure you out, no matter how hard I try."



"Well, keep on trying. Keep on trying, until the sun sets for the last time, and then try some more. You and I have all the time in the world."



"That we do… My witch."



"My warlock."


Hmmm… If he were to all of sudden refer to C.C. by her true name, then it would more than likely cause confusion and chaos. It would be better, he decided, if he started off by using her real name only when it was the two of them. He was unused to the manner, and she undoubtedly also would be. And if they were confused, then the rest of the family would indubitably be confused and unused to it as well (hell, they didn't even know what her real name was). For everyone's sake, he would call her by her real name only when they were alone. For the time being. Once they both became accustomed to it, then they would move on, while also publicizing their love liaison. Lelouch didn't particularly want to announce the change in their relationship. He hated to call attention to it, as it would more than likely be embarrassing, and-

"Lelouch will tell you."

"What?" Snapping out of his frenzied train of thought, he blinked before turning to stare at the woman besides him who was busy nibbling on a slice of pizza.

"You're going to tell Sayoko why we were out so late last night."

"I… No, I'm not."

"Yes, you are. Tell them."

"No," he insisted, "I'm not. I thought we agreed on this, C2."

"Agreed on what?" suspiciously questioned Jeremiah.

"You're not doing anything dangerous, are you?" worriedly asked Sayoko. She would have said illegal, but considering that Master Lelouch had once been what was technically considered a terrorist, it seemed a little… Well, it seemed a little
silly
.

"No, we're not, Sayoko. C2, I'm not-"

"Then I will."

"N-"

"Lelouch is in love with me. He told me yesterday, and now he's courting me."

Lelouch wanted nothing more than to disappear off the face of the planet. Cheeks burning with embarrassment, he angrily frowned; he didn't disagree with the way she had announced the news (they weren't even supposed to tell them today!) as it made the relationship seem one-sided. He promptly told her what he thought of her approach.

"I gave you the opportunity to say it in your own words," she calmly countered. "And you didn't take it. So I did."

"C2, we agreed that we wouldn't say anything until a month had pas-"

"Wait a month to kiss you in public? I don't think so."

"Ki- Why would you want to do that in public?"

The rest of the family, who had been stunned into silence, suddenly burst into life at the sound of the word 'kiss'. Sayoko, smiling, congratulated the couple alongside Alexei. Jeremiah, his hands set up into a steeple, gravely instructed the witch to treat Master Lelouch with the utmost care and respect. The only quiet person was Anya, as she was feeding Guinevere a tiny bite of banana, but she was also smiling her quiet approval.

"It's not as if we're getting married; it's unnecessary to make such a big fuss. In fact, this is exactly what I wanted to avoid. I…"

The words died in his throat as his girlfriend sidled up to him.

"Why not? Why don't we get married?"

If it were even possible, the raven-haired man blushed a darker shade of pink before arguing that they had only just begun the earliest stages of a long-term relationship, so how could they possibly think about marriage?

C.C., adopting an over-the-top pout, whimpered, "You don't want to marry me? Ever?"

"C2, it's not that I don't," he sighed, "it's-"

"So you do. I want to too. So I don't see why we can't get married right now. In fact, let's go to the chapel right now and-"

"Absolutely not," he thundered.

"But you said that you wanted to get married. Why do you keep going back and forth?"

As their bickering picked up once again, Alexei leaned closer to his sister and asked, "Is this what you meant by C2 and Lelouch constantly fighting with each other?"

"After observing them closely for two years, I've concluded that their fighting is their flirting."

"Ah. That may actually be the truth, Anya."

She nodded, confident that it was, before handing him a jar and asking, "Can you open this for me?"

"Anything for you," he eagerly replied. "Do you also want me to put the strawberry preserve on your toast for you? I can if you want."

She shook her head no before saying that he could instead help her with her homework later in the day, as there was a math problem that had been troubling her ever since the day before.

C.C., who had noticed the exchange between siblings, remarked, "Operation Orange is a success. All thanks to the work I did."

Scoffing his disbelief, the warlock replied, "The work you did? Like what? Eating pizza?"

For the third time, the couple exploded into another round of bickering.

"They're so spirited," smiled Sayoko.

"Who?"

"Master Lelouch and Mistress C2, of course. It somewhat reminds me of us."

Jeremiah shook his head, swallowing his scrambled eggs, before replying, "We were more physical in the way that we often had sparring matches. Master Lelouch and Mistress C2 are waging a battle of wits right now."

"Ah, how true… Oh, Jeremiah, you have to be more careful with the jam. You'll get the harvesting equipment all sticky again…"

And thus, another normal day began for the large patchwork but all-the-same-content family.

. . .

"Hey."

"What is it?"

Hopping off of the counter, C.C. snuck up behind the raven-haired man before saying, "Want to hear something interesting?"

"I'd rather you help me wash the dishes."

"Since I'm nice, I'll tell you anyways," she declared, completely ignoring his reply. Pulling him down so that his ear and his ear only would be privy to her words, she whispered, "When Sayoko was lecturing us on last night, when she said we needed to be quieter, I thought she meant…"

As she murmured the rest of the secret to him, Lelouch's eyes widened as the tips of his ears reddened. Immediately straightening up, he angrily said, "C2!"

"What? Don't tell me you didn't think it too. I know you did."

"I did
not
."

"Oh, really? Hmmm, that's interesting…"

"No, stop, I'm- I'm trying to do the dis-"

As she teasingly purred into his ear again, he blushed violently before rejecting her advances with a cross, "No, we're not going to do that. We're not- Leave me alone."

C.C. laughed. Oh, he was so naïve and innocent when it came to some things. It was too cute. Much too cute. She'd enjoy teaching him about the naughty side of romance.

. . .

As Sayoko watched her daughter spread her homework out onto the kitchen table, she sighed, "It's a shame her Majesty had to change her schedule last-minute to attend Lady Kaguya's birthday gala."

"By her Majesty, do you mean Nunnally?" Alexei looked up from the complicated math problem, his interest piqued. Nunnally was supposed to have come here?

"She was supposed to come visit for vacation with Anya, but at the last minute, she had to go to Japan for Lady Kaguya's social occasion. She did promise to come next year, however, but… Anya was so excited. It's such a shame…"

"Hmmm… Well, I don't know about that, Anya, but if you'd like, we can go horseback riding. I discovered this fantastic trail through the woods, and I really think you would enjoy it. At one point, there's a small lake, and-"

The trio all started as
Jeremiah came crashing in through the window
. What-

As the cyborg bolted into the kitchen, the door opened with a bang before Anya heard a familiar voice crow, "Good morning everyone!"

"Gino?"

"Anya! It's been such a long time!"

"What are you doing here?"

Setting down his bags, he rushed to the young girl and shook her hand vigorously, all the while telling her, "Well, I wanted to visit you before summer vacation ended, so I tracked you down with the address on the letters you wrote me. I didn't tell you ahead of time because I wanted it to be an early birthday surprise."

"My birthday's in October."

"That's why I said early. Look, Kallen's here too! She wanted to visit you too, so we came together!"

Sure enough, the fiery redhead stepped into the cottage (but in a more calmer and quieter manner). Smiling apologetically, she said, "Ah, this was all Gino's idea, Anya. I would have sent word ahead of time and actually
ask for permission
. I'm so sorry, Sayoko, for being so inconsiderate. It's just so hard to control Gino and his impulses."

"Not at all, Miss Kallen. It's nice to see you and Mr. Weinberg. It's been some time since we last saw each other. Is your mother feeling better?"

"A lot, yeah. Britannian medicine is so advanced, it's really helped her out."

"That's wonderful news. And I presume you'll be going to college once this school year begins?"

"With Gino, yeah, but…"

Kallen could only hopelessly watch as she watched her boyfriend nearly flattened the strange boy she had never seen before- Who was he?

"Hey there! I'm Gino Weinberg, a close friend of Anya's! Are you a friend of hers too?"

"Alexei Aleksandrovich. I'm her brother, actually."

"Her brother? Oh, yeah, I can see it. You guys look so similar… It's kind of weird. Anya, why didn't you tell me you had a brother?"

"Ah, well, it's a long story," replied Alexei.

"I've got the time," quickly answered the blonde. Sitting down, he pulled out the chair besides him and asked, "Why don't you sit down and tell me?"

As the two began to talk, Kallen asked the mother hen, "That reminds me. Why did Jeremiah jump through the window?"

"Well… That is also a long story," slowly replied she. Kallen seemed to think for a second before shrugging, "I don't really want to know. But I'll peel some fruit for everyone. The fruit's in the kitchen, right?"

"Miss Kallen!"

Oh dear, oh dear, oh dear. She was walking into the direction of the kitchen, the kitchen where Master Lelouch was. If Miss Kallen were to go in and see him, oh dear, everything,
everything
would be ruined and have been for naught. She had think of a distraction, something to buy some time to-

"You don't have to address me with 'Miss', Sayoko, I'm not your-"

"Guinevere!"

She was cut off with a high pitched shriek as she tripped over a white streak of fur flashing by. As the frightened kitten leapt into her owner's inviting arms, the rest of the occupants of the room gathered around the young woman lying on the ground, who was rubbing her head and groaning.

Sayoko internally let out a sigh of relief.

Hopefully, that would buy some time for Master Lelouch.

Hopefully.

. . .

"I know you want to," she sang.

As her arms wound around his neck, the immortal mumbled, "You don't know what I want," all the while his eyes were locked on her teasing smile.

"Then why don't you tell me what you want?"

"… I don't want anything."

"Not even me?"

"I…"

"See? You can't deny it, Lelouch. You know you want me. So why don't you just give in? All you have to do… Is…"

She leaned up to kiss him, when they heard the door slam shut. The raven-haired man snapped his eyes open to see who it was; upon seeing Jeremiah in the room, he hurriedly made to step away from C.C., but it was already beyond his control. Much to his relief, it was downsized into a chaste peck, and the second that her lips left his, he said, "What is it, Jeremiah?"

As he tried to ignore the embarrassed flush that was coloring his cheeks, Lelouch frowned at the state the older man was in. Not at all collected, shards of glass here and there were clinging to his shirt and his hair was slightly mussed, as if he had been in a hurry. But why? Had the irrigation system been blocked up again? It could be; it had flooded yesterday after all, and it-

"Master Lelouch, Kallen Kozuki and Gino Weinberg have come."

"What?"

Sure enough, they could hear the unexpected company's distinctive voices.

Immediately withdrawing his hands from the sink, Lelouch said, "Code Black, Jeremiah" before grabbing C.C.'s hand and running out.

As the door closed behind them, Jeremiah gave a small bow while saying, "Please travel safely, my lord."

When Gino poked his head into the kitchen, he said, "Huh? Hey, Jeremiah! So you rushed back inside to do the dishes! Do you like doing them that much to jump through a window?"

. . .

"And you called me paranoid," he smirked. Busily saddling Antonius and Cleopatra, he smugly gloated, "And you laughed at me for wanting to prepare for every possible scenario."

"I'm surprised you're taking this all in one stride," she replied matter-of-factly, all the while digging out their bags from the stack of hay in the corner of the barn. "Our plans to return to Dion are being pushed ahead by half a month. This doesn't bother you, the spontaneity of it all?"

"If I hated spontaneity, Zero would never have been as successful as a military strategist as he had been."

"True," she admitted as he helped her up onto her mare. When he mounted his own, she countered with, "But you hate it in personal matters. You like to plan everything. Even se-"

"We're not talking about that," he sternly cut her off.

"You're just shy and embarrassed cause you're inexperienced and you don't know anything about it."

"Don't be ridiculous. I know
plenty
," he lied.

"Oh? And what could the cherry boy
possibly
know about the mating rituals of humans?"

She watched gleefully as he sat in his saddle, silently stewing. Laughing, she nudged him as they made their escape.

"I'm just kidding, Lelouch."

When his scowl didn't disappear, she said, "Lighten up,
sweetheart
."

He only continued to frown, upset with himself. Giggling, she shook her head.

Just. Too. Damn. Cute.

. . .

"Sayoko?"

"Yes, Miss Kallen? Oh dear, I do apologize. It's such a habit that's grown for nearly a decade, and it seems that it's more difficult to break than it seems."

"That's alright. As long as you're trying. But Sayoko, where's C2?"

The answer came in a manner that Kallen wasn't expecting.

"Mistress C2 left for a pizza convention the day before yesterday. She's not expected to return for some time," replied Jeremiah.


Mistress
C2?

The last time Kallen had been with Jeremiah, he had
never
called the witch 'mistress'.
Never
. Just what exactly had the conniving immortal done to evoke such respect and formality from the cyborg? What incriminating piece of evidence did the witch have on them to force them to slave away for her?

Kallen liked Anya, and she relatively got along with Sayoko and Jeremiah. And slavery was just wrong to her, a vice. A pet peeve.

This was just suspicious.

Immediately standing up, Kallen demanded, "Sayoko, where's C2's room?"

"Mistress C2's room? I believe Mistress C2 specifically requested that we not enter her private quarters when-"


That was it
.

Going up the stairs two by two, she skidded into the long hallway housing the four doors on the second floor. Going for the closest one, she grabbed its doorknob and opened the door with a bang. Jeremiah, filled with horror, dashed up after her, Gino hot on his heels, as he watched her open the door to Master Lelouch's room.

. . .

"How long do you think Kallen and Gino will stay at Helia?"

They were resting in the shade of an oak tree. Lelouch, C.C.'s head in his lap, absentmindedly twirled her hair around his finger before replying, "A week, give or take. They can't be staying more. Kallen wouldn't leave her mother's side for any longer, nor would their budget allow for them to travel abroad for an extensive amount of time. Therefore, a week. Maybe less."

"Well, well. Isn't this a stroke of luck?"

"Stroke of luck? Why?"

"Now we'll be completely alone. And you know, a lot can happen in a week."

She smiled as he flushed before mumbling how she should stop teasing him because it was only leading him on.

C.C. laughed before brushing his warm cheek with her hand and murmuring, "My lovely Lamperouge… Don't you have something to give me?"

Something that they had never finished back in the kitchen?

. . .

"Is this the guest bedroom?"

"It is," replied Jeremiah, quickly erasing the look of confusion splayed all over his face. What had happened to Master Lelouch's bedroom? Where was everything? It had been completely stripped of all its personality. What… What had happened?

Kallen, who was searching for C.C.'s room, not the guest's, closed the door before spinning around to discover what magical door was the entrance to the witch's lair. Where could it be? There were four doors in total, and she had opened one, the law of probability she had struggled to learn in school mandated that there was a 75% chance for her to-

"This isn't her room, is it? It's Anya's, right?"

"It's C2's," quietly replied the young girl. She, her brother, and mother had followed the trio upstairs, and now, they all crowded around the doorway of the emerald-haired woman's room, which was surprisingly neat, clean, and organized.

This only made Kallen more suspicious, and she immediately pounced on Sayoko to interrogate her if C.C. forced her or Anya, or anyone else for the matter, to clean her bedroom.

As Gino tried to calm Kallen down, who had passionately offered to teach C.C. a lesson upon her return, Alexei whispered, "Isn't it fortunate that C2 managed to persuade Lelouch to move into her room the night before?"

"Even with the loud racket it made," his sister nodded. And with that, as she contemplated the witch and the warlock, Anya decided that, despite how often they argued, she liked Lelouch and C.C. both as individuals and as a couple, and what more, that the future,
their
future, looked bright indeed.

. . .


C.C. stared as the raven-haired man reached into his pocket. What was he…



Her eyes widened; it was the box. The box that she had discovered in his bedside table drawer, the box that she was going to open but hadn't, and now that same box was sitting in his hand, and it-



"I was going to give this to you during the picnic you wanted to go on today… But I suppose now is as good as a time as ever since you did ask."



"I… Wasn't expecting a marriage proposal this quickly," she teased, having overcome her surprise. "After all, you were the one who was against getting married so soon. I…"



She fell silent as he opened the velvet case, revealing two rings crafted out of white gold. The more delicate of the two, clearly meant to be hers, glittered brilliantly as the tiny amethysts embedded within the gently intertwining bands that shaped a beautiful infinity symbol. This… Was for her?



"When did you get them?" she breathed. Tearing her gaze away from the gift, she looked up at him as he replied with, "Why do you think I went to town yesterday?"



Her eyes were drawn back to the ring as he liberated it from its velvet confinement. C.C. lay still and quiet as he carefully took her slender hand into his own spidery one.



"Cecaniah."



"… Yes?"



"Will you do me the honor of staying by my side for as long as you and I are destined to walk this earth?"



She looked back up and at him. She could see how nervous he was as he waited for her answer. She could just imagine the thoughts we was having. Would she say yes? Would she say yes? Would she say yes? Would she say yes? Would she say yes?



Perhaps she should grant him his wish.



"Yes."



A wide smile broke out onto his face, which she mimicked. When he had slid the cool band on her ring finger, she held her hand up to the sky, watching every glint and glimmer with excitement.



"What do you think? Isn't it elegant? I designed it and had it created by a well-known jeweler in the area."



"I like it," she decided. "But don't think I won't hold you to your promise, Lelouch. If you leave me," she lightly threatened while taking out his own ring, "I'll take Nunnally's chess set and hide it so that you'll never be able to even breathe on it."



But the warlock only smiled.



"I know. But if
you
ever break our promise, I'm going to take Cheese-kun hostage."



C.C.'s small smile immediately soured into a withering glower. The boy had grown too big of a head and had crossed the boundary; who did he think he was, to use Cheese-kun as leverage to get her to stay with him? She laughed at him; he couldn't do that to her.
No one
could steal Cheese-kun away from her, Cheese-kun was-



"Hey. I'm just kidding."



"You seriously need to work on your jokes," she growled. "They're not funny."



"I would never leave you," he whispered. "Of course, the occasional periods of time when we separate to give each other space don't count, as those are necessary, but-"



"What are you trying to say, boy?"



"What I'm trying to say, Cecaniah, is that there's no need for you to worry over Nunnally's chess set or that yellow blob you like so much. I won't take it away from you, and I won't leave you."



"Good. Anyways, it wasn't as if I was ever going to let you take Cheese-kun away. Or leave me, for the matter."



"Good."



"Good," she mumbled. And with all the fight drained out of her, C.C.'s eyes fluttered close as he gently brushed her hair away from her face before bending down to close the distance between them. As the familiar scent of lavender and jasmine intermingled with another and she tangled her fingers in his silky raven locks, C.C. smiled.



Silly boy.



Took him long enough.




Fin.


>