


I am soooo excited that I started an account. all my stories are going to be about PJO and HOO cause I LOVE THEM! Please review:)


Chapter 1

Percy Ruins Everything

I, Annabeth Chase, was going on a date. Well, it wasn't really a date. It was with my best friend, Percy Jackson. He had the most gorgeous face, with deep green eyes, and raven black hair. Oh, and did I mention the six pack? I mentally slapped myself. I couldn't be thinking like this. I started pacing my room, checking the clock on the wall every thirty seconds.

From the doorway, Malcolm, my second-in-command, laughed. "Excited?"

I turned around, blushing. "Shut up." I growled.

He just shook his head, and sat on one of the bottom bunks. It creaked under his weight. "Just, you know, don't get into any trouble. We need you. Both of you."

I straightened. "Of course not."

He glanced at the clock. "It's time for you to go." He said, "Remember, stay out of trouble!" He winked, and I caught myself blushing again. I ran down Half-Blood Hill to the car that Argus was going to drive me in. I hopped in, and he took off.


(Line Break)


Just let me say one thing. Running down Madison St. in the middle of Manhattan mid-afternoon traffic, in the blazing heat of summer; is not my idea of fun. Thank god I was wearing my Camp Half-Blood T-shirt which wasn't see through. That would be embarrassing. I turned the corner and came face to face with a big brick building that said the words Goode High School Welcomes You! on a big banner out in front.

Butterflies swirled in my stomach, and I tried to flatten my hair down after it had gotten frizzy by the humidity, but it was no use. I sighed. I walked around to the back entrance, but before I could get very far, I slammed into Percy.

I laughed. "Hey you're out early!" I grabbed his shoulders to keep him from falling face first into the street. I was about to say something else, when a red headed nightmare came running out, yelling, "Percy, wait up!"

My smile melted off my now furious face. I looked at the girl, giving her one of my classic glares, and then looked up at the school, finally noticing the alarms and the lapping orange flames through the black smoke.

My mouth turned upside down, and I looked at Percy. "What did you do this time? And who is this?"

"Oh, Rachel – Annabeth. Annabeth – Rachel. She's a friend, I guess." I scowled at the word friend.

"Hi." Rachel said to me. But then she turned back to Percy.

"You are in so much trouble. And you still owe me an explanation."

"Percy." I said coldly, even though I didn't mean to sound rude. "We should go." I tried to shake the iciness out of my voice. Police sirens wailed in the distance.

"I want to know more about half-bloods." Why was she still talking? "And monsters." Half-bloods an-and monsters. He told her. He really told her. I mean, I knew he was stupid, but I didn't know
how
stupid. "And this stuff about gods." She continued on. She grabbed his arm, and drew out a red permanent marker, and wrote her number down. "You're going to call me and explain, all right? You owe me that. Now get going."

"But-" Percy argued. Gods, why couldn't he just leave her alone?

"I'll make up some story. Tell them it wasn't your fault. Just go!" She ran back into the school, leaving me and Percy alone on the street. I started walking.

"Hey!" He had to jog to catch up to me. I rolled my eyes before he got to my side. "There were these two empousai. "He tried to explain, the words spilling out of his mouth in a jumble. "They were cheerleaders, and they said camp was going to burn down, and-"

"You told a mortal girl about half-bloods?" I still couldn't believe it.

"She can see through the mist. She saw the monsters before I did." Oh yay. Just one more point for Rachel.

"So you told her the truth?" I asked bewildered.

"She recognized me from Hoover Dam, so-"

I cut him off again. "You've met her before?"

"Um, last winter. But seriously, I barely know her." He stumbled over his words, rying to cover up for his multiple mistakes.

"She's kinda cute." Dammit Annabeth! What kind of thing was that to say?

"I-I never thought about it." Yea, right. Whatever though. Wasn't I supposed to be happy for him, since I was his best friend? I kept walking straight.

"I'll deal with the school. Honest, it'll be fine." I forced myself not to look at him, even though all I wanted to do was run straight into his strong tan arms and never let go.

"I guess our afternoon is off. We should get you out of here, since now the police are searching for you." Behind us, somewhere inside of the high school, a cloud of black smoke went up.

"You're right." He told me. Of course I am. I'm not wisdom's daughter for nothing. "We have to get to Camp Half – Blood. Now."

>