


Hi! I'm back. So, I've actually just decided to update whenever I feel like it. At the most, the time you'll have to wait is a week. Also, if there are any ideas you have about what Annabeth could be doing while away from Percy and his storyline, PLEASE review and tell me about them. I would love to hear your ideas and put them in the story (if possible) Enjoy!


Chapter 8

It was about an hour before dinner started, and archery had just ended. My cabin had free time right now, so everybody was hanging out with friends, walking on the beach or just doing normal things. I had decided to stay back, but I was kind of regretting that decision. The more I was alone, the more I thought about the prophecy. I thought about finding Percy, but it seemed silly to go running after him again right after we had just seen each other. I also thought about going to talk to Silena, but she would just want to talk about my relationship with Percy. I wasn't really in the mood to think about that right now.

I set down my maps and laid down on the bed. I didn't feel tired, but I was asleep in seconds. Of course, that's when the dreams hit.

-o0o-

I was standing in a huge corridor. The light was dim and a slow trickle of water could be heard from one of the other hallways. The Labyrinth. Suddenly, I heard voices. I looked around for someplace to hide, but the hall was long and empty. I pressed myself up against the wall and hoped that my dream concealed me. As they got closer, I could hear what they were saying.

"We've been down here for eight days, Zeke." A girl said. I remembered Zeke. He was a child of Ares. I'm pretty sure he was only there my first year though. I had just assumed he had died. "That is probably like a month in the real world!" The girl sounded whiny.

"Amanda, I know." I knew Amanda too. She was a daughter of Aphrodite, and she had only been at camp my first year also. The two of them had had a "thing" that summer, but no one ever saw them again. "We just have to think of our quest. Think of why we are doing this. Why did we go to Kronos?"

"Because of the gods." She muttered. "They were making me so angry, but Luke is making me just as mad." They came into my view then, and I could tell I was right about the demigods. They were flanked on either side by two empousai.

"We just have to stick it out, Amanda. Things will get better when we win this war." It sounded like this wasn't the first time he had tried to convince her of this. They started to walk down my hall.

"Yea, I know." She didn't sound so sure.

"I heard that the demigods from camp are sending a quest down here to stop us." He said.

"Luke wants to meet up with us down here so he can be here to watch them die. He says this will be our greatest victory yet. He's set up a trap."

"And it will be. Killing Percy Jackson before he even has a chance to save the world." The girl laughed manically. The boy was about to respond when an empousai tapped him on the shoulder.

"A demigod is here." She hissed.

"Where?" Zeke whirled around wildly.

"Right… here." Both empousai sniffed the air. Then, one of them stuck a finger out at me. I shook, and went for my knife, but it wasn't there. I didn't fall asleep with it on me.

The demigods looked at each other, then charged. I woke up panting, their swords centimeters away from my throat.

-o0o-

"Hey! You're awake." Malcolm said. I could feel cold sweat dripping down the nape of my neck. "I was going to wake you up, but you looked so peaceful." I fought back a laugh. If only he knew what I had just seen. I was going to tell him when my sister, Isabella, walked in.

"Hey." She said. "Chiron just told me to tell you to meet by Zeus' fist in half an hour. You better start packing."

"Yea, I will. You should go, Malcolm. Get everyone to breakfast." I said.

"I know." He leaned down and gave me a hug. "Just in case this is the last time I talk to you before you go, good luck."

I smiled. "Thanks Mal. Love you." He waved, and walked out the door. I grabbed my black Nike drawstring bag. I filled it with a magic always filled water bottle and three boxes of protein bars. I usually would just bring two, but I had learned over the years that Percy ate a lot. He ended up asking for mine, so I needed backup. I slid my knife into my shoe and zipped up my jacket. My hair was in a high pony, and it was probably going to stay like that for the whole time. In my opinion, the worst part about going on quests (besides dying) was not being able to shower. I added in a bedroll, nectar and ambrosia. The bags were magic, so it could hold lots of things. It had a limit, but so far I hadn't found it. I also put in another pair of grey leggings and a sweatshirt.

I looked ready, but I didn't feel ready. I was a wreck inside. I really just wanted another hug from Percy, but that wasn't going to happen before we left. Besides, the last thing I needed to focus on right now was whether or not I was going to have a moment alone with him. I sighed, straightened my jacket, and walked out to meet my friends.

-o0o-

Grover was the only other one there, along with all the campers. They had grabbed a quick breakfast and then come to see us off. We were going to have to eat something in the maze. I sat down on the ground, the grass soft. I was going through my bag again, when Percy showed up.

I frowned. "Percy, you look terrible."

"He killed the water fountain last night." Tyson said, in his deep voice.

"What?" I asked. Percy had a water fountain in his cabin, but he couldn't have literally killed it. Before Percy could respond, Chiron came over. He looked like he was trying to stay upbeat, but he really just had a painful grimace on his face.

"Well, it appears you are ready!" He said. I busied myself with my pack again.

"Hey, uh, Chiron, can I ask you a favor for while I'm gone?" Percy said.

"Of course, son." He said.

"Be right back, guys." Percy walked off into the woods with Chiron following in pursuit. I just rolled my eyes. Nice of him to leave right before we left.

I walked over to my family.

>