


Thanks to Elspeth, Goosen, AnglBunny, MsFrizzle, Princess Of God 4 Ever, Guest, Maybell's Stories, WolfTail Run, Dixie.f.9, shunshu, Maybe2Morrow, Catcrazzed, Saggyherman, DarkRavie, Above the Winter Moonlight, BlueWater5, and Silverstargirl for their reviews!




Harry Potter and the





Stone of

Dreams




.


-62- Evan -62-



November 9th, 1991


.

There was a grand total of
one
interesting book in all of Severus's quarters. Evan had spent a good few hours searching, in the desperate hope that maybe – just maybe – Severus read something other than potions dictionaries, boring magazines, or books that zapped your fingers when you tried to touch them. He'd even gotten up the courage to riffle through the bookcases in Severus's bedroom. But to no avail.

Evan had managed to find the old sign language book Severus had gotten him when he'd been younger. That had been an interesting few minutes even though the charm to make the pictures move had worn off, returning the book its normal muggle self. Only a few minutes of flipping had him putting it back though – he didn't need a refresher course on sign language. Especially now that his golem body had the ability to speak.

The only other book he'd found that even remotely held his interest was the old book of fairy tales Severus had gotten for him. He'd read it dozens of times, knew the tales extremely well… but after several hours of nothing to do, he'd picked it back up.

By the time Severus stalked through the doors, it was late in the evening. Evan was lying on the couch, part way through one of the tales, listening to his stomach growl. So the sight of Severus brought a grin to his face and he bounced off the couch. He walked up to the man, about to ask him how his day had gone, but caught sight of the frown marring Severus's face. "You okay?" he asked. His voice was a bit louder than it had been, having gotten an entire day of non-use.

Severus blinked and stared down at him. "Yes," the man answered simply, brushing past him to grab the teakettle from the kitchen counter.

Evan frowned. He'd been hoping for a bit more interaction than
that
. After an entire day alone, he wanted to talk. He slowly edged his way into the kitchen and dropped down into one of the free chairs.

Severus set a cup in front of him without much thought. "Bored?" the man asked out of the blue.

"Very," Evan replied emphatically. "Can we go to the Great Hall for dinner again?"

They'd gone the previous night, before the start of his official 'grounding'. Evan had been quietly escorted into the Great Hall and pushed into a seat next to Severus at the professor's table. Even though he knew all the professors' names, he'd found himself getting introduced to them all. Most of them had looked shocked to be introduced to Severus's kid.

Severus had eventually dropped an arm over the back of his chair. Evan knew he'd been very quiet and distracted during the meal – he'd been working hard at not saying the wrong thing or giving away that he already knew them all. He didn't need multiple warnings on what would happen if his current state of being got out into the general public.

At one point, the arm on his chair had moved so that the man's hand was on his shoulder. "Relax," Severus had murmured into his ear.

It had been… weird. Evan could still feel the slight tinge on his face when the hand hadn't moved and Severus had sat there, talking to Filius about his 'son'. For that moment in time, he'd almost believed that Severus actually wanted him there.
Him
. Not just the silent, ghostly tag-along that was silent and unable to destroy anything.

"So, can we? Great Hall?" Evan tried again when Severus didn't answer.

"Not tonight," Severus said after a moment, sipping at his tea.

"What's wrong?" Evan asked, slinking down a bit in his chair at the look his question earned him.

"Nothing that is your business," Severus replied shortly.

Evan felt his shoulders creep up around his ears. "Oh," he murmured.

Severus set down his teacup. "I suppose you're hungry." His voice was flat and matter-of-fact, like he was explaining a basic potions principle to a first year.

Evan shrugged one of his shoulders. In fact, he was starving. But Severus's reserved attitude put him off from wanting to talk anymore, and he was quite used to being hungry. He fiddled with the teacup sitting on the table. He could feel Severus's eyes on him, but he didn't look up. He watched the tea ripple around inside the cup, distorting the reflection from the candles.

"Your voice sounds better." The words sounded stilted - like the man had to search for something to say.

He found himself shrugging again.

There was a sound like a sigh, only with a bit of a growl in the back of it. "What is wrong?" Severus demanded. "And if you shrug again, so help me I will stick your shoulders to the floor."

His fingers moved for him. "Nothing," he signed. "I'm just bored-" His hands moved instinctively through the motion to add the sign for 'father' on the end, but he stopped them. He set his fingers firmly in his lap, feeling his face warm at the mistake he'd almost made.

"That's what comes with grounding," Severus said, apparently unaware of what Evan had almost done.

Evan stared into his tea, ignoring the pinch in his stomach. He shot a glance up at the dark man, watching him quietly sip at his tea, and slumped back in his chair.

Food eventually appeared on the table, supper was a quiet affair, then Severus disappeared back to his office and Evan was left alone in the silent living room once again.

.

...

.


-63- Severus -63-



November 11, 1991


.

"Sit down, my boy."

Severus bit back a retort to that, settling himself at the very edge of the overly stuffed chairs the headmaster liked to keep in his office. "You wished to see me?" he asked, careful to keep his voice in the polite range.

The old man grinned at him. "Lemon drop?"

A frown twitched at the corners of his mouth. "No. Why did you wish to see me?"

"Just to talk," the man said, popping a candy into his mouth and leaning back in his chair. "Your son seems to be settling in well."

Severus shifted, still uncomfortable with the idea of calling the boy his child. It was the story they'd agreed to run with, though, so he nodded. "Fairly well. I get the feeling he's bored."

The headmaster smiled at that. "The boy's eleven," the man commiserated. "They have plenty of energy at that age. You should see about finding him something to do with his time."

The thought had crossed Severus's mind – several times – but he didn't know what to do with the child short of keeping him locked in his quarters. Only the incessant questioning from the other professors forced him to bring the child out now and then, always strictly supervised. If the boy said even one wrong word, both of them would end up in a bad position. "He is still going through his consequences for what brought him to the hospital wing in the first place."

"What exactly was that again?" the headmaster said. There was still a smile on his face, but Severus caught a slight sharpness to the words.

"Not your business, honestly," Severus answered, keeping his expression bland and his eyes on the old man. "A potions accident."

Albus Dumbledore leaned further back in his chair and steepled his fingers. He let out a breath. "Of course, Severus, I was just trying to make conversation." His smile was amicable.

Severus tipped his head slightly in acknowledgement. "If you really have nothing to discuss, Headmaster, I have papers that need grading." He was about to get to his feet when the old man raised a hand.

"Just a moment, Severus." He reached over to his desk and starting rustling through papers.

"Ah, here it is," he said, pulling out a letter written on bright blue stationary. "You remember how we had an exorcist through a few years ago?"

Severus nodded. "The ghost in my dungeons."

"Yes, yes." The headmaster held out the letter for Severus to take. "I had her keep an eye on the situation. A bit too much dark magic for my tastes to be left on its own, you understand."

The paper was thick and regal, the words written on it short and to the point. Some sort of tracking charm had been left on the castle's dungeons to record the ghost's movements, and it had recently gone silent. Halloween night, in fact.

Severus was swearing loudly in his head. One of the people he least wanted to find out that he had a golem in his dungeon was the headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and a senior member of the Wizengamot. While there were many things the man could do – had done, in the past – the 'greater good' did not extend to a 'ghost' trapped in an illegal form. Perhaps before Potter had woken up, if Severus had told him the golem was Potter's soul in some form… but now the man had his savior back. The golem would be considered disposable. Especially to save the man's favorite spy.

"The apparition seems to have vanished."

Severus looked up from the note, then handed it back. "What does that have to do with anything?" he asked politely.

"Nothing really," the old man said. His eyes had lost their twinkle, merely gazing in Severus's direction. "Unless you have something you'd like to tell me about."

Severus wasn't stupid. He knew exactly what the headmaster was asking him. "I have nothing at this point I feel I need to tell you," he replied. "Nothing relevant, anyways."

The blue eyes narrowed just a touch. "I do trust you, Severus." The man held the blue paper in his fingers, quiet and contemplative. "However that trust does not extend absolutely."

"Of course not," he replied simply. "If I find something that needs your attention, I will inform you immediately."

"I do not enjoy having dark things roving around in my school, just so you are aware," the man said plainly.

Severus felt his back stiffen. "What exactly are you implying?"

"The apparition has been labeled as dark and broken," the headmaster said, almost in a grandfatherly tone. "You are well aware that I had my concerns in that area in regards to the Dark Lord Voldemort."

"The ghost was not the Dark Lord," Severus snapped, annoyed that the idea was brought up again after so short a time after he thought it dismissed and by the causal use of the man's name. "It was just a child. And it's apparently gone, disappeared to the afterlife or whatever, so it hardly matters anymore."

Albus Dumbledore tapped the blue paper against his desk, then set the paper alight with a glance. It turned to ash as the man dusted his hands. "Perhaps not the Dark Lord that we have been watching, anyways. I have been looking up information on the possibility that a piece of Voldemort's soul had broken off and was wandering around on its own." The man looked troubled for a moment. "It was apparently all the rage a few centuries ago."

Severus shuddered – both at the continued use of that name and at the idea that the Dark Lord had been broken into pieces. "I can guarantee that the ghost had nothing to do with the Dark Lord," he reiterated through his teeth, still fighting back the reaction from the idea. "It was simply a child. A rather annoyingly happy one."

The old man simply hummed softly at that.

"If that is all," he said, trying to get to his feet, but the headmaster held up his hand yet again.

"A few more items, Severus. If you'd give an old man a few more minutes of your time."

Severus let his weight drop back into the chair. "Of course."

What little chance he'd had to tell the headmaster about Evan had flown out the window with those words. The old man apparently thought that Evan was a piece of the Dark Lord. With Potter awake and back to his classes, there would be little that Severus could do to convince him without plenty of evidence. He ground his teeth together. Albus Dumbledore was a great and powerful man and incredibly brilliant – but he also had a blind spot a mile wide. A 'second' Potter in a golem form that would reek of 'dark, twisted' magic like his apparition had… that would fall right into the place that the headmaster wouldn't be able to see.

"I would like your son to start attending classes."

Severus blinked. "Say what?" he asked, not censoring himself. The man had gone from practically telling him that Evan was the Dark Lord himself to… asking him to attend class?

The headmaster nodded, more to himself than to anyone. "The child needs to continue his magical education, and it has become clear that you don't want to send him back to his old school." The man hesitated slightly before the last phrase of the sentence, clearly not believing the story. "There are laws, Severus. You can't hold your child back from an education."

"Of course not," Severus said slowly. He would be unable to keep the child safe, to keep control on what the boy said, if he was out in his classes.

"We'll sort him-"

"No." Severus interrupted that thought before it even got started. "Evan isn't getting sorted into a house."

Albust Dumbledore blinked at him. "Why not?" he asked, sounding genuinely curious. "Afraid of which house he'd end up in?"

Severus waved a hand dismissively. "The boy's a Gryffindor if I've ever seen one," he said sourly. "Takes after his mother. He has a very strong tendency to get into trouble and I don't want him out of my sight more than necessary until he's completely settled."

"A Gryffindor?" the headmaster repeated with a startled grin.

"And destined to be in the same house as the Weasley twins," Severus muttered. "I don't think the school would survive the school year."

"I heard what happened in potions," the man said.

Severus crossed his arms over his chest. "The boy has a lot of knowledge when it comes to potions," he agreed slowly. "Too much, perhaps." He stared at the man a long while, silent. "The child isn't dark or evil, Headmaster. He's got a streak of something in him. I'd almost say he was a Marauder, excepting the fact that I couldn't stand that group when I was young."

"Just when you were young?" the headmaster murmured.

Severus's eyes narrowed. "I'll let him go to classes, however the child isn't to be sorted yet." Letting the boy stay in one of the common rooms would be a disaster. Their secret would be spilled before the sun set. "If we can agree on that?"

The headmaster nodded. "Acceptable." He wrote something down on a bit of parchment on his desk. "I'll let you set up a schedule for him."

"Anything else?" Severus was almost afraid to ask. Most of his plans were being slowly picked apart by the headmaster.

"Your note you sent on Quirinus."

Severus blinked. He'd almost forgotten about Quirrell in the mess he was currently finding himself in. "The man left the Halloween feast just before the troll was let in."

"I'll remind you that it was Quirinus that found the troll and reported it to us," the headmaster said. "Who knows how much more damage would have been done if Quirinus hadn't located it so quickly?"

"I found it interesting-"

The headmaster held up a hand to stall any sort of argument. "I know you and Quirinus don't get along very well, Severus, but please don't let that cloud your judgment."

Severus gazed blankly at the headmaster. "The man has undergone a personality change since he got back from Albania, haven't you noticed? Asking questions about things he really shouldn't, poking his nose in where it doesn't belong."

"The man was in Ravenclaw. He's curious." The headmaster smiled. "I am keeping an eye on him, Severus."

Severus glanced away, frustrated by the lack of response.

"What is it you're worried about?"

Actually putting his fears into words wasn't something Severus was able to do. His thoughts on Quirrell were more a feeling than anything else. There was something
wrong
with the man. Although, to be perfectly honest, there was something wrong with many of the staff – himself included. "Never mind," he muttered, feeling a bit childish as the words crept from his mouth.

"I trust your instincts, my boy," Albus Dumbledore said gently. "I am watching him because of that. And I'm sure you'll continue to watch him as well."

"Don't treat me like I'm still one of your students," he said waspishly. "Is that all? I have a child to get back to."

"Of course, of course." The man finally waved his hand in a gesture of dismissal. "I expect to see Evan in classes starting Monday."

As Severus stood, he couldn't help the, "I suppose you'll be keeping an eye on Evan as well?"

"I keep an eye on all my students," the headmaster replied, his tone almost humorous.

Severus left the office, taking the moving staircase back down to the main floor and stalking through the halls. Students scattered in front of him. He was mostly lost in his own thoughts.

It was clear that the headmaster thought Evan wasn't someone to be trusted. It was also exceedingly clear that Evan fit perfectly into the old man's blind spot. For now, the truth of Evan's soul would need to be kept a secret from him.

With classes, that would be much harder to pull off. The child could say anything. From what Snape knew of Evan's soul as it had followed him around for years, the child had a knack for saying the wrong thing at the right time. It would only be a matter of time before something slipped.

Severus clenched his fingers into tight fists, feeling his nails dig into his palms. He wasn't even sure the golem form allowed Evan to control magic. Classes might be a complete disaster in the making. It was possible that some of the teachers – Filius or Minerva, for example – would peg the boy as different from the first spell he tried to cast. As much as he trusted the other professors to do their jobs professionally, he refused to let them know about the golem.

It was like a thick web weaving itself around his head. Pieces were moving on the chessboard and boxing in every move he could make. The headmaster had gently pushed the pieces around, forcing Severus to allow the boy to go to class – undoubtedly knowing whatever secret the child had wouldn't be kept long. Secrets were impossible to keep in a school like Hogwarts.

Severus had few moves remaining to him. To keep the boy and himself safe and out of Azkaban, he would need to determine how to remove the golem form before anyone learned of it. It was really just a question of
how
.

.

...

.


-64- Evan -64-



November 12, 1991


.

Evan stumbled to a stop in front of the fireplace in the Headmaster's office. He knew it connected to the Floo network – not that he'd ever had the chance to take it before. He shot a glance at the old man sitting in the desk, then back to Severus.

Severus had spent almost an hour going over the rules for their little excursion. Don't say this, don't ever do that, don't ever even imply that you know what dark magic is, much less a golem or anything to do with ghosts. Evan had spent a good portion of the time preventing himself from rolling his eyes. He'd gotten the picture with
if anyone finds out what you are, you will die
. He wasn't going to tell anyone.

Evan, though, wasn't at all clear as to the point of them leaving the castle. The man seemed against it. Severus barely let him leave the living room after the fiasco with the feathers in the potions lab, much less the castle itself. And Severus hadn't ever bothered to explain the
why
. Just the long list of
don'ts.


He hesitated when Severus put his hands on Evan's shoulders and stared at him for a moment. He could practically see the wheels turning in the man's head, trying to determine if he'd forgotten any rules. "I'm fine," he insisted. "Let's go."

It was a few moments more before the man released him and grabbed for the jar of Floo powder, holding it out.

As Evan grabbed pinch, the headmaster spoke up. "Enjoy your outing."

Evan glanced at the old man, going for a smile. Tossing the Floo powder into the fireplace, Evan took a cautious step forwards. Severus had explained how this worked… he just wasn't completely convinced that he wouldn't be burned, even as he stepped into the flames. They tickled. "Diagon Alley!" he pronounced carefully, then swallowed as the world spun around him.

Everything came to stop with a very sudden jerk, sending him tumbling to the floor. He opened his eyes and scrambled to his feet, finding himself in an old style pub that he recognized from his trip with Hagrid several months ago. Seconds later, the fire flared again, Severus stepping gently out. A wand tapped Evan's head, loosening the soot that had collected on his clothes.

Without even looking around, Severus put a hand on his shoulder and started to direct him out of the pub. "Come along."

"Where are we going?" he asked for the fourth time.

And again, Severus apparently didn't feel like answering. The fingers just curled a bit tighter around his shoulder and kept him moving. With a few taps of the man's wand, the wall in the back of the Leaky Cauldron gave way to the magical Diagon Alley.

Like his previous visit, Evan was escorted quickly down the street, himself not knowing which direction to look first. Colors and spells were everywhere, turning the street vendors into a blaze of color and life. One particular store, which was selling some sort of weather-control devices, caught his attention and he slowed. A woman waved one of the strange-shaped wands, forming a miniature tornado that blew down the street and caused a miniature disaster at the next door stationary shop.

"Not a chance," came Severus's voice. "We're here for one thing and we're headed back home."

Evan glanced up at him. That was more information than the man had given him over the last two hours since this 'excursion' began. "What are we getting?" he dared to ask one last time.

Over the bustle of the street and the distraught screams of the stationary shop owner, Severus's sigh was barely audible. "The headmaster wishes for you to attend class on Monday, since you're staying at the school for an indeterminate amount of time."

"Class?" Evan blinked, confused with what that had to do with Diagon Alley and where they were going today.

"It's the law that all magical students be trained," Severus continued. "The last thing we need is for the aurors to come nosing around right now."

"Okay…" Evan waited for a bit more explanation, but none seemed to be coming. "But why did I have to come to Diagon Alley?"

"Why must you ask the same question a million times?" Severus's voice had begun to creep near to the 'I'm going to hand out a detention' tone.

Evan scowled at the ground and kept his feet walking. "Because you haven't answered me yet," he muttered under his breath, but he was pretty sure he kept the tone quiet enough that Severus hadn't heard the reply.

Another shop caught his attention moments later, distracting him from the simmering frustration of not being told where they were going. A large, glowing sign proclaimed them to be magical robes that changed colors based on the wearer's thought patterns. A model, who was striding back and forth in the display, was taking suggestions for designs on the robe. It swirled a variety of colors and patterns, then settled onto a huge, roaring dragon across the back.

He was craning his neck around, trying to figure out what design the robe would have next, when Severus's fingers tightened around his shoulder and pulled him towards one of the shops. It was small and bland compared to the gaudy and flashy shops. No displays were set out before the door, just a small handwritten sign that said the word 'Open'.

As Evan walked in, he noted with a slight frown that the inside wasn't any better than the outside. It would have barely looked out of place on a muggle street. Objects were strewn across shelves, many of the objects in a state of disrepair or covered in a layer of dust. With the notable exception of the labels explaining what each object did and who the previous owners had been, it looked just like a muggle second-hand store. "Don't touch anything," Severus hissed in his ear, then headed towards an extremely overweight man sitting in the back of the store.

Evan didn't bother to answer, not wanting to touch anything anyways. This was one of those places Aunt Petunia wouldn't enter even if she had a gun to her head. He grinned a bit at the image and studied some of the objects a little closer. An old blender that supposedly un-blended juice drinks back into fruit, once owned by a family named Darieere. A vacuum that took the dust from your floor and put it on someone else's floor, of unknown origin. A watch that allowed you to de-age yourself for an hour, also of unknown origin. An extremely dust-covered lava lamp that was claimed to hold the souls of several dead infants, from the estate of the Riddle family.

Evan stared at the lava lamp, disconcerted, for a long moment. "Ew." No wonder it had so much dust on it. He shuddered when something shadowy moved inside the liquid, imagining eyes staring at him. Moving down the aisle slightly, he found something that caught his eye. A slightly cracked rock.

The little label claimed it was something known as a geode. An ancient and powerful wizard was said to have locked up his magical powers inside centuries ago, to keep them from ever being used again. Evan thought that would make an interesting story as he scanned the rock again. It was a normal looking, round rock. He glanced over at Severus – who was deep in conversation with the fat man – and slowly picked up the stone. It felt like a rock. Heavy, kind of cold, about the size of a golf ball. It was stained from the grease of hundreds of years of fingers picking it up and playing with it. His finger traced over the crack in the rock.

His eyes flickered back up to the little label sitting on the shelf and finished reading what it said. "From the Potter estate?" he whispered, startled. He stared back down at the rock, suddenly finding it a whole lot more interesting. Was it the same Potters as his family? Could his parents have once held this rock too?

"Evan!" came Severus's rough shout.

Evan flinched, suddenly remembering he wasn't to touch the stuff on the shelves. Severus was looking his way, but didn't have an expression on his face that said that he knew Evan had picked something up.

"Come here."

Not wanting to be seen putting the rock back on the shelf, he slipped the rock into his pocket, intending to put it back later when Severus was busy. He walked towards the front of the store. "Yeah?"

"Here." Severus pushed a shoebox towards him. "Go through those."

Evan glanced inside, half expecting to see shoes. Instead, dozens of wands met his gaze. "Magic wands?"

"You're going to need one for class," Severus said, sounding a little exasperated. "Select one."

"I…" He trailed off, for the first time realizing that he didn't really have a wand for the classes he would have to take.
His
wand was with his real body. One that had supposedly woken up and was walking around without him. "Okay."

Severus continued to talk to the man, something about Albania, as Evan pulled the box towards him and moved the wands about in the box with his finger. One dark-colored wand caught his eye and he picked it up, running his fingers over it, then set it back. It hadn't caused that warm rush of energy like his old wand did. Another, this one a sort of burnt red, at least had a little reaction. He set that one aside for later and went through the entire box.

It was like Olivander had said when he'd gotten his first wand – he was apparently a tricky customer. He glanced up at Severus, who didn't seem to care that he was taking a long time to pick through the wands. He was near to the end when a pale wand caught his eye. It was long, light colored with red-brown streaks through it. He picked it up, grinning when it felt
right
in his hand.

"This one," he said, glancing up at Severus.

"Excellent." Severus dumped the rest of the wands back in the box and shoved it back, setting a few gold coins on the counter. Then, after a moment's hesitation, a few more. "For your trouble," Severus said.

"A' course," the man wheezed, making the gold disappear into his pockets. "I don't go around blabbin' on me customers. Ya wasn't even here, I don't reckon."

Severus nodded, grabbing Evan's shoulder, and they made their way out of the shop. It wasn't until they were several shops down, almost back to the weather-control shop, before Severus pulled him to a stop in the shadows alongside the Alley. "Let me see your wand."

Evan held it out, and when the wood left his fingers he felt the oddest desire to snatch it back. "It is okay?"

"Yes," Severus said, turning it over in his fingers. "It's made of elderberry wood. I believe the headmaster has a similar style wand." The corners of his mouth twitched upwards. "It's supposed to be good for warding off evil influence. You couldn't have picked a better wand, honestly."

When he held it back out, Evan took it, running his fingers over the worn handle. "What's the core?"

"I have no idea," Severus admitted, starting to walk again. "I am not a wand expert."

"Do you think the fat guy knew?"

Severus shook his head. "Not if he was selling an elderberry wand for three galleons. The wood alone is worth at least double that, regardless of the core."

"Oh." Evan walked along side him, watching the shops for anything interesting. When they walked past the stationary shop, the owner was still trying to put things to rights. Several people in long, brown cloaks were standing there, talking to several people and writing things down in little notebooks.

"Come along," Severus said suddenly, picking up the pace and getting them out of sight of the weather-controlling shop before Evan really knew what was happening.

"What?"

"Those are aurors," Severus said quietly. "You will do your best to never be noticed by them."

Evan jerked his head around, trying to stare through the crowds of people to see the aurors again. Severus's fingers were tight on his shoulder, keeping him moving along. It wasn't more than a few minutes before they were back at the Leaky Cauldron and headed back through the Floo.

He landed in the headmaster's office, sprawled on his back and blinking at the ceiling dizzily. Severus stepped over him a second later, an arched eyebrow and the ghost of a smile at the corner of his mouth. "Two left feet today?"

Evan scowled and got up, brushing absently at the ash on his clothes. He felt Severus's wand tap his head gently, vanishing what was left of the dirt.

"That was rather quick," came a quiet voice.

Evan glanced up, finding the headmaster still sitting behind his desk. "Good afternoon," he said.

The man smiled gently, then held out a tin of sweets. "Lemon drop?"

"No thank you," Severus answered for him, stepping slightly in front of him. "We still have much to do today. Thank you for the use of your Floo."

"You're always in too much of a hurry, Severus," the old man said, running fingers through his beard. The twinkling blue eyes turned to Evan, the corners crinkling up in a smile. "Did you find a new wand?"

"Yes, Sir," Evan said. Severus had explained that he'd told the headmaster that his old wand had been destroyed in the accident that landed him here.

"May I see it?"

Evan hesitated, glancing up at Severus. The man narrowed his dark eyes slightly, but nodded faintly. Evan took the wand from his sleeve and approached the headmaster's large desk, holding out the thin piece of wood.

When the old man carefully picked up the wand, Evan again felt that strange desire to snatch it back. "Thank you," the headmaster said, running his fingers over it gently. "Do you know what this is made of?" he asked after a moment, turning his eyes back on Evan.

Evan thought the man looked a bit startled. "Elderberry wood," he said after a second, licking his lips. "I don't know what the core is."

Very slowly, the man twirled it in a circle. "It's got a phoenix feather in it. Quite a rare combination."

"Oh." Evan stared at him, then reached forwards to take his wand back when the man offered it. It felt warm in his fingers, as if it were delighted to come back to him. He ran his thumb over the soft wood, feeling a little smile on his lips as the warmth spread up his arm and through his body.

"You can tell a lot about a wizard by his wand," the headmaster said, his voice very soft. "Wands can't lie. Did you know that?"

Evan shook his head, edging backwards a step. The old man's intense stare was starting to make the hairs on the back of his head stand on end.

"Elderberry wood wards off evil. It's why so many wizarding families use them as hedges. And phoenixes are known for their fiery personalities and their cycle of rebirth." The man's blue eyes narrowed just a bit.

Evan felt long fingers grab onto his shoulders. "Perhaps that should stem some of your earlier concerns," came Severus's voice from over his head. "Now, I really do have a lot to get done today. Good day, Headmaster."

Evan was directed out of the headmaster's office, down a moving staircase, and out into the hallway. They were most of the way to the main staircase leading into the dungeons before Severus's fingers loosened their hold.

It wasn't until they were all the way back to Severus's quarters that Evan stuffed his hands into his pockets and felt the small stone. He retreated to Severus's study to practice a few of the first year spells, and pulled the little cracked geode out to examine it. Guilt prickled at his mind. He hadn't really
meant
to steal it.

Then again, it had belonged to the Potter estate. The sign had said so. So, technically, it sort of
was
his. And it caused a little flicker of warmth in his chest to think he had something that his parents might have held at one point. It was almost like a family memento.

He rubbed his fingers over it, then put it back into his pocket. He'd have to find a place to store it out of the reach of everyone else.

.

...

.


-65- Evan -65-



November 13, 1991


.

"Here."

Evan looked up from his breakfast, startled to find Severus setting a piece of paper in front of him. He set down his fork and picked up the paper, looking it over. It was a schedule. And it wasn't the Gryffindor schedule, that much was sure. "What house am I in?" he asked, a sense of dread in his stomach at the thought that he might have been pushed into the Slytherin house. He had nothing against the Slytherins in general, but he'd gotten off on a seriously bad foot with Malfoy and his cronies.

"You're not in one," Severus answered shortly. He dropped a collection of essays on the table, sorting through them.

"Why not?"

Severus stared at him for a long, blank moment. "You are trapped in a highly illegal form, you do remember that?"

Evan shifted. "What does that have to do with anything?" he asked, feeling like he was missing something.

"That particular situation can't be allowed to continue." Severus set down the essays, studying him. "You understand that, I'm sure. As soon as I determine how to remove you from that form, I will have to."

Evan actually hadn't thought much about that. He knew he had to keep the fact that he was a golem secret, that his life depended on it, but he hadn't really thought much past that.

There was a dark sigh. "No, I can see that you didn't really understand."

Picking up his fork again, Evan pushed his food around on his plate. "It makes sense," he said.

"Your soul needs to be returned to its proper body."

"I know," Evan said, his voice a bit rough with frustration, keeping his attention firmly on the slightly runny eggs on his plate. "I get it."

There was silence. Then the sound of rustling papers. "I made sure to select morning classes for you," Severus said after a moment. "I expect you to stay here in the afternoons to do your homework."

Evan nodded, but felt annoyed by the direction. He'd spent his entire life with the Dursleys being locked up and kept out the way. Here at Hogwarts, he was used to having free run of the place. With few short exceptions, Evan hadn't been anywhere except Severus's living room and the hospital wing in the past two weeks. It was starting to chafe.

"Evan?"

"I got it," he said, pushing his half-eaten breakfast away from him. He wasn't all that hungry anymore.

"I don't think you do." Evan's chair was jerked away from the table and he found himself staring into Severus's eyes. "It is incredibly important that what you are remain a secret." Evan opened his mouth to say something, but the dark look in Severus's eyes broken that off. "I happen to know you quite well, being that you've been haunting me for six years. You do not keep secrets well."

Evan scowled and crossed his arms.

"Until I can figure this out, you need to stay away from people," Severus said firmly. "You're an open book, child."

"I'm sick of sitting in here," Evan said quietly.

Severus's lips pressed together. "Your life depends on it, you realize that."

Evan shrugged slightly. "I got it," he said, looking down at his fingers. He knew what would happen if anyone determined what he was… but that didn't solve the fact that he was epically bored. "Class in the morning, in here in the afternoon. Nowhere else. Don't talk to anyone if I can help it."

There was more silence, but eventually the man left him and went back to his essays. Evan eventually reached over and picked up his schedule again, staring at his classes for the morning. Double Transfiguration first, then a Potions lab.

A dirty-looking book bag was set on the table in front of him. "I put your supplies for the morning in there," Severus said blandly. "Try to stay out of trouble."

"Yes, Sir," Evan muttered, grabbing the bag and heading towards the door to get his shoes. "I'm going to go to class and read the chapter before class starts."

Severus's coal-black eyes gazed at him a very long moment. "Watch what you say."

Evan nodded, fighting back a scowl. Tying the laces of his shoes, he vanished through the door and into the dungeons. So early in the morning, nobody was in the halls just yet. He wandered up to the owlery to greet Hedwig and scratch her head, then made it to class nearly a half-hour before the official start of class.

Professor McGongall was already there, going over something on her desk. Evan paused in the doorway, unsure of whether or not he should go in, but the woman looked up and smiled at him. "Come on in," she said pleasantly. "Class doesn't start for quite a while, however."

"I know," he said, his voice still rough when he tried to speak too loudly. "I just got my book this morning, so I wanted to read it before class started."

A smile curled on her lips. "It's chapter three," she said. "Pick a seat."

Evan picked one in the back, pulled out his book – a used one, he noted, but it hadn't been written in much – and flipped to the right page. 'Basic living to nonliving transfigurations' the chapter title read. He let out a dark noise, put his feet up on his desk, and settled in to at least attempt to know what class was about to be about.

.

...

.


-66- Evan -66-



November 13, 1991


.

Evan walked slowly through the halls towards Potions. Transfiguration with the Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs hadn't gone very well. The Ravenclaws had answered every question, the Hufflepuffs had all managed to complete the spell before the end of class, and all of them had spent most of the hour trying very hard to not look like they were staring at him.

He hadn't been able to do the transfiguration. Hadn't even come close, although he'd tried many times. He'd have to spend the afternoon practicing.

At least Potions was with different students. Hopefully the rest of the first years wouldn't stare at him endlessly. And Potions was a class Evan felt somewhat confident in.

Walking down the steps into the dungeon, Evan walked straight into… himself.

Harry Potter was the exact same height as he was. The green eyes were piercing behind the thick glasses, the scar faded, but still visible under his fringe. The boy scowled at him and pushed him slightly. "Who are you?" he demanded.

Evan shuddered at the sound of his own voice coming out of someone other than himself. It felt wrong. "Evan," he said, confused as to how Harry didn't know him. He knew Harry, surely the boy knew him. They were two halves of the same soul, or something. "We've met…?"

"Doubt it," Harry muttered. His eyes were dark and sharp. "Watch where you're going."

"It was an accident," came another voice. Evan glanced to the figure standing next to Harry. Ron Weasley. The boy was gazing in Harry's direction with an odd expression on his face.

"As long as he doesn't do it again," Harry said, glaring at him before turning and stalking down the hallway towards class. Just before he left, Evan saw something whisper around in the back of Harry's eyes. Red. Hissing.

Evan stared at him, completely confused. There was no way he had acted like that. Why was Harry? And what was with the boy's eyes?

"Sorry," Ron apologized. "He's still recovering from getting hit on the head. Ron Weasley." The redhead stuck out his hand, but there was something hesitant about the movement.

Evan yanked his eyes off Harry's retreating back. "Evan Snape," he muttered, shaking the boy's hand absently. "He's always like that?"

Ron shrugged. "Not usually." His eyes were hard. "I heard what you did to my brothers."

He couldn't quite hold back his grin at the memory. "I heard they wouldn't let anyone take off the feathers for two days."

Ron made a noise in his nose. His arms crossed over his chest. "Are you really Professor Snape's kid?"

Evan shrugged. "So I'm told," he said. He blinked at Ron, finally realizing that the boy was treating him in the same offhanded manner he treated most of the Slytherins. It stung a bit when he figured that out.

Of course, Ron was
Harry's
friend. Evan was someone completely else, and someone Ron would have no reason to trust, or even like being around.

"Stay away from my family," Ron said.

"Yeah," Evan said softly as Ron walked away. He waited a few beats, then followed. The door to the classroom was open, students trailing inside. He slipped into the room too, standing in the back of the room as he came to the realization that he would have to pick – Gryffindor side of Slytherin side?

"Get away from me, would you?" came his own voice.

Evan glanced towards the Gryffindor side of the classroom, easily finding his own body standing next to one of the front tables. Hermione Granger was standing next to him, looking extremely confused.

"I… I just wanted…" she started.

Harry scowled at her and dropped his bag on the desk. "I can do my work without the help of a mudblood," he said.

The derogatory term had Hermione take an uncertain step backwards. "I thought," she started again, but Harry's dark look brought up her short. Flushing bright red, she hurried away and found a desk in the back.

"That wasn't very nice," he heard Ron tell Harry as the redhead took the seat next to Harry. "You do realize that's a really mean thing to call her… even if she is a know-it-all annoyance."

Harry didn't seem to care. He just took out his stuff and dumped his cauldron onto the table.

Evan's mouth was hanging open slightly, completely confused. Looking around the room, he found that most of the students had already paired up. With few choices left to him, he walked over to Hermione, who was sitting alone at her table and staring fixedly at her book.

She glanced up at him in surprise when he pulled out the stool and dug out his textbook. Her eyes were bright with unshed tears. "Hi," she said, her voice almost breaking.

Evan glanced at her. "Hi." He flipped through the book a few minutes. "What are we doing today?"

"A forgetfulness potion," she replied. "Are you joining our class?"

Evan shrugged. "My…" he swallowed, then forced the words out. "My father doesn't want me in a potions class without him supervising. So apparently I get to be here."

A small smile tugged at the corner of her mouth. "I met you in the hospital wing, remember? Hermione Granger."

"Evan Snape," he answered, finding the right page and glancing over the directions.

"I'm a muggleborn."

He glanced up at her, honestly confused as to why she said that. "So?" he asked after it became clear she wasn't going to explain that though.

She shifted slightly, biting her lip. "It just seems like most Slytherins care. And there is an open seat over on that side of the room…"

Evan tipped his head to the side, fighting back a grin as he caught on. "I'm not sorted into a house, actually. So I can sit where I want. And my father's halfblood and my mother's muggleborn, so I highly doubt I have a problem with your blood status." He shrugged. "But if you don't want me to sit here, just say so."

There was a quiet, startled blink from Hermione. "You can sit here," she said.

Evan sent her a little grin. "Awesome, because I have a feeling I'm going to be assigned some hellish version of this potion and I'm going to need the help."

She looked like she was going to respond to that, but Severus chose that moment to stalk in the room.

Severus's eyes flickered to Harry, then to Evan. Only due to Evan's many years of watching Severus did he catch the slight hesitation in the walk to the front of the room. The man shook his head slightly. "Potter. I hope you caught up on your readings. You are not excused from the last two weeks of assignments simply because you were stupid enough to attack a troll."

Several Slytherins snickered. Harry nodded quietly. "Yes, Sir."

"What are the key ingredients to a forgetfulness potion?" Severus asked, not taking his eyes off Harry.

"Lethe River Water, mistletoe berries, and Valerian sprigs," Harry answered quickly.

Severus crossed his arms over his chest. "And how long does it brew?"

"Forty-five to sixty minutes, depending on the season and relative humidity." Harry smirked slightly.

"What is the last thing added?"

"Crushed mistletoe berries."

Severus narrowed his eyes, his tone sharp. "At least the troll didn't seem to have smashed out your knowledge for this class." His eyes trailed over to Evan. "We will be brewing a forgetfulness potion today. I despair for anyone who didn't read the chapter extremely carefully…"

Evan let his mind wander as Severus went through his spiel, flipping aimlessly through the few pages of his book. The man undoubtedly already knew he could brew this potion – being that he'd sat through this class several times. It wasn't until a shadow loomed over him that Evan looked up.

Severus set a box down in front of him. Evan glanced down into it, staring in a sort of horror at the mixed up unlabeled ingredients. "What's this?" he asked.

"I want a forgetfulness potion," Severus said, sounding as thought he was speaking to someone rather slow. "Or did you miss the entire lecture I just gave?"

Evan shook his head.

Severus pushed the box towards him. "Use these ingredients. You're not allowed in the potions storeroom. I want a potion and all of these properly labeled by the end of class."

Evan stared at him.

"It should keep you busy and away from feathers," Severus said, his voice quiet enough to not carry beyond their table. "I'm sure Miss Granger would love to help." He turned on his heel and stalked away.

"I'm going to regret sitting next to you," he heard Hermione say. She pulled the box towards her, starting to paw through the mess. "We're going to need one of the ingredient books to sort these. But we'll have to get the base brewing for the potion first, otherwise it won't get done before the end of class. Which do you want to do?"

Evan turned to look at her with a raised eyebrow. He'd caught the slight note of enjoyment in her voice. "I'll get a cauldron and the ID book," he said, slipping off his stool and heading towards the pile in the back corner of the room.

As he passed by Harry, he hesitated. "Hi," he tried again.

Harry glanced up at him, his eyes narrowed. There wasn't even the barest flicker of recognition in them. "What is it with you? Do you want my autograph or something?"

Evan stood there, staring quietly at him. Harry's eyes
changed
slightly as he watched. The pupils turned to slits, a quiet hiss stirring through the air.
The snake
, Evan realized with a sudden, horrible feeling in his chest.

"No," he said, taking a step back. "Just wanted to say hi."

He grabbed the cauldron and hauled to his desk, then went for the ID book sitting on the shelf. As his fingers closed around the spine, long pale fingers closed around his wrist. He glanced up at Severus.

The man gazed down at him silently.

He let a little smile cross his face. "I'm good."

The fingers released, Severus's face not looking entirely convinced. "Leave Potter alone for now," the man said quietly before he walked away.

"Don't have to tell me twice," Evan muttered, eyeing Harry on his way back to his desk. As he started searching through the ingredients for the potion base, he couldn't help but glance up at the other boy.

Severus was wrong. It wasn't some sort of situation where his soul had gotten split. His body was inhabited by the snake.

>