

Chapter 5: No and Yes

A/N: Well, it's been a little while since I wrote this, but now I'm back in business. I have a deadline to complete and I'm going to try my best to meet that deadline no matter what. I would have done this sooner, but due to personal stuff, I really wasn't in a humorous mood to really write any more of this story. Now that things are okay, I'm getting back into it, and I hope that all of you will enjoy what I write. Thanks to all of those who have read and reviewed thus far. Your encouragement has been amazing. And even if you aren't a wrestling fan, I would still encourage you to review this story as I enjoy feedback. If you have any questions, feel free to ask and I'll be happy to answer them. Enough with the rambling. Let's get back to the story.

Disclaimer: TMNT and all related characters belong to Nickelodeon. WWE and all related characters are property of Vince McMahon. I'm only using them for my own amusement.

Daniel Bryan was on top of the world right now. He was WWE World Heavyweight Champion, the fans were going nuts for him, his fiancée, Brie Bella, was so proud of what he'd accomplished, and best of all, the Authority and Randy Orton had to admit that he was the official face of the WWE. Hell, Randy even had to get down on his hands and knees and kiss Daniel's foot as payback for stealing the glory he'd deserved at Summerslam. Yes, everything was going his way, and he was determined to continue down this path. He hoisted the title high in the air for all to see as the fans continued to chant, "Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!"

Unfortunately, for Daniel Bryan, it was nothing but a dream.

The bearded Superstar woke up, angry that he'd been robbed of the title once again. Granted, John Cena had it and had promised that Daniel would get his shot at it, but he was taking a long ass time in deciding when Daniel was going to get said title shot. He sighed and turned over to look at his fiancée, Brie Bella. But as he turned, he noticed that Brie wasn't in bed with him. What was going on? Was she okay? He then looked at his surroundings and noticed that he wasn't in the hotel room but in a different room altogether. Posters plastered the wall of what he assumed were horror movies he'd never heard of before. A shelf contained numerous action figures, and the floor was littered with pizza boxes and other assorted items. Daniel knew he wasn't at home because he wasn't as messy as this room's occupant. So where was he?

He swung his feet off of the bed and gasped at what he saw. His foot was green and had three toes on it. He kicked things aside as he hurried to find a mirror. He saw a desk with a lamp and gasped as he stared at his reflection in the reading lamp. He was green and definitely wasn't human. Was this some kind of prank? Wrestlers often liked to rib each other and play jokes on one another from time to time. Had Cena dressed him in some costume to throw him off?

A little worried now, Daniel ran out of the room and searched for a way out. He called for his fiancée and got no answer. He ran down the hallway to the living area and stopped as he heard voices. Following the sounds, he parted a curtain that led to a kitchen and found three others who looked just like he did.

"What's going on here?" he demanded. "How did I get in this place? Is this some kind of trick? Who are you guys?"

The one in the blue mask looked at Daniel and answered, "I'm John Cena, bitch. Who the hell are you?"

"I'm Daniel Bryan, asshole," Daniel retorted. "Did you do this as some sort of prank to see if I'm worthy of your title? I'm so sick of people doing this to me! Nobody thinks I'm good enough, and they keep putting obstacles in my way!"

John held up his hands in self-defense. "Whoa, hold on a minute there, Daniel," he said. "I didn't put you up to anything. None of us know how we got here, and that's what we're trying to find out. And as for your title shot, you WILL get it. I'm a man of my word, and I always keep my promises."

"Okay, so who else is here?" Daniel asked him.

"Randy's over there in the red mask and Damien's the one in the purple mask," John answered.

"So none of you know how you got here?" asked Daniel.

"No we don't," Randy replied. "Now what the hell do you want for breakfast, Bryan? It's bad enough I've got to be their servant, now I have to serve some goat-faced freak."

'Hey, I am NOT a goat-faced freak!" Daniel yelled.

"You may not be one now, but you're still ugly," Randy retorted. "And instead of whining and moaning about getting a title shot, why don't you earn it like everyone else?"

"Oh, like you did?" Daniel retorted. "At least I don't go around stealing the glory from people who are more deserving of the title!"

"Hey, I won Money in the Bank fair and square!" Randy countered. "I just took advantage of an opportunity and it paid off. Now what do you want for breakfast?"

"Don't bother, I'll get it myself," Daniel said.

"The cereal is in the cupboard," John told him.

Daniel nodded and looked in the cupboard John had indicated. He took some Lucky Charms out and poured himself a bowl, adding in milk, too.

"It makes sense that you would pick that type of cereal," Damien snorted.

"Oh, shut up, you dumb know-it-all!" Daniel snapped.

"Okay, I think we need to discuss the possibilities of how we got here," John said once everyone had their breakfast.

"I think Daniel had something to do with it," Randy stated. "He's always complaining about things and it makes sense that he'd dress us up in turtle costumes and send us away to get us back."

"No! No! No!" Daniel yelled. "I had nothing to do with that! For all I know it was you, Randy!"

"It wasn't me!" Randy retorted.

"Okay, enough!" John roared. "None of us had anything to do with what happened. I say after breakfast, we look around and see exactly where we are and what we're dealing with here."

"An excellent suggestion, Mr. Cena," Damien praised him. "It seems that under your wannabe rapper exterior, you do have some intelligence there."

"Why, thank you, Damien," John replied, deciding to ignore the comment about being a wannabe rapper.

And so the Superstars continued eating breakfast, anxious to get to the bottom of what had happened. Then a yell startled them and they jumped to their feet.

"What the hell was that?" Randy asked.

"I don't know," John answered. "I didn't think anyone else was here."

Then they heard footsteps and gasped when the curtain parted and a giant rat was standing there. The Superstars stared at the rat and then at each other.

"Oh shit!" John cursed. They knew they were definitely in for it now.

22222

Michelangelo smiled as he devoured the pizza. Each time he ate some, more would appear for him out of thin air. None of his brothers were here and he had the place to himself. Ah, this was the life. If only he could have this happen more often. He continued eating the pizza until he was full and then soda appeared to quench his thirst. He drank some and then belched. Yep, this was definitely awesome.

Unfortunately, for Mikey, it was just a dream.

Mikey woke up, angry that his dream world wasn't real. Why did he have to get up now anyway? Couldn't he just sleep in a little longer? He looked around his room and saw that the walls were bare. Where were his posters? Where were his action figures? He looked on the floor and saw that it was clean. What had happened to all of his stuff? A moan beside him startled him, and he looked over to see a woman with dark hair sleeping next to him. Had he gotten drunk and ended up in a hotel room? No, that couldn't be true as Splinter didn't allow alcohol in the Lair. Mikey swung his feet over the edge of the bed and gasped as he looked down. He had five toes, and his skin was white and not green. Panicked, Mikey hurried to the bathroom mirror and looked at his reflection. He saw a face with a beard and long brown hair staring back at him. His panic faded as he recognized who he was.

"I'm Daniel Bryan," he whispered. "This is so awesome!" He looked around and spotted a bag that had to be his. After getting some clothes on, Mikey ran out of the hotel room and shouted, "This is totally radical!"

Three other Superstars swiveled in his direction at the sound of his voice, and Mikey stopped in his tracks as he spotted them. Then John Cena beckoned him over, and Mikey ran over to him right away.

"Dude, you're John Cena!" Mikey cried. "This is so cool!"

"Mikey, calm down," John ordered. "We don't need everyone hearing us."

"Okay," Mikey said and then paused. "Wait, how did you know my name?"

"I'm Leo," Leo said. "Raph is Randy and Donnie is Damien. We've somehow switched bodies with the WWE Superstars."

"And that means that the WWE Superstars are in our bodies," Don interjected.

Mikey's eyes lit up. "Dudes, this is so cool!" he cried. "Now I can prank The Shield. I've always wanted to do that."

"And while you're at it, why don't you prank the Wyatt's too?" Raph said sarcastically.

"Nah, they're too crazy," Mikey replied. "I'd rather prank The Shield. And when I get done, I'm gonna say, 'Believe in that, suckers!' It'll be so cool!"

"Mikey, you are NOT going to prank The Shield," Leo said sternly. "We need to get down to the restaurant and act like nothing's amiss until we figure out what we're going to do."

With this settled, the Turtles went to the elevators, but before they got there, another hotel door opened, and Vince McMahon stepped out. The Turtles were stunned to see him, but then they heard what he was saying.

"My sons!" he cried. "I must find my sons!"

The Turtles stared at one another in shock and then cried out, "Sensei?!"

A/N: Did I mention that Splinter is getting switched too? Yeah, he is and now we know who he switched with. So how is Vince McMahon going to handle this? Well, you'll just have to read the next chapter to find out. Feel free to leave a review and have a shelltastic day.

>