


Hey everybody, here's
Teammates Forever
.



For those readers out there reading this story, every Sonic Character is human in this story. So when you see the actual names of the characters, it will have a meaning after every chapter is finished - like this one when you finish this chapter soon.



This story was called,
Love &amp; Basketball II
, until I changed it. You will know why when you read Chapter 5.



This takes Sonic and Amy through high school from freshman to senior year.



This story will KINDA have the same setting and place from my fan-fic:
Sonic High School: Basketball Season
. If you haven't read it, then here's the setting and place:



Setting: In Atlanta, Georgia, U.S.A.
Place: Wherever I name it.



So sit back, get your popcorn ready (if you got one with you), and enjoy the story.




Prequel


Here lies two people, a male name Maurice 'Sonic' Drummond and a female name Amy Abagail Rose. Both basketball players, both 15 years of age, and both upcoming Freshmen at Knothole Village High School (A.K.A. Knothole High School). These two dream of becoming basketball players in the future. They don't know each other yet, but soon will when it comes to the sport they love with a passion.

For Sonic, he started playing basketball when he was 6 years old. It all started when his mother drop him off at a Young Men's Christian Association place (commonly known as YMCA or simply the Y) so he can hang out and have fun at while his mother goes to work. When he went inside the building, he looks at the open double-doors and saw guys and girls playing basketball and he soon ended up watching them play and smiled at it. When the gym was cleared, he saw a basketball and went to it and starts to play with it. From what it looks like an hour for the rest of the people in the YMCA, he stayed there and played at that gym for three hours. That's how he got the game of basketball in his life.

For Amy, she started playing basketball when she was 8 years old. It all started at an elementary school on a clear, warm sunny day. Her classmates all went outside to play and as the other kids were playing at the playground, Amy got bored and looked to her right and sees a basketball at a open blacktop-like court. She jogs over there and starts to play with it. And from that point on, she starts to like it. That's how she got the game of basketball in her life.

Again, the two hoopers don't know each other yet, but soon will when it comes to the sport they love with a passion.



Chapter 1



Freshman Year: First Day of School




-Monday, August 5, 2013 (6:00 AM)-



-(Sonic's POV)-


"BUZZZZZZ! BUZZZZZZ! BUZZZZZZ!"


"... Ugh, ugh, gggrrrrrrrrr." A male named Maurice 'Sonic' Drummond wakes up and presses the off-button to turn his alarm off. He gets up, wipes his eyes and stretches his arms and legs. Next he gets up out of his bed, went to his bedroom dresser and grabs a undergarment, and went to his bathroom that's next to his bedroom.

The nickname 'Sonic' was given to him from his relatives in the family and some of his friends he knows, because of his super speed he was born with; as well as running in normal foot speed. He can sometimes be called 'Sonic Drummond' in-which Sonic can relate.

He heads to his bathroom sink, turns on the cold water faucet seeing the water running down the sink, and puts his hands on the running water and scoops the water at his face to get his face hydrated for the day. He later looks at the mirror to look at himself: height at 6 feet and 3 inches tall (6'3"), has short twisted hair colored blue, has peach Caucasian skin, and green emerald eyes; he's also in good shape, he has an skinny muscle-built body with buffed muscles on him.

After Sonic was done looking at the mirror, he went to the bathtub (that was behind him), opens the sky blue shower curtains and turns the shower-faucet on and watched the water sprinkling down, he later puts his left hand on the sprinkling water to check the temperature and feels it's warm. Sonic slightly smiled of the warm temperature from the sprinkling water and starts to take off his bed clothes: all-black Air Jordan short and white boxers.

After he was done taking off his bed clothes, he steps inside of the tub and is now taking a shower.


5 Minutes Later...


He turns the shower faucet off, dries himself off, and brushes his teeth. Next he went back into his room, opens his closet, and picks out an outfit and a pair of shoes: a smoke-gray Polo Shirt with a red logo on the right, black loose fit Levi pants, and low-top Chuck Taylor sneakers colored grey and white.

He grabs his backpack, unzips it to double-check to see does he have all of the school supplies he need for the school year:

-Pencils? ...Check.
-Pens? ...Check.
-Paper? ...Check.
-Binders? ...Check.
-Class Schedule?... Check.
-Verizon IPhone 5 on full battery? ...Check.
-Earphones? ...Check.

"Alright, seems like I'm good to go." Sonic said to himself. He zips his backpack, grabs the hook of the backpack, opens his bedroom-door, to the hallway and to the living room.

When he got to the living room, he sees the lights are already on and a female with purple-yellow blond-mixed hair, wearing her purple pajamas (covering her dark Caucasian skin and E-cup breast size), and purple house shoes.

"Hey mom," said Sonic with that cheery-deep voice he has.

"Hey Sonic," said his mother with a light-soft voice. She walks up to her son and kissed his forehead. "You're ready for your first day of school?"

"Yeah, and I'm kinda nervous too going to high school."

"I know sweetie, but remember when stuff goes bad, make sure you get out of it, okay?"

"Okay. Dad must still be in bed sleeping?"

"Yeah."

Sonic's relatives are better known as Bernadette Drummond, also can be known as Bernie; she is Sonic's mother. Sonic's father is Jules Drummond.

Sonic went to the kitchen and made himself cereal. After he ate his cereal, he puts his bowl in the sink, looks at the time as it shows 6:45 AM.

"See ya, mom." Said Sonic as he wave to Bernie.

"Bye. Have a good first day in school." Said Bernie.

Sonic is now walking to his bus stop.


My name is Maurice Drummond, but I'm usually called 'Sonic' at best. I am a 6 feet, 3 inch, 180 pound basketball player playing

Point Guard

. For what it is, I am now a student-athlete at Knothole Village High School, A.K.A. Knothole High School. Basketball has been my favorite sport since I was 4 years old. I take the game serious, because I hate to loose and I work hard to get better. But most importantly, for a Point Guard, I make my teammates better. I have been playing

AAU
(Amateur Athletic Union)
basketball when I was 9 years old. I had scouts coming to me congratulating me of my game. And I have got bunch of letters of the top programs in college.



My life style is laid back, though I can get cocky and arrogant at times. Heh, Heh.



The reason I enroll to Knothole High because it's a basketball-powerhouse school, and I'm fitted for that because I want that competition. I did play for Knothole High in the summer time in the summer league. So I'm already on the team, but I'm not sure though that will I play Varsity or JV
(Junior Varsity)
.



It doesn't matter to me. Because I'm gonna work hard and compete against the guys I will play with and against.



(A/N: This character is, none the less, Sonic the Hedgehog; his relatives are Bernadette "Bernie" Hedgehog (mother) and Jules Hedgehog (father/Bernie's husband).)


-(Amy's POV)-


"BUZZZZZZ! BUZZZZZZ! BUZZZZZZ!"


"... Ugh, ugh, gggrrrrrrrrr." A female named Amy Abagail Rose wakes up and presses the off-button to turn her alarm off. She gets up, wipes her eyes and stretches her arms and legs. Next she gets up out of her bed and takes a shower.

She heads to her bathroom sink, turns on the cold water faucet seeing the water running down the sink, and puts her hands on the running water and scoops the water at her face to get her face hydrated for the day. She later looks at the mirror to look at herself: height at 6 feet tall (6'0"), hair is long that stops at her shoulders colored pink, has peach Caucasian skin, and green emerald eyes; she's also in good shape, she has an average body with some muscles on her, average legs (between thick and thin), her waist is almost narrow, and her breast size are B-cups.

After Amy was done looking at the mirror, she went to the bathtub (that was behind her), opens the emerald green shower curtains and turns the shower-faucet on and watched the water sprinkling down, she later puts her left hand on the sprinkling water to check the temperature and feels it's warm. Amy slightly smiled of the warm temperature from the sprinkling water and starts to take off her bed clothes: all-red Air Jordan short, white 2XL T-Shirt, and white panties.

After she was done taking off her bed clothes, she steps inside of the tub and is now taking a shower.


5 minutes later...


She turns the shower faucet off, dries herself off, and brushes her teeth. Next she went back into her room, opens her closet, and picks out an outfit and a pair of shoes: a sky blue Jordan Shirt that shows the logo on the bottom-left colored yellow and with the purple color on the bottom, white skinny jeans, and Air Jordan VIII sneakers colored white, sky blue, purple and yellow.

She grabs her backpack, unzips it to double-check and see does she have all of the school supplies she need for the school year:

-Pencils? ...Check.
-Pens? ...Check.
-Paper? ...Check.
-Binders? ...Check.
-Schedule? ...Check.
-Sprint Samsung Galaxy S4 phone on full battery? ...Check.
-Earphones? ...Check.

"Alright. I'm good to go." Amy said to herself. She zips her backpack, grabs the hook of the backpack, opens her bedroom-door, to the hallway and to the living room.

When she got to the living room, she sees the lights are already on and a female with red hair that stops at her shoulders, wearing her tan-colored pajamas (covering that is her dark Caucasian skin and D-cup breast size), and white house shoes.

"Hey Mari-An," said Amy with that light-sounded voice she has.

"Hey Amy," said Mari-An with that light-deep voice she has. She walks up to Amy and kissed her right cheek. "You're ready for your first day of school?"

"Yeah, and I'm kinda nervous too going to high school. 'Cus all the boys are gonna probably get my number and all."

"I know sweetie, but remember when stuff goes bad, make sure you get out of it, okay?"

"Okay, Uncle Rob must still be in bed sleeping?"

"Yeah."

Amy's relatives are better known as Mari-Annie "Mari-An" Caine-Hearne. She is Amy's niece as well as Amy's aunt. Amy's uncle and Mari-An's husband is Robert Hearne.

Amy went to the kitchen and made herself cereal. After she ate her cereal, she puts her bowl in the sink, looks at the time as it shows 6:45 A.M.

"See ya, Mari-An," said Amy as she wave to her aunt.

"Bye. Have a good first day in school." Said Mari-An.

Amy is now walking to her bus stop.


My name is Amy Abagail Rose. I am a 6 foot, 150 pound basketball player that plays Shooting Guard. For what it is, I am a student-athlete at Knothole Village High School, A.K.A. Knothole High School. Basketball has been my favorite sport since I was 8 years old. I take the game serious, because I hate to loose and I work hard to get better. I have been playing

AAU
(Amateur Athletic Union)
basketball when I was 9 years old. I had scouts coming to me congratulating me of my game. And I have got bunch of letters of the top programs in college.



My life style is somewhat expressive, though I can get cocky and arrogant at times. Heh, Heh.



The reason I enroll to Knothole High because it's a basketball-powerhouse school, and I'm fitted for that because I want that competition. I did play for Knothole High in the summer time in the summer league. So I'm already on the team, but I'm not sure though that will I play Varsity or JV
(Junior Varsity)
.



It doesn't matter to me. Because I'm gonna work hard and compete against the girls I will play with and against.



(A/N: This character is Amy Rose the Hedgehog; her relatives are Mari-An Echidna (cousin-in-law) and Robert "Rob" O'Hedge (cousin/Mari-An's husband).)


-(Normal POV)-

The two hoopers all arrived at their bus stop, standing next to a stop sign, as they are now waiting on their bus. Little did they know, they live in the same block on different addresses of a four-way road. Sonic looks to his right and sees a pink-haired person who looks like a female, but ignored her as he's now putting his headphones on listening to Rich Kidz on his IPhone 5. Amy look to her left and sees a blue-haired person who looks like a male, but also ignored him as she's putting her headphones on listening to Chris Brown on her Samsung Galaxy Phone.

Ten minutes later, their bus number 774 came. That's right, they ride the same bus. The two got on the bus and was greeted by a brown skinned female with black short hair (who looks a little chubby, wearing her grey hoodie, smoke grey jogging pants, and all-black Nike Air Max's) who's their bus driver. The two sat on their seats as Sonic is sitting in the far back to his left and Amy is sitting three seats below in the back to her right and in front of Sonic. Their bus driver closed the doors and drove off to its next destination.


5 Minutes Later...


The bus driver made a stop to pick up other students. At the bus stop, there's a male and a female. The male has light-dark Caucasian skin with yellow/orange hair in natural waves and blue colored eyes; wearing a plain white T-Shirt, tan-colored cargo pants with two fox tails clipped onto each (left and right) side at an belt-loop, and all-white low-top Nike Air Force 1's; and what's kind of weird is that male has two tails clipped on one side each on his backpack. The female has light Caucasian skin with a C-cup breast size, brown-colored hair that stops underneath her shoulders, and brown-colored eyes; wearing a plain fitted orange T-Shirt, sky blue skinny jeans, and orange and white low-top Nike Air Force 1's.

The two students walked on the bus as the male yellow-orange hair teen sat next to Sonic and the female brown haired teen sat next to Amy.

"Hey Tails," said Sonic, "long time no see."

"I know right." Said Tails.

The young man's name is Miles Prower, sometimes called "Tails" because of his two tails clipped on both sides of his paints. Tails and Sonic have been best friends since they were nine years old playing AAU basketball together. The two have been best friends ever since. Sonic even calls him his brother and Tails doesn't mind being called brother from him.

"So," said Sonic, "ready for the first day of school?" He asked Tails.

"Yeah, and I'm kinda nervous though to tell you the truth."

"I know homie. I bet all the girls are gonna come to us for our number."

"That's IF that will happen to you. To me, I don't know."


To Amy and the brown haired teen...


"Hey Cream," said Amy with little excitement, "I missed you."

"Aaaww I missed you too Amy." Said Cream.

The young lady's name is Alison "Cream" Honbria. Amy and Cream have been best friends since 3rd grade. And they played AAU ball together. Oh, and the reason Amy calls her best friend Alison "Cream", is because she likes ice cream.
(A/N: That character is Cream the Rabbit.)


"So," said Amy, "are you nervous and excited on the first day of school?" She asked Cream.

"Yeah, but I'm REALLY nervous though."

"Hey it's okay, you just gotta take a deep breath and feel the jitters coming out of ya when you step inside school campus and the school building."

Cream is excited to start her freshman year in high school, but at the same time she's nervous because she don't know how people are going to react to her.


20 minutes later...


Their school bus arrived on campus at the back of the school as a plaque at the side-entrance titled...


Knothole Village High School



Home of the Warriors


By the view of the school, it looks big and spaced out that goes to floor 1 through 4. Amy, Cream, Sonic, Tails, and everybody else all got out of the bus and began to walk to the cafeteria of where the students are at eating breakfast.

Inside the cafeteria, it has four lunch/breakfast lines as Sonic and Tails are in Line 2 while Amy and Cream are in Line 3. Inside the kitchen they are serving Chicken Biscuit, cheese grits, portable Frosted Flakes cereal, and Trix cereal bars. For the drinks they got milk (of course) with chocolate, white milk, strawberry, and vanilla. Along with orange, grape, and apple juice.

Sonic grabs a Chicken Biscuit, a Trix cereal bar, and white milk. Tails grabs a portable Frosted Flakes cereal and white milk. Amy grabs a chicken biscuit and a chocolate milk. And Cream grabs a Trix cereal bar and a chocolate milk.

The four guys and girls all ate their breakfast as they now are having a conversation to one another.

"So Sonic," said Tails, "how you diggin' here in this school."

Sonic answered, "Tails, it's only the first day of school, and the first day of me coming here. Right now I'm just gonna kick back and chill, do my school work of course, and play basketball." Tails agreed of what his best friend said.

At Amy and Cream's table...

"So Cream," said Amy, "you still feel nervous?"

Cream answered, "A little. Hey why don't you and me look at our schedules and see what classes we have."

Amy smiled and shrugged her left shoulder, "Sure okay... again." She said that because her and Cream looked at their schedules before when they were at Knothole High's enrollment few days ago.

The two girls looked at their schedules... again, and see what classes do they have. For Amy, she got Math1 first period, Environmental Science second period, Civics third period, and Physical Education(P.E.)/Health fourth period. For homeroom, she got Mrs. Ruby. For Cream, she got Physical Education(P.E.)/Health first period, Math1 second period, English-Language Arts third period, and Civics fourth period. For homeroom, she also got Mrs. Ruby.

The two guys also looked at their schedules... again, and see what classes do they have. For Sonic, he got Civics first period, Physical Science second period, Math1 third period, and Physical Education(P.E.)/Health fourth period. For homeroom, he got Mrs. Ruby. For Tails, he got Engineering first period, Computer Application 1 second period, AP Math third period, and Physical Education(P.E.)/Health fourth period. For homeroom, he got Mrs. Ruby.


(A/N: Tails' a genius so yeah, go figure)


What a coincidence, Sonic and Amy have P.E. fourth period, Tails has academic performance(AP) classes except fourth period, and all of them have Mrs. Ruby for homeroom.

Moments later, the school's intercom began to turn on as an announcement is about to start. Says a female with a soft-deep voice,
"Good morning students.

This is your principle Mrs. Lupe Belafonte speaking. We would like to welcome you to the first day of school here in Knothole Village High School; hoping to have a great year. Now when the bell rings, I want all the students to report to homeroom. I repeat. I want all the students to report. Toooooo...Home-room. Thank you and have a great morning; as well as a great day."
End of announcement.
(A/N: That character is Lupe Wolf.)


[*School Bell Rings*]

The school bell rang as all students report to their assigned homerooms. Out in the hallways, court yard and cafeteria, some of the students are all looking for their class rooms, while some aren't because some know where they are at. For Sonic, Tails, Cream, and Amy, they are looking for their homeroom as they were giving directions by one of the teachers/staff members they asked as the exact room number is 105.

Sonic and Tails started walking to the 100 to 150 wing, with each class room (including sophomore, junior and senior hallways), divided by odd numbers on one side and even numbers on the other side, as they found their homeroom on their right. Seeing the door is open, they looked and see that nobody is there, signaling they're the first ones in the classroom. They walk in and see Mrs. Ruby (who's about 5 feet and 4 inches with light brown skin color wearing her work clothes - a white long-sleeved dress shirt along with a black sports-jacket, black work pants, and black flats) sitting where her desk is at as it's located to the front of the class on the left side next to the window next to her Smart Board (touch screen board) on the right. Next, they see desks lined up from row 1 to 4 with 4 desks each, totaling 16 desks. Lastly, Sonic and Tails decides to sit on the second row to the left, next to each other, and both starts to listen to Rich Homie Quan from Sonic's IPhone 5.

Then Amy and Cream came to the 100 to 110 wing as they found their homeroom on their left. Seeing the door is open, they see the blue-haired guy and yellow/orange-haired guy they seen from the bus they ride on, and Mrs. Ruby sitting where her desk is at as it's located to the front of the class on the left side next to the window next to her Smart board (touch screen board) on the right. Next, they see desks lined up from row 1 to 4 with 4 desks each, totaling 16 desks. Lastly, Amy and Cream decides to sit on the first row to the left in front of Sonic and Tails, next to each other, and both starts to listen to their own music.

The two saw each other from their bus stops and inside the bus they ride on, but didn't say a word to each other... yet.


End of Chapter 1




There's chapter 1 folks.



Now lets get started with the names of Maurice 'Sonic' Drummond (Sonic the Hedgehog) and Amy Abagail Rose,



Let's start with Amy Abagail Rose, but her last name Rose won't be mentioned. In French, the name "Amy" means-
Dearly loved; Beloved
, meaning she likes to be loved, including being around and (of course) chasing Sonic. In Israeli, the name "Abagail" means-
gives joy
, meaning she gives joy to everyone of her friends including who she is helping. For example- in Sonic '06, Amy was helping Silver to find the "Iblis Trigger", which happens to be Sonic but (spoil alert for the ones who didn't play Sonic '06) it was actually Mephiles who started it all.



Now for Maurice 'Sonic' Drummond (Sonic the Hedgehog). The first name Maurice is the adaptation of his middle name from the Archie Comics; in which you'll find out soon in this story.

The last name Drummond is also the adaptation from English voice actor Ryan
Drummond
, who use to voice Sonic from 1998 to 2004.



If you liked this chapter so far, leave a review and tell me what you think.


>