

Disclaimer: I do not own the Percy Jackson series, books, or characters.


A/N: So, many people don't read the ANs so I'll make this quick. The more threats I get the more I'm not going to post, even if I've already finished the chapter. Usually, after I finish I post automatically, but if you are rude when asking for an update I will not update. Asking: "Please update" Is fine, but swearing is not.



Oh, FYI, I am posting ALL of my stories on Wattpad. So, if you want to read this story on the go then check it out. It is the same username: PerseusJFAN1016



I am also going to be posting a new story that I had an idea about. It is only going to be on wattpad as it is not a fanfiction.



(MY polite way of saying, please don't have made my time posting it on wattpad a waste. Check it out as soon as you can if you have wattpad.)



Thank you,



-Peter



Reminder to vote on the poll


POV: Percy

I would like to say that I was completely calm and didn't cringe or cower, but that would be completely lying. I ran out of the room and straight to my father's personal room. Zoe the entire time was hot on my heels, her face one of pure anger. I was too much of a coward to face her there, I was going to regret putting off this fight.

"Percy, concentrate." I was supposed to be levitating some tea into Chaos' cup but instead the entire table was overflowing with boiling hot water.

"Opps" I swiped my hand and everything disappeared. I mean everything. I face palmed and brought back the furniture.

"You are out of it today." He commented

"No" I replied, not willing to share what had just happened five minutes ago

"Yes, you are because instead of opening a portal to enter the training grounds you have been trying to serve me tea." Damn it! I knew that something seemed strange. I have him a sheepish glance because sighing and making myself a chair to sit down on.

"It's Zoe" I sighed

"She is angry at you." He said, smiling as if it was an easy thing to deal with

"Yes"

"She is always angry at you."

Yes, again. However, I did not want to admit it so I just kept my mouth shut. I've learnt it is sometimes better to do so.

"Perhaps you should try explaining it sometimes." He said and my temper flared, but I kept it in. I wanted so much to damage something in the room, but I knew better than to do that.

"I don't know what to say." I replied, after taking a few moments to calm myself down.

"You could start by telling the truth." I think this was not about the episode today. I think he was talking about the many times that I've lied to her. Well, in my defense, it was not my own fault. I was sworn into secrecy.

Charlie, Luke, and I made a top secret pranking club, and to be honest, I did not want to get kicked out. Pranking was and is still my life. Zoe was never going to stop me, no matter how many times I would have to hide in the closet of my room.

"I can't do that" I said, slowly.

"I know, you have a secret pranking club that isn't so secret. It needs to stop if you want to impress Zoe, she knows about it."

"But-" I was cut off

"Trust me" He said, staring intently at me. I just gave up. I was still not admitting anything to her. "Well, we are done. You can leave now" He waved his hand and we were now in my room.

Chaos winked at me, before disappearing. Right when he left, a couple seconds later, I heard a knock on my door, followed by a very angry sounding Zoe calling out my name.

"Aw, shit" I was hoping to have more time, before Zoe showed up.

"Percy, I know you are in there!" She screeched, I winched and went to the door. I was dreading this moment, but I knew it had to be done.

*Couple screaming matches later*

"Percy, come on man." Charlie was attempting to get me to come out of my room. "We're going to be late for the classes we have."

"No" I stubbornly persisted. Zoe and I had made up, but I had heard that she was going to use someone for target practice during an archery lesson...

"She isn't going to use you" He rolled his eyes, but I just knew it. "Don't be a wimp" Oh no he did not!

"Excuse me?" I stormed out of the closet and right crossed him in the face

"Damn, you are fast" He said, rubbing the side of his face.

"I know" I said, giving him the evil eye. I was now out of the closet and he grabbed hold of me before I could escape. Well, darn. I guess I had to go to the archery lesson now.

"It won't be that bad" He explained on the way. Still dragging me against my will. I would call it kidnapping but I think it was a little too extreme for what was happening at the moment.

"Percy!" Zoe exclaimed when she saw me, being dragged by Charlie. "Over here, be the demonstrator of a person who is bad at archery. It won't be too hard for you. I believe most of the campers know that any son of Poseidon is bad." She smirked. I hated being called a son of Poseidon. I was a son of Chaos.

I took the bow and arrow and for once in my life, without the Jayden picture, I shot a perfect bullseyes. It was right in the middle of the target, Apollo's kids would be jealous. I turned around and saw her jaw dropped. I gave her a grin before walking off towards my new cabin.

I only shared it with Charlie, even though he wanted to bunk with his old cabin... I insisted though, because he was now a part of the army of Chaos. The rest of the soldier got a different cabin, as Chaos only gifted me the cabin because I was his child. However, I was allowed to let anyone else sleep in the cabin, if I wanted.

Luke definitely took advantage of this because he still didn't like his father or the Olympians after what happened to him. I can't blame the guy, I hate them all as well.

Anyways getting off topic, well, after I entered the cabin, which was pitch black on the outside. Inside had wallpaper of the different constellations. I enjoyed it, it was awesome and completely described Chaos, my father.

He was like the universe out into one being, which was crazy but some how possible. I was dumbfounded to be honest sometimes. Being a son of Chaos did not mean I got smarter, much to Zoe's dismay. I wasn't sure if it was a good or bad thing. I think it was good, but I could never be too sure about anything.

I flopped down on my bed and turned so I could put my face straight into the pillow.

"Ugh" I sighed "Why does stuff like this happen to me?" I was referring to the fact I had to come back down here.

I was enjoying hanging in space and the Chaos Academy of Demi-gods. It was soo cool there, and being with my father was just awesome. There were no rules about hanging with anyone and everything was going great, until we had to come here. It seems that the gods would never have enough fun ruining my life.

They were becoming like a tattoo I could not get rid of, no matter what I tried. I saved them twice, but they are still unable to get someone else to save them this time. They had Jayden didn't they. I grinned at the thought of Jayden saving anyone. He was useless and everyone knew it, they just didn't want to admit it.

"Percy!" A yell vibrated through the walls and I thought it was Zoe coming to skin me alive, but it wasn't. Charlie and Luke came bursting into my room. Usually I would have yelled at them for the invasion of my privacy, but the look on their faces told me they had no choice. Something was going on and it was bad.

"What happened?" I asked, desperate to get the news so I could help and get off this place as soon as I could.

"You need to see this" He replied, motioning and I followed him running.

When we got there my jaw dropped. Thousands of demi-gods were lined up, outside of the borders. They were not the Romans or the Greeks. They were most of the demi-gods that had perished in the wars before.

I saw some that I knew, but was not expecting one of my half-brothers to step up and speak for the rest of them.

Orion, I never liked him anyways, but I felt the betrayal. Chaos had brought him back and we trained with him, only for him to betray us. Chaos was not going to be happy about this.

"Hand over Jackson or else, we will unleash the Soldiers of Tartarus against you!" He yelled and the soldiers cheered. I don't know what the other side offered to the demigods, but it must have been something good because there were a lot. Many more than the soldiers that Chaos had loaned to me.

We had trained our soldiers well, but I wasn't sure how well we would do being out numbered. The other soldiers were likely well trained, Orion was a good soldier and student, he rose through the ranks. By ranks I mean he got very good marks in the academy.

The academy after all prepared us for the real army that was too follow. Not many made it to the army. I've never meant anyone in the true army yet. Chaos only let the best of the best. I was disappointed that I was not chosen already, but I could dread on this now.

I just hoped that by some saving grace the borders would recognise that Orion and the army behind them were not friends of Camp Half-Blood. It would save us the time of having to battle. A battle that we could and would most likely lose.

"Fine, if that is what you wish" He bellowed before charging at the border. I close my eyes, not wanting to see the results. Beside me the demi-gods tense, preparing themselves mentally for the battle that could come. I was strong, but not that strong. I could not fight the entire army and win, even with the amount of demigods by my side.

We were outnumbered three to one.

I thought back to Zoe. If the border held, then I promised myself that I would never tease Zoe and lie to her again, that was how desperate I was.

>