


A/N: I felt like getting away from Different from before (I'm not stopping it, it just won't be two a week, probably) and O.C's in general to focus on an AU based in an unnamed part of Canada. I'm using Canada because, A, that's where I'm from and, B, I want it to snow. I always wanted to write one. Also I wanted to write a black rose story because they're my favourites. So why not do both at the same time? So without further ado, the first chapter of the musicians…


A red jean jacket lay upon the edge of a wooden bed of red and black sheets. It was beside a large suitcase which appeared to be packed to the brim with supplies. On the other side of the jacket was a very pricy looking laptop with a not so expensive looking case beside it which contained speakers and a place for the laptop itself. A commotion could be heard outside. "I'm coming!" A girl yelled before busting into the room. She had on a rather old looking pair of jeans and a black t-shirt.

Her name was Ruby Rose.

She ran towards her bed and through the jacket on and placed the laptop into the case before shutting it. She grabbed the case in one hand and her suitcase in the other and returned quickly into the entrance of her room. As she descended down the stairs a blonde girl looked up at her. "About time! I want to get to check out the campus before the end of the day!" She explained. "Yang, if you wanted to go faster, you could have helped me get ready" Ruby snapped back. "Yeah, well I have myself to take care of too" Yang responded. "Ugh, let's just get going" Ruby conceded.

The two sisters left their house after saying their goodbyes to Ruby's uncle and adopted father, but Yang's actual father. "You're driving first half, I want to get some sleep before we get there" Yang said. That got a snicker out of Ruby. "That's because you woke up at five in the morning to take care of your lion's mane that you call hair" Yang got slightly offended at that. "Well at least I take care of it" She retorted.

Ruby just sighed as they shut the trunk after placing their belongings inside. "Yang, I take care of my hair, I just don't like it long. If I didn't take care of it, I wouldn't have the red on the ends" She held a couple of strands up to emphasize her point. "Ah you're right, we shouldn't be fighting. We are going to signal college to become musicians. Me for bass and you for, um… DJ… ing" Yang admitted. "Yang, I've told you a million times. I create electronic music, while DJ's use other peoples music. I'm an artist" She ended with a cross of the arms. Yang just rolled her eyes "How do you think people will react to us and our, you know…?" She wanted Ruby to fill in the blanks.

"To our sexual preference? You get off easy because you like both, while I on the other hand only like girls. We'll deal though" Ruby said while placing a hand on her older sister's shoulder. "It is cool that we get to go together, though. Me trying to get better at playing the bass and waiting a year before coming, and you, being smart and earning a scholarship in the eleventh grade. I'm still proud of you, by the way" Yang said while looking off into the distance. The sun was still low in the sky and it was quite a beautiful sight. Yang placed a loving kiss on the side of her sister's head. Ruby gave her a hug before entering the driver side of the car.

They were a third of the way there when it was around lunch time. It was a ten hour car ride to beacon, so this didn't surprise Ruby. She pulled into a rest stop where she saw three options, KFC, Tim Horton's and Mc Donald's. She didn't feel like a burger, so she decided on the other. She shook her sister on the shoulder, which made her eyes flutter open after a few seconds. "Hey, am I driving now?" She asked forcing a smile. "No, but you will be in a couple of hours. It's eleven-thirty, what do you want to eat? We got Timmy's, Mickey D's and KFC" Ruby asked back. "Oh, um, a large coffee and whatever you're eating" Yang responded as she lifted herself into a proper sitting position and letting out a groan.

"Ok, I'll just get us a family bucket. Should last us for lunch and dinner. A double-double, right?" Ruby attempted to clarify. Yang simply nodded.


Twenty minutes later…


Ruby returned to the car, food in hand and was tapping on the window to make yang look up from her phone and unlock the door. She entered and sat in the driver's seat and put the food between them and the coffee's in the cup holders. Yang rummaged through the bag of chicken until she pulled out a drumstick and took a bite. "Thang gue" She mumbled through a full mouth. "No problem. There are napkins in the bag" Ruby said while chuckling at her sister.

They began to drive again as they ate. Ruby didn't eat as much as Yang because, one, she was driving, and two, she was a good bit smaller than her. An hour later after they had both had their fill Yang decided to start a conversation. "So, what are you going to do when we get there?" She asked. "Well, we have to get roommates. After that I might come with you to check out school grounds, or decorate my dorm a bit" Ruby explained. "Oh, ok, well we shouldn't spend too long walking around because it'll be late by the time we get there and I want to meet people before the day ends" That was the end of their talking for a while.

Another hour past and Ruby pulled into another rest stop. "What's up?" Yang asked as Ruby put the car in park. "I have to use the bathroom and it's your turn to drive" Ruby told her as she got out of the car and stretched.

Ruby returned a couple minutes later holding two bottles of water in her hands and saw that Yang had already moved to the other side and saw her approaching. She unlocked the door again and Ruby stepped inside. The seat was warm from Yang sitting in it for so long. She handed her sister a bottle to which Yang responded with a smile and a grateful nod. Once again they began their journey towards what would be four years of their life. As they pulled out Ruby turned the radio back on. They listened and argued over radio stations until they settled on putting Yang's ipod on shuffle and leaving it.


Five hours later, beacon academy…


Yang turned the car into the student parking lot and shook her sister awake. "We here?" She mumbled as she rubbed her eyes. "Yup, we're her, sis. Now we just have to, uh, go to the main desk I guess" Yang was just guessing, but that seemed correct. "Ok, let's get a move on, then. It's already sunset" Ruby was slowly getting back to her rather hyper self.

They walked along until they saw a man in a bowler hat and a cane walking along the pathway going the opposite direction. "Hey, man, um, do you know where the main de…" Yang was cut off. "…Desk is? Sure, I've been asked the same question for the past few hours by newly arriving students, which I assume you are. I'm professor Torchwick, nice to meet you, the front desk is over there" He said with his voice basically dripping with confidence. "Oh, thank you, sir. See you…" Ruby said while pulling her sister along.

As they entered they noticed how seemingly fancy the interior was. Most of it was made of some sort of smooth stone and a couple windows were stained glass. They walked into the office which in quite the contrast to the atrium, was made mostly of finely crafted wood. "Um, hi, we're here to, sign in I guess. Ruby Rose and Yang Xiao Long" Ruby wasn't the best in her social skills, but at least she tried. The person behind the desk typed something into the computer before looking back up at them.

"Yes, hello Miss Rose. It seems you and Miss Xiao Long here are to share a room because of your family relations. Here are your student IDs" She said as she held out her hand which held two rectangle plastic objects. They reached out and grabbed them and starred at the writing and picture to make sure nothing was done wrong. After they found the cards were in order, they thanked the receptionist as they left.

"So, room 425, seems easy enough. We just have to get to the dorm building and…" Ruby was walking backwards while talking and she walked right into someone else. The two in the collision fell to the ground with a thud. Ruby rolled off whoever she was on top of and looked at the person. It was someone who was dressed in almost all white. "Oh sorry, um…" Ruby tried. "Ah, my head… what, did you run into me!?" The girl asked, obviously mad. "Yeah, sorry, um, I don't know your name" Ruby attempted again while getting up and offering to help the other girl up with her hand.

The girl in white grabbed it and hoisted herself onto her feet. She let out a breath and realized she may have gone overboard in yelling. "Sorry for shouting, I just haven't had a great morning. I'm Weiss, Weiss Schnee" She admitted. "Schnee as in…" Ruby began, but was halted by the other giving an exasperated sigh. "Yes, as in the gas company. We get the gas ourselves and distribute it. I try to not get too involved in my father's company" She said almost like was being interviewed. She had clearly been asked this question many times.

"Well, I'm Ruby and this is Yang. Sorry again for tripping into you" Ruby said in a very timid voice. "Good to meet you, what class are you here for mainly?" Weiss asked. "Music, both of us" Yang decided to join the conversation. Weiss seemed to brighten up at that. "Oh, so am I. Violin, you?" she asked. "Electronic, and Yang here plays bass" Ruby answered. "Electronic, huh? I don't care for it myself, but I have respect for all artists" Weiss explained. "Yeah, it's a different type of difficult from normal music. While there's no instrument to learn, you have to know what sounds good and make it yourself, instead of playing someone else's creation. I'm not saying that I don't respect musicians who play instruments, that must be extremely difficult, especially the violin" Ruby had tried to say that in the most none insulting way possible.

"Don't worry, I'm not offended" Weiss said, trying to calm the other girl down. Ruby looked down at the amount of bags she was carrying before she had run into her. There were at least five bags on the ground around her. "Do you want help with those?" She asked, gesturing to the luggage. "Sure, I guess I did over pack a little, thanks" Weiss thanked. As they were walking back Weiss spoke up again. "I had a friend that was supposed to help me bring this up with me, but she had to go do something. She just so happened to be my roommate, so I can give her an earful later"

They approached her room and placed her stuff down in the hallway. "Hey Yang, our dorm is just over there. This is 423" Ruby pointed out. Weiss gave her thanks and entered her room carrying her luggage in her arms. The two sisters walked down the hall and did the same. The room was rather bare, but was big enough for the two girls. They placed their stuff down and lied down on their separate beds. They both let out a sigh and quickly fell asleep, completely forgetting about their plans to walk around campus.


A/N: So there's chapter one done. Chapter two will be up probably by this weekend. I wanted to make Weiss nicer in this than she is in the show because in the real world no one would except her with her usual attitude. Hope you enjoyed! Reviews always welcome, good or bad. Writing this and my other story is a learning experience for me, so I want feedback. Hope you all have a good night!


>