


Guess who's not dead?!


The two walked along the cobblestone path, still holding each other's hand. "So this is a thing, right?" Ruby asked.

"Yes, Ruby" Blake answered with a small giggle at the girls need for clarification.

"Like, dating?" Ruby asked.

"Yes Ruby" Blake said slightly exaggerated, but still laughing all the same.

Ruby turned her head and looked the other girl up and down. "How'd I manage to woo you in a matter of days?" She asked in amazement.

Blake sighed. She stopped in her tracks and stared at the shorter girl. "Firstly, you did not woo me. I do not get wooed. Second, I started to have feelings for you because you're, cute, nice, seem rather selfless, but most importantly, you're accepting. Do you know what people have done to me just because of these?" Blake's ears wiggled slightly under her bow.

"Blake, you don't have t-" Ruby was cut off.

Blake held up her spare hand so her fingers could be used to express her point. "I've been beaten…"

one

"Stoned…"

two

"Called racial slurs…"

three

"Abandoned…"

four

"And hated…"

five

"Just because of these" Her ears wiggled underneath her bow. She used her now open hand to cup Ruby's cheek. "But you don't care about them. Actually, if I didn't know any better, I'd think you
liked
them"

A faint blush dusted Ruby's cheeks. Blake giggled at the sight and kissed her on the forehead. "Come on, we should go tell the others so this is not like some crappy romantic comedy where the couple have to hide their relationship for some stupid, or in some cases, no reason at all" Blake suggested. Ruby nodded and the two walked along once again.


Sometime later…


"Sooo… wait, what?" Yang asked confused.

"Ruby and I are dating, Yang" Blake deadpanned.

"Oh… well good for you guys, I guess" Yang added blatantly.

"Wait! What?! Blake, you never told me you were gay!" Weiss was utterly confused.

"Why does it bother you so much?" Blake asked.

"W-well… I found you attractive… I guess" Weiss trailed off.

"Wait, so we're all gay?" Yang asked.

Ruby thought about it for a second. "Yeah, I guess so"

Yang dawned a devilish smirk across her face. "Hey Weiss, want to go see a movie with me tonight?" She asked nonchalantly, keeping the smirk.

Weiss was taken aback and ended doing a small spit take with the coffee she was drinking. "W-well, I d-don't see why not" She said with a small huff while turning to the side and crossing her arms. Noticing her coffee stained attire, Weiss excused herself. "I'm sorry, it seems I need to change" With that, she left the room.

The remaining occupants glanced at each other for a moment, before letting out the snickers they were holding in. "Nice" Ruby called as she rose up her arm. Yang slapped her sister's hand in an affective high-five.

"No need for flattery, sis. You know I've always been good at that" Yang chided.

"Since when did you have a thing for the princess?" Blake asked. Yang just shrugged. "Well, she not that used to being asked out, or going on dates in general. So don't tease her too much, or she'll have a rotten time" Blake advised.

"Blake, I know you're looking out for her, you seem like you've been friends a long time, but I know how to treat a lady" Yang laughed slightly. Blake gave a small nod in response. They all turned to see the heiress re-enter the room. "Sorry for the wait, I had to find something suitable to change into" Suitable wasn't the right word. It was appropriate, if she was trying to get every guy in the school to have to have to sit down or turn away to hide their erections, but Blake knew what she was trying to do. She giggled at the look on Yang's face as she stared at the snow haired girl.

Weiss was wearing a pair of tight, white short-shorts and a tight fitting blue tank top. Blake assumed her parents didn't know about either of these items, considering her usual apparel of blouses and sun dresses. Her parents had very high standards for what their only heir wore and her public appearance. They didn't want her to come off as anything less than great.

Weiss didn't want Yang to think of her as some flat-chested, stuck-up rich girl. She was wearing something that said "I can have fun too" Blake snapped out of her trance when she realized Ruby was talking.

"-reat on you, Weiss. I didn't ever think I'd ever see you LOOK at anything that short.
Reow!"
Ruby kidded. No matter the joke, she still got a well-deserved elbow from Blake. "Ooof! Oww, I totally earned that" Blake looked over to see Weiss' flushed face.

"So, tonight's good then. I'll have to search up movie times" Yang asked.

"That sounds… lovely, Yang" Weiss managed to get out without sounding like a cowering schoolgirl, much to her surprise.

"Well then, it's a date. I'll see you guys later. I'll text you with the time, 'kay princess?" Yang didn't wait for a response. She got up, ruffled Weiss' hair slightly, and left to her and Ruby's own dorm.

They sat there for a moment in silence, looking at each other.

"Hey Blake, if they're going out tonight, why don't we? I mean, we could do anything. We're all new around here, so let's just pick something that isn't going to a movie" Ruby offered.

"I wouldn't mind if you guys tagged along" Weiss said.

"Ah ah, no dice, Weiss. You're not getting any support from us. She asked
you
on a date.
You,
not us. We're going to have a lovely night of… um…" Blake looked to Ruby for support.

"Dinner?" Ruby asked. Blake shook her head. "Too cliché. Is there anything else to do around here at this time of year?" She asked. Ruby thought about it for a moment.

"How about the carnival?" She suggested.

"Carnival?" Blake asked with a tilt of the head.

"Yup, it's called the fall festival. It celebrates the end of summer and the beginning of autumn. It comes around every city in the province in the start of September. I remember me, Yang and mom would go there every year" Ruby sighed and thought of all the happy memories. She turned to her left and saw Blake starring off with a less than happy face on. "Blake… did I say something wrong?" Ruby asked.

Blake's eyes shot up quickly. "Nonono, it's just… I never really had parents. At least… not for long. So you talking about these fun experiences have me a little jealous" Blake admitted.

"You don't need to be. Mom's not around anymore" Ruby said, kicking her feet.

"…um, guys? Do you want me to leave?" Weiss' voice spoke up. Ruby and Blake's heads spun around. They didn't remember Weiss even
existed,
let alone was in the room. They felt pretty bad about it, too.

"No, we're really sorry, Weiss! Do you have anything to say?" Ruby asked.

"No. I'm just going to go get ready for tonight" Weiss said. She stood up and walked into the bathroom.

"Well, I'm going to go get ready for now. I'll text you with the time. That is, if you still want to go" Ruby asked, realizing she never got an answer. Blake just nodded. "Cool, I'll see you then" And with that, Ruby walked out the door.

>