


Chapter One



(There won't be any 'due date' for this story because this will take a while. Just a heads up, this story will be a combination of


Matilda, James and the Giant Peach,


and


Matilda: The Musical


.



(Kind of) Like the previous story,


The Birchwood Twin(s) in The Wizard of Oz, Peaches and Powers


is going to be a rather 'musical' story



but it probably won't have as many songs that will be performed by the characters.



I'm sorry if I'm not making any sense with this notice.



Anyway, enjoy this story and life as it goes!



-imaginarytoon1



PS:

I'm not trying to ruin any of your childhood memories as I write these stories with some parts that have been changed a little bit. I just have a very bad habit of spicing things up and add things that just come to me.)



Beatrice:


A few months passed and so far, I'm recovering from my long on-and-off (sometimes I feel like the break is going by slowly and sometimes it's coming and going too quickly) Christmas and New Year break. Christmas was good. I met up with some distant relatives and got some really nice presents (a piano songbook as thick as a
Harry Potter
book, a blue sweater about four sizes too big, and a pocket tape recorder) when Christmas day came. On New Year's Eve, I stayed up until one thirty in the morning, not because of drinking too many sodas, but because I was still wide awake after playing
Celebration
on the piano as soon as the first day of January came.

Not only that I'm recovering from my holiday break, I'm also recovering from some unfortunate events that happened at school. Like three weeks after the first day of school, Angie stole my homework one day and wrote her name on my advanced algebra worksheets. Luckily, my math teacher, Mr. Shard, caught Angie and gave her a two-month detention sentence. When October came, my grades were rigged by one of my ex-boyfriends (I'm saying that he somehow hacked into the school grading website and started to change my straight 'A' pluses to 'F's.). Dad had to take action on that and my ex had to go to the juvenile detention center, due to hacking into the school's grading website and for beating up six students. Then, finally, a girl student who I didn't even know hid an inappropriate magazine and a beer bottle in my backpack. She, too, was also taken to the juvenile detention center for lying to the principal and doing 'second-degree' harassment on juniors (I'm a junior) and seniors.

But despite of those unfortunate events, I, pretty much, enjoyed the fall semester of my school year.

Final exams were pieces of cake for me. 'A's on every single exam and the holiday break is my reward for hard work, perseverance, and accountability.

The only weird thing that I was constantly thinking about since the conclusion of my journey in Oz is Judge Doom. Yen Sid specifically told me that Tommy and I need to keep our eyes peeled for the evil judge and make sure that we don't give ourselves up or let our fear and anger get out of control or Judge Doom will come to life as somebody else and try to take over the world by taking our hearts away.

Yeah, it's really crazy and scary.

But the whole destiny thing is also very exciting despite of how crazy and scary it's going to be as time passes.

Anyway, as I was walking to the kitchen, I heard Dad talking.

"Now, Scarlett, I want you to be reasonable with Beatrice. You know the new rule of this house." He said.


What's going on?
I thought.

I walked away from the kitchen and, silently, took off running to my parents' room. Their conversation grew louder as I was getting closer and closer.

Finally, after a few seconds of running, I stopped when I was close to the door frame but not so close that Mom and Dad can see me eavesdropping on them.

"The new rule was that once Beatrice and Tommy are old enough, when I go out of town, they're in charge of the household." Dad said.


I don't what kind of rule that Dad just made right there,
I thought,
but that sounds like a good and bad rule.


"But why do Beatrice and Tommy have to be in charge?" Mom whined.

"Remember when Beatrice stopped talking after Kaitlyn died? Remember the way you would reject Beatrice's kindness and cooperation every time she would try to make you happy?" Dad asked. "Do you also remember the way you would always abuse Beatrice with your words and she had a hard time talking to you? I don't like the way that you've been treating Beatrice and how you're not always very responsible with the way that you're spending your money and how you are ignoring her suggestions that are supposed to help you have a better mother-daughter relationship."


Hold on. Back up.
I thought.
Dad, are you saying that after I suggested to Mom about going to the book clubs and going to see Mr. Anderson, she doesn't go to any of those places? But wait. If Mom didn't try out the book clubs, then why does her vocabulary sound…much better?


"Now, Scarlett," Dad began, "I will be gone for a couple of months and I expect you to be on your best behavior until I come back."

I gasped in my head and I ran away from the room.

I don't know why Dad is going away for a couple of months but I just hope that it's nothing serious or bad. I hope that he's not filing for a divorce and is beginning to look for another home and job.


Please, Daddy.
I thought.
Don't file for divorce. Even though Mom and I have a dysfunctional mother-daughter relationship, I can still try to get along with her, one way or another.


As I was about to walk back to the kitchen and pretend that nothing happened, Tommy ran up to me in worry.

"Tommy, what's the matter?" I asked. "What's going on?"

"SMOKE!" He replied. "THERE'S SMOKE IN ONE OF YOUR DESK DRAWER!"

I gasped in shock and Tommy took off running down the hall that led us to our bedrooms. I followed him and I was really scared and confused.

"I know that you won't do this sort of thing but…" I began as I followed and caught up with Tommy. "…you weren't playing with any matches in my room, were you?"

"No, I wasn't playing with any matches." Tommy replied as we arrived at my bedroom.

As soon as we entered my room, I gasped in horror after spotting the sight of smoke slithering out of one of my desk drawers.

I ran towards the desk and I opened the drawer. I saw that Genie's lamp was having smoke coming out the spout and it (the smoke) slithered through the crack of the lamp.

"How long was this lamp smoking?" I asked.

"I don't know!" Tommy exclaimed. "I was just coming back from the laundry room and when I passed by room, my attention was caught-!"

"
TAKE OFF THE LID!"
A voice shouted.

Tommy and I looked at each other in surprise.

"DID YOU SAY SOMETHING?" We asked each other in unison. "No, I didn't say a word."

"
HEY, TAKE OFF THE LID OF THE LAMP!"
The voice shouted from…the inside of the lamp.

Immediately, I took the lamp out of the drawer and placed it on my desk. After closing the desk drawer, I took the lid off of the lamp, hoping that the smoke would stop coming out of the lamp.

Unfortunately, the smoke didn't stop. It began to crescendo into a thick cloud of smoke that began to snake its way out of the lamp. The smoky cloud slithered towards me and Tommy and it began to surround us as it continued to get thick and made its way up to our heads.

"What's going on?" Tommy asked.

"I don't know!" I said.

Then, the smoke continued to get thicker and thicker and all of the sudden, an explosion rang out.

Tommy and I found ourselves floating in a pitch black void of space and I felt a strong wind blowing through my hair. The WHOOOOOSH sound of the wind echoed as it blew harder and harder.


What is this place?
I thought.

>