


Epilogue



graywolf77: Thank you for reminding me about Tommy. Forgive me for not mentioning anything about Tommy in the previous chapter. I have been feeling tired throughout this week and I'm currently recovering from a headache that I had to experience since Sunday. Because of the headache, I forgot about Tommy and I wanted to try to get this story done. Thanks again for reminding me about Tommy. Just a heads-up, this epilogue may be a little short.



*ONE WEEK AFTER THE ZELKOVA SUMMER DEPARTURE SHOW*



9:34:00 am



Tommy:


Another morning has passed.

My mind's awake but my eyes feel tired.

My sleeping pattern has been off since…since…*sigh*…since I left New York, returned to England, left England, and returned to Houston.

I wonder how James and the others doing.

…Oh! A tear drop just fell into my bowl of Cheerios.

*sigh*

I miss James.

I miss Centipede.

I miss Grasshopper.

I miss Ladybug.

I miss Spider.

I miss Gloworm.

I miss Earthworm.

I remember my days of recovering from Sponge's hard blow to my head and my departure like they all happened yesterday.

…..


*Passing Flashbacks*



Thanks to Sponge hitting me hard on the head with the heel of a fireman ax, I had to go to the hospital because the Officer wanted to make sure that I wasn't too badly injured.



Despite of my polite protests that I was going to be all right, I was escorted to the hospital after I ate a little bit of the peach.



As soon as I stepped into the hospital, my head started to hurt.



I had to experience the most excruciating pain that I have felt in my life.



I was immediately taken to a room where the walls were all white and the bed was too small.



Several questions were asked by a male doctor and several nurses and all the commotion made my head hurt even more.



All I wanted to do was lie down, go to sleep, and try to recover from the hard blow of the ax.



Whenever I would sleep on the hospital bed in my room, I would experience a sharp pain in my head, mild nausea, dehydration, mild hunger, and chapped lips.



One day, one of the nurses came into my room with a gigantic glass of water, some aspirin, and a giant peach chunk.



Despite of wanting to eat something besides pieces or giant chunks of peach, I ate the peach anyway because I didn't want to be rude and I wanted to stop feeling hungry and nauseous.



And yes, I even took the aspirin.



After eating the peaching, swallowing the aspirin, and drinking all the water, I decided to get a lot of sleep.



Even though sleeping felt really good, I would sometimes wake up at a very bad time, stay awake, try to go back to sleep, and fall back asleep some time later.



I was allowed to have visitors but there were only two rules when it came to the visits.



Everyone had to whisper instead of talk with their normal voices and no one should bring in or do anything that can be considered very noisy.



James, Centipede, and the others visited me several times as I slowly recovered. Every time they step into my room, they would look and sound very concerned about me and eventually, they loosen up and relax.



The things that James and the others talk about are always very positive, like James joining a very good school, Miss Ladybug applying to get a job as a nurse in a couple of weeks, and probably the best news of all, the giant seed from the peach officially becoming a permanent home after the firemen and construction workers moved it to Central Park.



"That's great, James." I said with a small smile.



Whenever the visiting hours were over, I would stare at the ceiling until I start to feel sleepy.



Then, the Day came.



The day when the Man came in and told me about leaving James and the others.



When I started to feel a whole lot better, the Man who gave me and James the crocodile tongues came into my room without any of the nurses or doctors knowing.



"How are you feeling, Tommy?" The Man asked.



"I feel okay, sir." I replied as I carefully sat up.



"That's good."



I began to have a feeling that there had to be a catch.



Why's the Man visiting?



Is he mad because James dropped the crocodile tongues?



"Is everything all right?" I asked the Man. "Are you mad about what happened to the tongues that you gave to me and James?"



"No, Tommy." He replied. "I came here to tell you something."



"What is it?"



"I know that you don't live in this world. I know that you live in a world outside of this one. It's not a bad thing that you're here and it's not bad that you went on an adventure with James and the Grasshopper, Centipede, Spider, Earthworm, Ladybug, and Glowworm. Going on an adventure with James and the others was a part of the Magic Mirror's riddle."



I gasped.



"How did you know about—?" I asked.



"I have magical powers but they aren't as powerful as Yen Sid's." The Man said. "I have the power to teleport, travel, and create mildly potent potions. I have also traveled your world and to Yen Sid's tower. I talked to Yen Sid and I've learned several things from him, including the Magic Mirror's riddle. After Yen Sid realized that a part of the Magic Mirror's riddle came true, he told me that I have to bring you back to England in your world. I talked to him a couple of days ago and he allowed me to bring you back to England in your world as soon as you're done recovering."



"Really? You're going to help me get back home?"



"Yes."



I smiled.


I'm finally going to finish up my days in England and go back home!
I thought.
This is great! The Man is going to help me and traveling back is not a problem!


Then, I started to think about James and the others and my smile immediately melted into a sad and worried look.



How am I going to tell them about me leaving?



"What's the matter, Tommy?" The Man asked me. "Aren't you excited about going back?"



I looked at him.



"Sir," I began, "I am excited about going back but I've grown really attached to James and the others for the past few days. Since I met James, I've been looking after him and I started to treat him like a little brother. I don't know how James and the others will react if I tell them about leaving."



The Man placed his hand on my shoulder and looked at me with sympathy.



"Tommy, James is going to be all right." He said. "He has a family to look after him and he even has a lot of friends. James will no longer feel sad or lonely and Spiker and Sponge will no longer give him any more pain. I know that James and the others will understand why you have to leave. I also know that they will NEVER forget you. When an individual or a group no longer feels the pain or sadness that they had to experience in their pasts, they will never forget the day when their lives are going to change. That memory will always linger in their minds until the day they die. James and the others will never forget you."



After a brief pause, I asked,



"Do you really think so?"



The Man nodded his head.



When the Other Day came, the day when I had to tell James and the others that I had to leave, I had butterflies in my stomach.



I was so nervous.



I was afraid.



I had to take several deep breaths and practice saying the right things in my head.



As soon as I met up with James, Centipede, Grasshopper, Miss Spider, Miss Ladybug, Earthworm, and Miss Glowworm, I knew I had to say what I've been practicing and there was no turning back.



I had to start with how I was just a student exploring England for a reward after writing an essay that caught my teacher's attention and I ended with apologizing and saying that I was never going to forget everything that happened.



How did James and the others react?



They all smiled with tears streaming down from their eyes and hugged me.


…..

So, yeah.

That's what James and the others did after I had to tell them that I had to leave.

After saying my goodbyes, I walked to some place in the park where hardly anybody would wander around with the Man.

When the time was right, the Man used his teleportation magic on me.

In the process of getting teleported, I found myself traveling in a space with many colors, mainly tie-dye colors, zooming past me. The colors soon transformed into the last place where I was walking before being transported to James' world.

Then, after that, I continued to enjoy the last few days of being in England while I thought about Beatrice, James, the others, and the whole adventure.

Right now, even though I'm reunited with Beatrice and my dad, I am feeling a little depressed.

Ever since I started to—

*BUHR BUHN*!

I looked up from my cereal.

"Who could that be?" I asked myself.

I got up from my chair and walked to the front door.


This is very unusual.
I thought.
Visitors don't usually come to this house this early.


I walked up to the front door and opened it.

That's funny.

No one's standing—

Oh, wait.

There's a package with brown paper wrapping…and it's for me.

"Hmm, interesting." I said.

I bent down and picked up the package.


Oh, my goodness! It's heavy!
I thought as I carried the package into the house.

I closed the door with my right foot and I walked back to the kitchen as I carried the heavy package.


What's in this package?
I thought.
Bricks? Stones?


When I made it to the kitchen, I carefully place the package on the counter and tore off the wrapping.

…A box.

Just what I wanted.

I'm just being sarcastic.

I grabbed a kitchen knife and I cut open the package lid.

Then, I placed the knife next to the package and opened it.

I gasped.

"James?" I said to myself.

Inside the box was picture of James. It was a picture of him celebrating his eighth birthday with Miss Spider, Centipede, Grasshopper, Earthworm, Miss Ladybug, Miss Glowworm, and some of the kids from New York City.

I smiled as my eyes began to tear up.

Then, I looked inside to what else was inside the package.

There was…a stack of newspapers tied together with a note on top.

I picked up the note.

It said:


Dear Tommy,



We hope that you have traveled safely and that things are going well.



Great things have been happening to me and the others and lot has happened since you left.



Centipede is currently running for mayor, Grasshopper just became a professional violinist, Earthworm is now a mascot for a new cream, and Miss Ladybug got her job as a nurse and doctor. I would also like to add that Miss Glowworm is lighting up the light in the Statue of Liberty and Miss Spider currently owns a night club.



Since I wanted to tell you what all has been happening after you had to go, I thought of sending you a picture of me celebrating my eighth birthday and some of the newspapers that talk about Centipede, Miss Spider, Grasshopper, Earthworm, Glowworm, and Miss Ladybug.



I hope that things are going well for you.



Sincerely,



James



PS: Centipede, Miss Spider, Grasshopper, Earthworm, Glowworm, and Miss Ladybug just told me to tell you that they miss you and hope that you're doing okay.



PPS: Centipede just told me to tell you that he's proud of you.


I smiled as a tear ran down my cheek.

"Well done, James." I replied. "Well done."


THE END! (THIS TIME)


>