



Disclaimer: I own nothing!




A/N: I think this is the last chapter. I'm through. I hope you liked it, and keep a look out: "Something Unexpected" will be updated soon!



Also...I totally forgot until it was pointed out to me that Blaise Zabini is black. Umm...That causes problems for me and my story because Harry would most definitely notice that the baby's not his, right? So, for my story, let's just pretend that Blaise isn't black, shall we? I hate changing characters' appearances, but it had to be done. I'm not going to go through and put in a new character...




Molly was in her element, running around the house, acting the perfect hostess. The gathering wasn't large, mostly family and close friends, but Molly acted as if she were hosting the queen herself.

Ginny sat off to the side, nursing the same bottle of butterbeer that she had been given an hour ago. She knew that she couldn't actually drink the beverage, due to the alcohol content, however low it was. Molly had continuously checked on her, making sure that she wasn't actually drinking the liquid in the bottle. Ginny refused, though, to get anything else until she revealed her news, lest she seem suspicious to her brothers or father.

She wasn't stupid; she knew that there would be people to fight against her and Harry being together. Ginny glanced toward Neville and Luna, two of the only people Harry and Hermione had consented to communicate with over the last few weeks. She knew those two would stand against her; also, Minerva McGonagall would have something to say. She had been pushing Harry and his best friend together for years under the guise of "mentoring" them.

The pair's biggest proponent? Her own brother George Weasley. Since Fred's death, George had become quiet and withdrawn, but he had been quite outspoken when he heard that Ginny had planned on having Harry to herself by the time the night was over.

"
Ginny, for the love of Merlin, drop it! He doesn't love you!" Ginny had stopped walking up the stairs, having just left the kitchen from talking to her mother.


"
What are you on about, George?"


"
Harry Potter. You're obsessed! I thought you were shagging those two Slytherin boys and that Ravenclaw, plus Merlin knows who else! I don't know you anymore, little sister." Reaching out and gently turning her around, George looked into his sister's eyes. "Fred didn't die so that you could shag everyone and his brother, love. He wouldn't be happy with how you're dealing with his death."



Ginny face matched her hair. "What the hell are you talking about?"


"
Exactly what I just said. You haven't grieved, Ginny. You're running around, fucking anything that moves, just to hide your pain." George seemed angry. "We all hurt, Ginny! Just because sex makes you feel good for a moment doesn't mean it's going to last. Not if it's not with someone you truly love."


"
But I love Harry!"


"
You love the idea of Harry, sweetie. You love the memories from your fifth year, before he went off and spent a year fighting without you. Hermione was there for him; he needed her. I'm sorry, Ginny; he doesn't need you like that. You take him away from Hermione Granger, you'll have half a man."



Ginny shook her head. "Hermione Granger took him from me, George. She stole him! She knew he loved me, yet she fucked him out there in that tent, and she messed up his brain! He was so confused when he came back that he called her name during sex!"



George backed up and turned to walk away. "Ginny, whatever you're planning on doing tonight, think about it. But first, think about this: when you two were having sex, did he ever look
at
you? Did he moan your name, look you in the eye like he couldn't get enough of you? Be prepared to fight, love; Hermione Granger is loyal, much more loyal than that brother of ours, and much more loyal than you've been. If you truly loved Harry Potter, you wouldn't be pregnant by another man, would you?" And with that, George turned and walked out the door. Ginny hadn't seen him since.


Ginny didn't know how George knew about the baby, and she sure as hell didn't know how he knew the baby wasn't Harry's, but she knew he wouldn't tell Harry. Family meant everything to the Weasleys, and George would let her make her own mistakes. Or at least she hoped he would.


Harry, Hermione, Andromeda, and Teddy were ready to leave, knowing they'd be some of the last guests to arrive. Because it was summer, the actual meal would be held out back behind the Burrow.

Hermione turned to Harry. "You ready for this?"

Harry nodded. "Nothing to it. I'm hoping she'll back off before she does something stupid and embarrasses herself."

"Is Minerva in on everything?" Andi picked Teddy up.

Hermione grinned. "We explained what we were doing; not much to be in on, actually. She is going to make her announcements tonight though."

Harry looked down at his watch. "We'd better go. We're late enough already." The three adults and Teddy quickly left, apparating the short distance to the Burrow.

At Harry's knock, the door was thrown open, and Charlie Weasley smiled at the newcomers. "Look who's here!" He moved back from the door, allowing the guests to make their way inside. Although nervous, Harry looked around appreciatively at the changes that had been made to the house. Outside, although it still resembled the old house, it no longer looked like it was being held together by magic. Inside, the rooms were much less cluttered with
things
.

Very few people were still inside, the main festivities being held outside. Charlie shook hands with Harry and hugged Hermione and Andromeda, making Teddy laugh in the process.

"Mind if I take him off your hands, Andi?" Charlie gave Andromeda a pleading look.

"Never knew you to be one for children, Charlie."

"Love them; just don't like the commitment it takes to get one of my own!" Charlie laughed as he went back outside, intending, unbeknownst to Harry and Hermione, to keep Teddy as far away from all the drama as he could. Ginny and Molly weren't as subtle as they thought they were.

Harry watched the two worriedly, never liking Teddy far from him, but Hermione grabbed his hand. "Come on; he'll be fine. Charlie's okay, I think. It's the two youngest ones and that mum of theirs we need to watch." At Harry's nod, Hermione smiled and walked toward the others in the room. Andromeda walked on to the kitchen, planning on cornering Molly early on and watching the food.

Bill and Fleur were sitting on the couch talking to Arthur. Fleur was evidently pregnant, if not from the small bump appearing around her middle, then from the glow emitting from her lovely face.

"'Arry! 'Ermione! Eet's been so long!" Fleur stood and hugged the two. Harry could see Hermione looking at him nervously as Fleur hugged him, but he sent a wink over her shoulder, easing the tension in her expression. When the blonde released him, Harry moved closer to Hermione and wrapped his arm around her. This had been planned as well; the two would make no secret about their relationship. They were together, and the Weasleys would either accept it, or they would get over it.

Bill studied the young couple closely, as did Arthur. However, soon, Bill broke out into a grin and stood as well. "Looks like you two are closer than ever, eh?"

Harry smiled. "Couldn't be closer, Bill." He looked down at Hermione. "Took me long enough."

Arthur nodded. "That it did. I'm glad, Hermione, that you took my boy down a few pegs. I think it straightened him out a bit."

Hermione's eyes widened, as did Harry's. "Sir?" Hermione stuttered.

"Ron. He's still not happy with you two, saying you betrayed him or some rubbish like that, but he's learned to stand up for himself, especially to his sister and mum. I only wish I'd have learned how to do that." Arthur leaned back and sighed.

"Mr. Weasley…" Harry started.

"Don't bother, Harry. I know my wife; knew her the day I married her. You know, if you'd have married Ginny, you would have been in my position in thirty years? Communication, Harry, Hermione," and turning to Bill and Fleur, "Bill, Fleur…that's the key to any successful relationship."

Before any of them could respond, Molly came running out. "Harry, Hermione! I'm so glad you're here! Come on out back with everyone else! Dinner's almost ready, and everyone's already getting seated. You three," pointing at Bill, Fleur, and Arthur, "out, out!" Molly seemed to pause a bit when she noticed Harry move his arm from around Hermione and take her hand, but she shook it off and ran back through the kitchen. Everyone else made their way outside.


Ron watched them walk out, hand-in-hand. He shook his head and turned, listening to whatever Romilda was saying. He looked around the table, taking note of everyone who had shown up for the dinner. Taking his seat at the head of the table was his father, and to the right of him were Bill and Fleur. One space was left to the right of Fleur for Charlie, and George sat sullenly next. Ginny had pouted upon being placed next to George, but when Molly had demanded it, she had sat down heavily, and she and George had ignored each other for twenty minutes. Ron sat next to Ginny, with Romilda next to him, and at the end of the table was Molly.

To Molly's right sat Andromeda Tonks, who had just taken back Teddy from Charlie, who was making his way down to his seat. Sitting by Andi and across from Ron was Hermione (Teddy was in a high chair between Andi and Hermione), and Harry was across from Ginny, who had immediately perked up. Apparently, Harry wouldn't sit further on down the table like Molly had asked, claiming that he was going to sit by his girlfriend. Ron shook his head at this.

To the right of Harry sat Minerva McGonagall, who was in an animated conversation with the raven-haired wizard. Sitting by her was Neville Longbottom and Luna Lovegood and her father, Xenophilius. Percy couldn't make it due to the work still left to do at the Ministry, but he had promised to drop by later. Ron was surprised to see the headmistress, but Molly had told him that after she had sent the invitation, Minerva had accepted immediately.

Arthur stood and tapped his glass, sending the table into silence immediately, better than any spell could have done. He smiled at those sitting there before beginning to speak.

"Family and friends, I'm so thankful you came out today to join with us in celebrating our good fortune. The last year has been painful to all of us in some way. However, we need to remember what we do have each and every day. We've each lost someone we love here at this table; many faces are missing, faces that we'll never forget, yet let's not forget that so many more
could
have been lost. Let's not allow grudges and hard feelings color our vision. Please, enjoy yourselves this evening; our loved ones wouldn't want any less." When he finished, the eldest Weasley sat down, and Molly waved her wand, causing dishes of food to appear in front of everyone.

Harry and Hermione looked at Andi, who just winked and nodded. They smiled and dug in, watching their goblets and plates carefully throughout the meal. Ron caught this and wondered what they suspected. He glanced over at Ginny, who was watching the pair with careful eyes. She never would tell him what she had planned for Harry and Hermione, suspecting his loyalties to the two had never truly wavered. As Ron thought, he realized that although he had been hurt by the two, he had asked for their actions. He had left them alone, with no one but each other to lean on.

He looked over to Romilda, who was watching the entire table as she ate. When she caught him looking, she smiled and held out a bite of potato, which he took off her fork quickly. Ron leaned over and whispered, "Quickest way to a man's heart, love."

She whispered back, "I think your path is a little further south than your stomach." Romilda pulled back and grinned, focusing on her food. Ron gulped and glanced across the table, seeing Hermione looking at him with a quirked eyebrow. He shrugged and gestured toward Romilda, smiling. Hermione, surprisingly, smiled back and nodded. He had to talk to the two later.


Ginny was going to wait until dinner was over to drop her news on everyone, but she just couldn't hold it in anymore. She glanced over to her mum, who gave an almost imperceptible nod. Taking a deep breath, she went to stand up, tapping her glass on her way.

Silence fell over the table. Ginny gulped and smiled. "Hi, everyone. While I have almost everyone here, I wanted to take the time to make an announcement." She missed the way Harry and Hermione exchanged looks, but she did hear George's deep sigh from beside her. "I, uh, know that this is unexpected, but I think with all of the heartache that's gone on in the last few months, this should be seen as a blessing. I'm pregnant!"

The reaction was not what she was looking for. Harry, Hermione, and Andi sat still, looking as if they weren't surprised. George kept his head in his hands. Molly was, as she was, looking at everyone's reactions. It was her father, though, who shocked her the most.

"Ginevra Weasley! Now? That means…that while we were fighting…You were off doing
that
while a war was going on?"

Ginny's mouth fell open. "Dad?"

"I…I expected better of you."

"Arthur!"

"No, Molly, I want to know everything. Who's the father?"

This was her chance. She looked over at Harry and smiled. "Blaise Zabini." Ginny's eyes widened. What the hell…?

"Ginny Weasley!" Molly stood quickly. "What did you say?"

Ginny tried to recant, but found that "Harry Potter" would just not come out of her mouth. She cut her eyes to the couple across from her. Ginny narrowed her eyes when she saw Hermione stand up as well.

"What is it, Ginny? The truth got your tongue?" Ginny felt her face flush red.

Molly hurriedly rushed to her daughter's side. "Hermione, what did you give her? Will it hurt the baby?"

Harry stood then. "Won't do a thing. It wasn't ingested. It's a new spell I've been working on that works like Veritaserum. It's a compulsion charm, but I've tweaked it to force Miss Weasley here to tell the truth. We received a tip that she was going to try to say that I got her pregnant; while I'll admit that I
did
make the mistake of sleeping with her once after the final battle, I used every precaution to make sure that a baby
didn't
happen. It wouldn't have been fair to the child. I have a godson to care for now, and he deserves my attention, as does my girlfriend, the one I've been with for almost two months."

Molly turned to Ginny. "Ginny?"

"Mum, I…ah…"

Arthur moved to stand beside his wife. "Ginny, I think we three need to take this discussion inside, eh? Come on, Molly."

The three moved inside, leaving a baffled group outside. Harry and Hermione looked at each other uncomfortably. Finally, just as Hermione began to speak, someone else spoke up.

"Harry, Hermione, I'm sorry for our sister. I'd known she's been planning something over the last few days, but I'd have never imagined this." Bill looked floored, and Fleur took his hand.

Charlie nodded. "I'd hoped it wasn't this bad, but damn. We only hope that you won't hold this against the rest of us."

Hermione shook her head. "We don't. We've known about this for a week, and we figured none of you knew about this." At this she turned to Ron questioningly.

Ron sighed. "She hinted at something, telling me that she had a plan that would help me get you back. Said that once Harry was back in her life, I could be back with you." At Hermione's look of outrage, Ron jumped back in. "But…I told her that I'm with Romilda, and that I'm okay with you two." At their look of disbelief, Ron smirked, "Well, I'm getting there. I told her that she was on her own, and she clammed up on me."

Arthur came back out tiredly. "I truly am sorry, you two. I didn't know this was waiting on you when I invited you. Let's just try to finish dinner, shall we?"

Everyone nodded and turned back to their cooling meals.


When everyone finished eating, Minerva stood.

"I came here with a purpose. While my announcement isn't quite as, ahem, shaking as Miss Weasley's, it is important. I've had to make some changes to my staff this year, and I just wanted to inform you all of these changes. And, well…most of those changes are sitting right here."

Turning to Neville, she smiled. "When Pamona informed me that she was through teaching after the year she'd had, I couldn't really blame her. I asked her, though, for her opinion on whom I should get to replace her, and she didn't hesitate, and I can't help but agree. Mr. Longbottom, Neville, I think that you have more than proven your abilities in not only Herbology, but as a wizard in general. You will do well as a professor, and I can't wait to have you on my staff."

Next, the headmistress looked at Harry and Hermione, and her smile grew. "Now, these two gave me more problems than the others. I obviously cannot teach and take on the rigor of Transfiguration professor, at least not at the level at which it should be taught. I had no doubt as to whom I would ask to replace me. Even though she hasn't taken her NEWTS, I have no doubt that her scores will rank right up there or higher than Lily Evans herself. Limiting her to just Transfiguration is hard for me, but for now, I don't want to burden her too heavily. Hermione Granger has finally agreed, as of this morning, to take my place at Hogwarts, along with our new Defense Against the Dark Arts professor, Harry Potter."

Ron cut his eyes to his two best friends. Minerva continued. "Apparently, these two came as a set. I couldn't get one without the other, but I needed them both. Thank Merlin they both agreed! I assured Harry just as I'm assuring you all that I did not ask him just because of a fluke of a wand and a prophecy. Harry has always been gifted at Defense, and his leadership of Dumbledore's Army while at Hogwarts just solidified my decision. Harry has the potential to become the first professor in many years to stay in this position. I'm not planning on letting him go any time soon.

"Finally, my last replacement is my biggest surprise. When the Ministry offered to let everyone who took part in the war join the auror ranks without their NEWTS, I thought this young man would jump at the chance. However, when I talked to him, he assured me that he was through with dark wizards for good, and when I asked him to come on staff to replace Madam Hooch, who claimed retirement as well, Ronald jumped at the opportunity."

Ron smiled shyly at his two friends across from him. Harry cleared his throat and smiled. "Professor, thank you for these opportunities. I do have to wonder though: You have so many of your staff that are so young. Do you think you can handle us, especially those of us who have given you so many problems over the years?"

Minerva laughed. "Harry, Hogwarts is in need of a new generation of educators, and as for those of you who gave us problems, you, most of the time, had a perfectly good reason for doing what you did. I'm looking for a new Muggle Studies professor, one who will teach relevant material. Miss Granger almost got that position, but I need her where she is right now."

Luna finally spoke up. "So, will Hogwarts be ready by September?"

"It will. You'll be getting your letters come August. You professors will be getting yours any day now. Your quarters are being readied for you."


The rest of the meal was spent discussing plans for the upcoming year. Finally, Ron caught Harry and Hermione's eyes and waved them over to the side. Standing he whispered to Romilda, "Be right back, sweets. Need to talk to these two."

Walking down a path behind the house, the three stayed silent until Ron stopped. "Listen, you two. I truly am sorry about everything. I felt more betrayed than anything, felt like you two had left me out of the loop while we were out hunting horcruxes. You lied to me."

Harry spoke up first. "I see what you're saying, mate. We did, in a sense, lie to you. When you destroyed that horcrux out in the forest, I told you Hermione was like my sister. That was a lie. However, we only slept together once while you were gone, and we just didn't have a chance to tell you."

"Everything happened, and it just didn't seem that important, compared to everything else, that is," Hermione picked up. "We truly didn't mean to hurt you. I, also, was being my own self-conscious self by thinking that Harry only needed me for sex because he couldn't get to Ginny. I thought that once he got back to Hogwarts and her, all of it would be forgotten. When I kissed you…gods, Ron, I'm only sorry that I led you on like that. I didn't want to hurt you."

Ron nodded. "I understand guys. I hate that I almost dumped Romilda to go along with Ginny's plan. I don't like that I'm that weak sometimes. When McGonagall approached me, I knew that this was how I could take charge of my own life. Who knew that you two would be there as well, huh?"

Harry laughed. "Poor McGonagall. She truly is asking for trouble with all of us back."

Hermione fixated her stern look, reminiscent of the headmistress herself. "Boys…"

The three laughed as they walked back to the party, happy to be on good terms with each other.


Later that night, Harry and Hermione sat in Andi's sitting room, Harry holding a sleeping Teddy close to his shoulder. Andi had stayed behind to help Molly clean up and to talk everything out. Obviously, even though Molly had her dealings with trying to get Harry into the family, Ginny had been less than honest with her mother. Andi had gotten word to the two that Ginny had gotten in touch with Blaise, and the two had agreed that they would both take care of the child. Ginny would finish her schooling at home, with her lessons being brought home by Ron each week. It would just be too hard to be a pregnant teen in school so far from her support system.

Hermione snuggled up to Harry's other shoulder and ran her hands down Teddy's back. "Harry?"

"Hmm?"

"Do you really mean what you said?"

Harry looked over to Hermione. "What did I say?"

"About not wanting a baby?"

"I never said I didn't
want
children, Hermione. I said that I had made sure that a baby didn't happen then. I didn't want children with her. My focus is Teddy right now. Plus, we have time, right?" Harry narrowed his eyes. "Why? Something to tell?"

Hermione smiled. "Oh, no! I was just wondering if you were totally discounting the possibility. I want children with you one day, Harry. In a few years, of course. We need to get this one walking, talking, reading, and writing first."

Harry nodded. "Before we start work, we're going on a trip. I've already talked to Andi, and you and I are leaving tomorrow."

"Harry…"

"We have to find your parents. We can't put it off any longer."

"Harry, we won't have time! We have to…"

"I've talked to McGonagall. She knows where we'll be; she's holding our letters until we owl her. We'll find them and find out where they want to live. I'll get to know your parents, ask your dad's permission to marry you…"

Hermione stopped him. "You're going to do what?"

Harry shifted, moving Teddy slightly. "I want to do this right. We can keep the engagement as long as you want, but I want to know that you're going to marry me."

"I told you I'd marry you, love."

Harry shook his head. "I want your dad's permission and a ring on your finger. You and your mum can plan out everything, but I want at least that much."

Hermione laughed. "Harry James Potter, I told you in that cold tent months ago that I needed you, and that hasn't changed one bit. Are you sure you can put up with me?"

"Love, I wouldn't know how to do anything else."

>