


Ch. 1


Twelve immortal beings sat in a vast and lavish throne room high in the sky above New York City. The year was 2016 and the past five years had been anything but peaceful for the gods of Olympus and their children.

Five years earlier, the Titan Lord Kronos, father of the eldest Olympians, had managed to rise from Tartarus along with a handful of other Titans and wage a war against the gods in an attempt to overthrow them and take control of the world once again. The war had cut especially deep into the world of demigods. Brothers and sisters were forced to choose sides, often ending up on opposite sides of the battlefield. The war had claimed hundreds of demigod lives and cut emotional scars so deeply in others that they never truly recovered.

The second Titan War had been a lesson to the Olympians, one they were forced to never forget as they watched their own children, driven by anger and hatred born of their neglect, take up arms side by side with monster and Titan alike in an effort to destroy them.

In the end the gods had been saved. Not by their power or strength or by the might of the demigod children forced to fight to defend them but from one simple act; a singular act of sacrifice and forgiveness by a child who had lost so much in his short yet difficult life.

Luke Castellan had plunged a dagger into his own body in an act of bravery and sacrifice never before seen by the gods of Olympus as he destroyed the Titan Kronos and scattered his essence so far it would be millennia before he would be able to think about rising again.

It hadn't been Luke alone that made the decision. Two other heroes, Percy Jackson and Annabeth Chase, were by his side fulfilling the greatest prophecy seen in the era of the gods and proving in the end that no matter how dark things had gotten there was always a way back; a way to rectify mistakes and earn redemption when it thought impossible.

While Percy and Annabeth were hailed as the saviors of Olympus, they never forgot who it was that made the true sacrifice that saved them all. Their family and friends, the gods and the campers all seemed to forget about Luke and were eager to give the credit to the two young demigods.

Annabeth was named the new architect of Olympus, given free rein to design whatever her heart desired within the city of the gods.

Percy was offered a gift that hadn't been offered since the days of Heracles; the chance to become a god… immortal, undying, to live forever as his father's lieutenant.

Being the consummate hero, he denied the offer in the hope that his reward could be used more productively; a chance for demigods to be recognized by their parents so that never again would siblings have to look across the battlefield and see their brothers and sisters taking up arms against them after the feeling of neglect drove them into the arms of the enemy.

Percy Jackson was not a simple person. He was actually quite smart. Perhaps not in the book sense but one would be foolish to call him unintelligent. Many thought he was exactly that after turning down the chance to be a god but they failed to see things in the long term. Being immortal sounded like the greatest thing in the world but without the people he loved, was it really something he was interested in?

His answer was a bold no.

Despite the young age of sixteen, he knew life was only as good as the people you shared it with. His family and friends, they were mortal and if he wanted to enjoy his life with them, then that was what he needed to be as well.

Perhaps if he had known what was to come, he might have chosen differently.

Instead of a peaceful life, he and Annabeth were again thrown into a war where the very survival of the gods and the mortal world lay on their shoulders.

Yes, this time they shared the burden with five other heroes, all of whom were more than willing to carry their share of the weight but it was a war unlike anything they could have imagined.

In the end, they managed to defeat the primordial goddess of the earth but it came at a great cost.

Annabeth was killed in the final battle.

The battle was lost but in a final effort for vengeance against Percy for surviving Tartarus and sending her back to her slumber, Gaea had one of her minions slay Annabeth as she and Percy led the final charge against Gaea's army.

Driven on by the pain and anguish of seeing the love of his life lying bloody and lifeless on the battlefield, his rage was unfathomable. The gods who witnessed the scene couldn't help but remember the Trojan War and the rage of Achilles which had become just as legendary as his prowess on the battlefield.

Once over, not even his father, the powerful lord of the seas dared try to speak to his son.

After the battle and all of the Olympian forces, demigod and godly, had returned to New York, the gods held another ceremony the elder Greek demigods remembered all too bitterly from the Titan War.

Rewards were offered to the six surviving demigods of the prophecy.

Three chose to accept the gift of immortality from the gods.

Hazel Levesque was given the gift of being granted passage into the Isles of the Blessed instead of returning to Asphodel. The gods had to abide by the ancient laws and short of making her a goddess, nothing could prevent Hazel from returning to her afterlife. Hazel took the honor of admission into the realm of the world's greatest heroes gratefully though her heart was heavy at what she was forced to leave behind.

At hearing Hazel's fate, Frank Zhang walked out of the throne room knowing his one wish had just been shot down by the gods.

That left just one demigod.

And Percy Jackson again chose to pass on immortality.

This time his choice was not met his anger as his first had. The Olympians and his fellow demigods knew that immortality was likely the last thing he wanted.

Instead of asking for another gift, Percy simply declined their offer and remained silent. Many of the gods, his father more than anyone, worried about his state of mind. The grief of Annabeth's death able of be read from his face.

Even the goddess of wisdom could not help but feel pity for the son of her rival. Her own grief cut her deeply and she knew the son of Poseidon hurt just as she did. She had accepted the love her daughter and Percy Jackson shared and had hoped to give them her blessing after the final battle.

Even now, two years later, the goddess often thought about her fallen daughter and the son of the sea. But as her thoughts drifted to her loss and the musings of what could have been, the sound of her father clearing his throat loudly broke her from her memories.

"Do you have an opinion of the problem?" Zeus asked looking at his daughter, his wisest and most trusted child, hoping she would shed some of her wisdom on what actions needed to be taken.

The goddess looked like a deer caught in the headlights. She was always attentive in their meetings and rarely went without her opinion on a matter being heard. But she had been so wrapped up in her thoughts of the past, she had missed her father's words.

"The attacks on the demigod camps." Poseidon added quickly. "We surely must take action. We cannot leave our children to fend for themselves; not after the last two wars, not after losing so many of them in the past conflicts."

Athena's mind was quick as she remembered the reason they were there. The troubling attacks on both Camp Half-Blood and Camp Jupiter over recent months as well as the strange monster activity, so eerily similar to those leading up to the second Titan War.

"What have the hunters seen in their recent hunts? How have the monsters been acting?"

Zeus looked at his daughter strangely before turning to Artemis. "Could you report what you told us a moment ago now that Athena is paying attention?"

The goddess of the hunt threw a concerned glance at her usually attentive sibling, "Just what we've been noticing over the past few months, no change. They seem to conjugate together more often, rarely being found outside of groupings like those that have attacked the half-blood camps but no reason behind it can be deciphered."

Athena shook off the embarrassment of being caught not paying attention.

"What can we do? The ancient laws prevent direct interference. Perhaps we need to help them with the coordination of their defenses. Other than that, we cannot interfere."

Zeus frowned. He had hoped for a more helpful response but knew she was correct.

"The problem is not with how we can help our kids. The main issue is we need to figure out
why
the monsters are attacking and acting the way they are." Hermes interjected. "If we can figure out what's going on, then we can help our kids out by letting them know what they are up against."

The council murmured their agreement but they had mentioned this before. The fact was that they were at a loss. Both Gaea and Kronos were not possible. The Titan was scattered to the winds and the earth goddess in a slumber she couldn't hope to wake from for millennia. The other Titans were all accounted for leaving the immortals of Olympus at a loss for what could be the reason behind the organized attacks.

"Why don't you bring the camp leaders to Olympus? We can work with them on the defenses of camp." Athena asked after the silence had gone on long enough.

Zeus looked around the throne room, but when he saw no objections, he nodded to Hermes who vanished from his throne in flash of golden light.

A few minutes later the god of messengers returned with three demigods; a darkly dressed male who looked around maybe eighteen or nineteen and two teens who looked slightly older. One had startling blue eyes, blonde hair and a scar on his lip. The last was an attractive female with dark hair and eyes that seemed to be constantly changing color.

The three demigods bowed to the gods before rising and looking around wondering why they were there.

Zeus opened his mouth to speak but was interrupted by Athena who was looking at Hermes with confusion.

"Where is Jackson?"

The messenger god frowned, "What do you mean? He doesn't live at camp anymore."

Athena looked to the god seated beside her father. Poseidon merely shook his head.

"Perseus could not bear the memories he had in camp. He left shortly after the end of the war. He is fine but we have not spoken for some time." His voice held a hint of sadness but he knew his son was just trying to separate himself from his past.

Zeus looked slightly alarmed by this news. "Where is he? Why was I not made aware that he no longer resided at the demigod camp?"

Poseidon glared at his younger brother, knowing his mind was already wandering to what Percy could be up to without his knowledge.

"Like I said, I don't know. The last time we spoke was over a year ago. He needed some time to deal with his losses of friends and loved ones in the war. I have no idea where he is at the moment."

Zeus turned to the three demigods, "Jason, where is Jackson?"

The immortal demigod shrugged his shoulders, "I don't know. Since he left, no one has heard anything from him. I think that's how he wants it so no one has really looked for him."

Zeus' frown deepened. He couldn't help but he disturbed by this news. The attacks against the demigod camps with no explanation behind them and now learning they had lost their most powerful demigod was too much for the lord of the skies to deal with.

"Well someone has to know where Jackson is, he did not simply disappear!"

The King of the Gods looked around but found no one looking guilty as if they were hiding something.

"Then a quest must be issued or Artemis shall track Jackson down." Poseidon stood up at these words but Zeus held up a hand to stop his brother from going off on him. "We simply need to find him. No harm is to come to him, but he should know of the situation at the camps, I find it unlikely he would stay away if he knew they were in danger."

"She's not going to find him." A new gruff voice said as all eyes went to the war god as he examined the tip of his spear as if trying to find a flaw in its make.

"What?" Artemis growled assuming he meant she was not capable of finding a single demigod.

Ares rolled his eyes, "Relax Wonder Woman, you won't find him because you won't be looking in the right spot."

Zeus began to get irritated with the way his son seemed to be saying less than he knew.

"Out with it Ares, I have no patience left for games."

The god of war rolled his eyes again before he closed them. A minute later they snapped open, "You want to know where Jackson is? Here, see for yourselves."

The war god waved his hand as an image appeared in the middle of the throne room.

At first, it was hard to tell what they were looking at. All that could be seen was a bright light. But the image seemed to back up and a building could be seen. It wasn't a building you'd see in an American city but something you'd find in a Middle Eastern ghetto. The building was just sitting there, no life could be seen in or around it as many of the people in the throne room looked at Ares confused. Before anyone could ask though things suddenly went very active, very fast.

A shadow appeared in a window of the building before there was the sound of a silenced rifle being shot. The window shattered and the shadow seen in it dropped to the ground.

A number of the people in the room gasped but remained glued to the image playing out before them.

Three soldiers appeared from the side of the building, one pulled something from his waist while the other two were crouched against the building. The soldier with something in his hand held up three fingers, then two and on one he tossed something through the open window before a blinding flash went off. When the light faded, the image shifted to inside the building where the door was suddenly kicked in from the outside.

A half-dozen soldiers in camouflage holding assault rifles poured into the room. A door at the other end of the room opened and two men opened fire at the soldiers. One of the soldiers was hit in the leg before his comrades dropped the two enemies.

A soldier walked across the room, checking the room the enemies had come out from.

"Clear!"

Another soldier checked the other room while two more checked upstairs while the others tended to the wounded soldier.

"Clear!"

"Clear!"

The soldiers all returned to the main room as they looked around for something.

"Intelligence said he was here. Maybe it was a bad tip." A female voice said looking at a taller soldier.

The soldier, who appeared the leader, held up a hand. The other soldiers, even the injured one, all went silent, not moving a muscle as the leader looked around the room. He suddenly dropped his hand and walked across the room. He stopped near the wall and looked down. The other soldiers simply watched.

He suddenly opened fire with his rifle, shooting a wide circle in the floor before he stopped. The sound of whimpering could be heard faintly as the room went silent again.

Two of the soldiers walked over to the spot the bullets circled and pulled up some of the floorboards to reveal a small crawlspace, barely big enough for a person. But sure enough, a Middle Eastern male who looked to be in his mid to late forties was curled up in the fetal position.

The two soldiers pulled the man out and searched him. When they removed the handgun, they stepped away as the leader stood in front of the man. The soldier reached up and removed his helmet and visor as a collective gasp was heard in the throne room.

Percy Jackson stood before the man looking very different than he did the last time anyone in the room had seen him. He was a man now, a little over six feet with a good amount of muscle packed on. He looked like he needed a shave but that seemed to make him more appealing in the eyes of the woman in the throne room. Aphrodite stared at the image as her mind raced with the things she could do with his love life or for her own personal enjoyment.

Percy looked down at the man and then at the soldiers he was with. He nodded at them as they removed their helmets as well. Three of the soldiers were unknown to the gods and three demigods but the other two garnered a similar reaction to Percy's unveiling.

The female pulled off her helmet to reveal short cut brown hair and an arrogant smile as she looked down at the captured male. Clarisse La Rue looked like she had grown up considerably since her days at Camp Half-Blood. Like Percy, she had lost her boyfriend Chris Rodriguez in the war against Gaea and decided the memories they shared at Camp Half-Blood were not something she wanted a constant reminder of. Everyone assume she went to live a normal mortal life, and it seemed she had, for the most part.

The last figure pulled off his helmet as Jason, Piper and Nico all choked a bit in shock. Frank Zhang, still the chubby cheeked Asian Canadian they remembered stood beside his half-sister Clarisse. He looked to have grown taller and packed on muscle as well. His face was still pudgy with a military hair cut but the rest of him seemed to have finally matured into adulthood as he held his rifle, a surprising smile on his face as well as he looked down at their captive.

All eyes in the throne room were on Percy who still stood with a stoic expression in front of the man.

"Surrender," the man said with a heavy accent.

Percy tilted his head to the side but kept his face free of emotion.

The man looked away from Percy's eyes until they landed on his uniform. He noticed the flag patch on his sleeve.

"Canada, you are forgiving nation" he said nodding. "I surrender to Canada."

Quicker than thought possible, Percy pulled a handgun from his waist and fired a bullet straight into the skull of the man.

Piper and her mother both let out shocked yelps as they watched Percy kill someone in cold blood.

"Not an option, actually."

The soldiers in the room seemed unfazed by the brazen killing of the surrendering man. They all still had smiles on their faces. Clarisse patted Percy on the back while Frank took off his pack, setting it down in front of him as he began to dig through it. He pulled something out, a six-pack of beer and tossed one to Percy and then Clarisse and then to the other three members of their team. Even the soldier with a bullet in his leg seemed to be in good spirits as he stood with a tourniquet around his wound.

Percy cracked open his beer and grinned, holding up the beverage as the others did the same in a toast to their successful mission.

"Enough." Zeus growled as the image faded away. No one in the room spoke, all unsure what to say.

Poseidon stood up, his trident clutched tightly in his hand and he looked ready to kill someone.

"What did you do to my son?"

Ares stood up, his face holding genuine indignity, "I didn't do anything to the kid. He is there because he wants to be. He is a warrior, a soldier. What did you expect? Being your kid, he gets put into war from the age of 12. Now that he's 21, you expect him to live a peaceful life as some hippy? The kid is a soldier, I just gave him what he wanted, another war to fight."

Zeus stood up and slammed his master bolt into the throne room floor, "Enough. Hermes, get Jackson and the other two. We need a word with them."

Hermes looked unsure. He glanced at Ares whose face was red but he bit his tongue. The messenger god vanished only to reappear a moment later with the three demigods.

The minute their surroundings solidified, Percy whirled around and fired a bullet straight through the forehead of the messenger god. The bullet passed through harmlessly.

"Sorry Perce, that won't work on me."

Before anyone could object, Frank put a gun to the side of the messenger god's head.

"True but this one certainly will." He said as he pulled back the hammer on the gun packed with celestial bronze bullets.


A.N: This is just an idea I had bouncing around in my head. I might delete the story in a week if it sucks. But I've been sitting with this chapter for a week and felt like publishing it. My idea is something I haven't seen before. I won't give away much but this is just a prologue. The story would turn to more PJO like later (god/monster/demigod stuff), if I continue it. I just wanted to put out a chapter and see what people thought.



I just see so many fics where Annabeth betrays Percy or she dies and he turns into this huge sobbing vagina and it's annoying. He is just as likely to want to vent his feelings violently. This is a story where he doesn't turn into a little bitch where he begs the gods to die or runs away to cry his life away.



Take it or leave it, this is just an idea. It will be on the back burner for a while. On the plus side, I'm almost done with the next chapter of Legacy of Asgard. I'll probably update Wednesday.



But let me know what you thought. Like I said, this isjust an idea. You won't hurt my feeling if you hate it. I just want some genuine feedback, not a "please update this story" or whatever. Wednesday is only two days away and Legacy only has a small handful of chapters left. Then my focus is Timeless Warrior. This is just an idea.


>