

Kara lands in Metropolis to find Clark and Lois waiting for her at the airport. After the welcoming hugs and greetings, they head home.

"So Kara, what did you get up to?" asks Lois.

"Oh, lot of things."

"Hope you kept out of trouble," comments Clark. Kara knows it's useless to lie to Clark so she's as honest as she can be.

"There was a little trouble. Nothing Batgirl, Shadow, and I couldn't handle." Kara sees the muscles of Clark's jaw flex. "I'm sure you'll read about it in the newspaper."

"So it was strictly business," says Lois while rubbing her hand across Clark's shoulders.

"Well...define business." Clark's face drops and Lois' mouth curls into a smirk.

"Kara," Clark takes a breath before continuing, "what exactly happened these past few days?"

"I'm going to plead the fifth until we get home."

"Kara…"

"Now Clark, let's keep our cool until we get home. Your parents have done an excellent job with her, and her parents before that. You have no reason to get angry."

"Right Kara?" Kara's lips tighten as she slumps down in her seat. "Kara…" Lois says more forcefully.

"Right, totally."

"See Clark," Clark relaxes slightly and nods, "we'll sort through this when we get home."

When Kara does get home, she goes straight to her room to unpack. The first thing she does is pull out the folder Stephanie gave her. She smiles before opening it.


X


James stares at his ceiling for a good 30 minutes. He still doesn't know where he is with Kara except she was a few pages in front of him on the relationship standing. Yeah, she seemed cool to be with and with a bit of maturation she seemed like a good fit. But there is this nagging feeling in his brain;
remember your training, relationships never end well. Once the enemy finds out, they will use her to get to you.
This had stopped him with a couple of girls. Kara does have superpowers but James still isn't convinced. He checks his computer and sees an alert from the archive folders. User had accessed the James Rola folder.


X


Kara reads the basic information quickly but pauses again to read about close friends:

Ben Williams- Best Friend, known since age 2, do a lot together

Dominique Perry- Close Friend, known since age 5, gone through school with her

Emily Rozov- Friend, known to study with and hang with

Sam Blake- Friend, known to study and game with

Kate Ingalls- Close Friend, met after Shadow saved her from Howler. Considered possible romantic partner until they mutually agreed to keep it as friends for her own safety.

Kara sees the info on Kate had only been updated a week before Thanksgiving.
Now I get why he has been acting so dark, he's hurting.
Everything made sense to her reads on to his reviews by peers. As she was told, top class reviews from everyone. The folder, unlike hers didn't include a lot of personal information on his family history. Nor did it give in an in-depth analysis of his friends; unlike hers which did have those profiles. There was little on his preferences or behavioural tendencies. However, none of his peers knew him enough to make deep judgements.

Her phone goes off and she quickly pulls it out hoping James responded. Her face drops a little when it's Stephanie asking if the flight was good. Kara responds but still feels a little glum. Then about a minute later she gets another text. This time from James.

'Thursday next week I'm in could meet up. But its not a date'

Kara rolls her eyes and smiles. She's about to text him back when there's a knock on her door. "Hey Kara, Clark wants to see you," says Lois on the other side of the door.

"I'll be right there." Kara smiles again before replying to James's text.


X


James puts his phone down and sees Scarlett standing in his doorway. "You look terrible."

"I feel it too."

"I worry so much for you, you give me nightmares."

"I'm sorry, but a friend needed help."

"Anyway, you won that scholarship prize for that behavioural psychology paper you wrote." She gives him an envelope.

"Kara seems nice".

James reads the letter, "Yeah," but doesn't expand on it.

"Give her a shot, she could be what you're looking for." James looks at his sister with an eyebrow raised and she gives him a smile.

He gets up gingerly and gives her a hug "Let's go get breakfast."


X


James gets home after breakfast with Scarlett and is about to work out when his phone receives a call. Its Clark Kent. James grimaces as he wonders what Kara told him, or what impression she gave him.

"Hello?"

"My cousin had a few stories to tell about your adventures in Gotham."

"Look, Clark, nothing happened to us. We're fine."

"I was referring to your bonding," corrects Clark.

"Yeah, well, we'll see where that goes, but I'm keeping her at arms length."

"There will be no seeing where it goes. You
will
keep her at arms length, or I'll have to visit for a personal chat. Got it?"

"Yeah, I understand."


X


Clark hangs up and feels a little bad for threatening James but reminds himself this is for Kara's own good.

"Do we feel better?" asks Lois.

"Honestly, yes."

"And why was that necessary? I mean, I get the whole protective thing, my father was great at it, as you remember." Clark cringes as he recalls General Lane's attitude surrounding Lois and Clark's engagement. "However, Kara is almost twenty-one years old. She's an adult Clark."

"Only on paper. That doesn't mean she acts like one. Look, Bruce gave me some info on this Shadow kid. I don't like the look of him. He reminds me too much of Bruce."

"How so?" Clark opens his mouth then closes it. "You can't tell me, can you?" He shakes his head. "Then what can you tell me?"

"I think it'd be best if Kara didn't get involved with him."

"Isn't that
her
decision to make?"

"In the end, yes. I just want her to respect my authority and understand that I love her. And that any thing I do for her is because of that love."

"I do get that." Lois and Clark turn to see Kara standing in the hallway. She approaches the two adults. "But
you're
going to have to accept the fact that sometimes I need to make decisions on my own,
without
you."

Clark sighs and nods. "I know. Just promise me you'll take my warning into consideration."

Kara lifts her right hand and raises three fingers. "Scouts honor." Clark shakes his head and pulls his cousin in for a bear hug. "Clark, let go of me."

"Never."

"Clark…" He finally lets go after Kara jabs him in the side. Lois laughs at the spectacle in front of her then heads into the kitchen.

"How about I make you two something to eat?"

Kara looks at Clark with worry in her eyes. "Please don't let her cook."

"I heard that," Lois yells from the kitchen.

Clark guides Kara to the living room. They sit on opposite sides of the couch while Lois bangs around the kitchen. "Hey Clark." He turns his attention to his little cousin. "I've read up on James. He's a nice guy. He can be a little cold as Shadow, but he seems fine."

"From what you've read. But there's a difference in knowing about someone and having a relationship with them."

"I know. And the more we talk and hang out the more I'll get to know him."

Clark lets out a breath and nods. "Just be careful, okay?"

Kara makes an 'x' over her heart. "Promise." Suddenly, she starts sniffing the air. "Do you smell something burning?"

"Okay guys," Clark and Kara watch Lois speed out of the kitchen, "who wants take-out?"


X


James feels a little worried but knows if Kara really wanted it, Clark would step aside. He is more unsure if he wants a relationship with her or not. He sees another message:

Batman - Batcave now.

Shadow meets Batman and Robin in the Batcave. Robin is wearing a smirk and Batman has his usual stone pan face. "You get all the escapees?" Batman asks.

"All but Two-Face. Scarecrow took a bit longer than usual. And I was distracted."

"Kara tends to do that to people," comments Robin, trying to hide his smirk now that Batman is glaring at him.

"I'll get Two-Face," Batman says to Shadow, "you need to rest." He leaves Robin and Shadow. Robin now has a wide grin.

"What?"

"Kara and James, sittin' in a tree..." sings Robin.

Shadows earpiece crackles. "Sorry Shadow." Oracle sounds sincere but that doesn't ease Shadow's anger, or tune out Robin.

Robin continues. "Oh, the drama I can see happening between you two."

"Have you seen Stephanie?" Robin goes quiet. "Some loving boyfriend." Shadow sees how his comments stings Robin, but continues anyway. "I'm not sure about her Tim."

"Yeah, no one is. She's crazy."

"She seems fun and somewhat compatible, but she seems to lack some upstairs thinking."

"Hey it's too early to, you know, move on. Kate is still around in your head."

"Don't talk about her," growls out Shadow.

"Okay man, settle." Robin sits down in the big leather chair that sits in front of the Batcomputer. "You and Kara could work."

"What?" Shadow gives Robin querying look.

"I'm serious."

Shadow looks away. A small smile appears on his face. "Maybe, we'll see what happens."

fin

>