


Okay so this is my first Pokemon fanfiction. Please enjoy it. Tell me how I can approve of course but don't just be rude. For example, this sucks. Tell why it sucks and how I can , enjoy, and leave a comment. I don't own Pokemon or the characters. Though the main character, Hilda, will have my personality.



From Tigereyes45



The first Pokémon

It was dark this morning when I woke up. I look out my window seeing it was still dark. I yawn, covering my mouth with my right hand as I stretch out my left. I flip on my switch which caused light to fill the room. I look to the calendar and saw that it was January 8, 2014. "Waaaait a moment. Something is supposed to happen today. What was it again?" I ask thinking for a moment. "Crap! The pokémon!" I shout running to my drawers and pulling out my clothes and getting dress in a hurry. I saw the time, six am. "Crap there supposed to be here soon!" I shout and grab a hairbrush. After brushing my hair and getting the brush caught in a few tangles. I grab my hairpiece and put my hair up. I finished right before the door opened up and my mom was there letting Professor Juniper in. She had a big box in hand that was blue with a big green bow on it.

I smile widely but my mom shakes her head. I frown instantly. Professor Juniper laughs. "Don't worry Hilda, the other two will be here soon." She said and smiled before leaving. I looked to mom, who was smiling as well and walks down stairs just as Cheren ran past her. "Oh sorry ma'am." He says looking back right as he hit the last step and fell backwards into my room.

"No worries, Cheren. Be more careful though." Was her reply as she walks away from the stairs and too her seat at the table.

I look at Cheren who was already standing back up and pushing his glasses back up his face. I heard the door open again. "About time you got here Bianca. What took you so long?" I laugh as Cheren questioned Bianca who was always late.

Her face flushed a bit. "N-nowhere. Ah! Is that the box the pokémon are in?" She asks excitedly. I nod and smile widely at them. "Of course it is?" Cheren said. "Now let's open it up and pick our pokemon. Since it arrived at Hilda's house she gets to pick first, fair?" Bianca says and Cheren agreed and I fist pumped before walking over to the box.

I stared at it a moment before finally reaching out to touch it. "Come on they must be suffocating in there." "What? That can happen?" I heard the two behind me say. I untie the bow and open the box. I saw three poke balls. I one up and smile. It had been the one to the far right which I knew was Oshawott. "I pick him. I pick Oshawott." I say and hold the ball tight in my hands smiling.

Bianca ran over and grabs Tepig. "Then I get Tepig, yay!" She shouted jumping up and down excitedly. I high-five her.

Cheren walks over to the box grabbing Snivy. "I wanted Snivy to begin with anyways." He says. I look at him as his back turn and stick my tongue out. He was such a downer sometimes. I quickly stopped as he turned back to us. Bianca was snickering. Cheren gave her a questionable look but said nothing.

"Hey I got a great idea!" Bianca says. I take a step back knowing it most likely wasn't such a bright idea after all. "Let's have a battle Hilda." I smile.

"Yeah. Let's do it." I say before thinking and already had my arm back to throw the poke ball.

Cheren glared at us before saying. "No way. Pokémon have tremendous power even when there this weak."

We roll our eyes ignoring him. "Relax. It'll be fine." We say simultaneously and throw our pokémon before he said anything else. "Go Oshawott! Show 'em your strength." I shout and smile as he looks back at me and salutes before glaring at Tepig who was being squeezed by Bianca. "Come Bianca this is when we become actual trainers let's go." I shout and she stands up fixing her hat.

"Your right. Let's start. This is when we become trainers." She says and tries to stop smiling and glare instead but ended up making a face that made her seem even less frightening.

I just give her a stoic expression. After ten years this was it. We would be leaving to day on our journey. "Who gets the first move?" I ask as Cheren pulls out a coin. I smile. He always had something.

"Heads or tails?" He asks Bianca. "Uh, uh." She stuttered. I look to Oshawott. "Well little guy?" He patted his head. "I call heads." "Then Bianca gets tails. Now to see." He says and tosses it up. As it lands Bianca and I watch steadily as if that could make it work in our favors. "Heads."

I cheer. "Oshawott use tackle." He did. "Oshawott." He shouted as he tackled Tepig and caused him to hit my wall. "Hey, I won't let you get away with that."

"Tepig, tackle!" Bianca shouts and he hits Oshawott who was sit into my lap. I watch worriedly but glare at Bianca as he got up. "You'll regret that. Oshawott, tackle again." I shout. Tepig used tail whip after. Oshawott uses tackle again as Tepig used another tail whip. Oshawott uses another tackle which sent Tepig straight into Bianca. He barely got back up but Tepig used tackle as well which did a lot of damage. I wince. "One last move. Let's end it Oshawott. Tackle!" He did so and Tepig hit the point in the wall where it merged with the ceiling and fainted. I smile. "Way to go!" I shout picking up Oshawott, who was rubbing the back of his head, and hug him tight.

Cheren glares at us. "Way to go? Look at the mess you made." We look around. "Oops." I say seeing all the tracks. Even some leading up to the city. "Crud." I mutter thinking about how long it would take to clean up. "Let me heal your pokémon." I hand him Oshawott and send Oshawott back into the ball after he was healed.

After Cheren healed Tepig Bianca spoke up. "Hey Cheren, you and Hilda should battle. Since you know more about it then us you should be able to battle without making such a mess." She says smiling slyly.

Cheren looked thoughtful for a minute. "Yeah. There no way I could make as big a mess as you two. Hilda, let's battle!" I smile. "Sure thing." He pulls out his poke ball and let's Snivy out. "Snivy let's go." "Oshawott, come out."

The battle started and Cheren watched with what seemed as simple interest as I use my stoic expression again. "Oshawott tackle." "Snivy tackle." Snivy used tackle again as Oshawott used tail whip. Oshawott tackled him as Snivy used leer. "Here we go. He's weak." I say of course Oshawott was weak to. Snivy got to use tackle right before Oshawott did sending Snivy to knock of the pillows on my bed and hit the wall landing on them. "Way to go Oshawott. That's my boy." I say and he jumps up and down before I picked him up.

Cheren picks up Snivy and quickly heals him. "I made a mistake with my first battle but it feels great. I'm finally a trainer." He says as Snivy wakes up. He sends him back.

"Alright Cheren now let's go meet the professor before my mom comes up and makes us clean this up." I say sending Oshawott back.

"Oh yes, we need to apologize for this mess as well." Cheren says as Bianca frowns. "Really? I better com too. We're going to be in so much trouble." I nod knowing that we most likely would.

I follow them down the stairs expecting the worst. We started apologizing for the mess but my mom just kept smiling. After offering to clean it up she just shook her head and said, "No worries I'll clean it up. This whole thing reminded me of my first battle. Oh you guys should be off to the professor's by now, shouldn't you?"

We nod. Cheren said he was leaving right now for that place. "I'll wait for you two so hurry up."

I giggle. Bianca's face went a little white though. "I, uh need to visit home first." She mumbled.

Mom stopped me. "Here your pokémon are tired yet them rest a bit. O and here you go dear." She handed me an Xtransciever. I followed her feeling like something was up. I catch up with her. "Bianca what's wrong?"

"I, uh, need to talk with my dad one last time to see if I can convince him that is should go." She says looking determined at her house.

"And if he says no?" I ask curious. She never went against her father before. Then again she's never had a reason before, but if she doesn't go on her journey then we won't all start our journeys together and be rivals.

"Then I'll just go anyways and prove him wrong." She says but her bottom lip quivered slightly.

I pat her back. "I'll come too." I say and follow her inside. I watch the argument. He was really against this so Bianca ended up walking out. I talk to her parents a little before for following. I sigh. Her father wouldn't listen to me either. I walk out and catch up with them at the office. I stopped when one of the neighbors paused me. "Hey do you think going on a journey changes people?"

"Of course it can, but people will change either way. It's not necessarily the journey that causes it. And who ever said a journey had to change someone the answer could be yes just as well as no." I answer and she doesn't reply for a second as if surprised before saying. "You're right. I agree." For some reason I feel like she would've said that either way.

"There you are. Come on." Cheren says and walks. I follow suit as Bianca whispers, "That's a secret okay?" I nod. As we see Professor Juniper and she was at her strange machine. She turns to us hearing the door shut. "Oh, hello. My name is Professor Juniper and today you all start your journey."

"We know who you are professor." Of course Cheren had to be a spoil sport that dude just never stops. This whole thing is a tradition doesn't he get it?

"Yes, I know that, but this is not a time to be taking these things lightly. Today is one you all should remember so we should do it right and with formality. Soo I'm professor Juniper, and T research how and when exactly the beings called pokémon started existing." She took our pokémon balls to check our pokémon. "Strange, you have already battled? Maybe that's why they already seem to have started trusting you. Oh and before I forget, would you like to nickname your pokémon?"

I shake my head no. She gives us a strange look. "Alright then. Now for why I gave you pokémon," "For the pokédex of course." Professor Juniper smiles. "Yes." Bianca gives me a confused look. "The pokédex?" "The pokédex is a device that automatically records the pokémon you catch and even the ones you encounter. So visit as many places as you can and see all the pokémon in all of the Unova region for me. So will you all go on an adventure to complete the pokédex for me?"

I look down for a moment. Almost saying no I nod yes. "I will professor." "Alright." Bianca answers as Cheren say, "Yes, thank you." He starts going on about what the professor was doing for him by doing all of this but I tuned him out and instead stared at my poke ball. In there was Oshawott, my first pokémon, my first step to my journey. I then relies the professor was talking again and look back up in time to see her hand me a pokédex.

"Now to teach you all how to catch pokémon." I give her a questionable look. I already know how to catch pokémon. I remember learning how with Cheren when we were kids. Doesn't everyone know how? "Meet me at Route 1 right outside of town." I heard her say.

"The professor said this was okay so that means I can go, right? And travel anywhere?" I look to Bianca knowing what she meant. "Yes, why wouldn't it Bianca. Now we can travel however we want to while we complete the pokédex." I left before they said anything else. I was putting my pokédex up as I walked out the door and bump into someone. I look up from my bag to see my mom. I quickly put my backpack on my back again before Bianca and Cheren stopped behind me telling me to hurry up and move.

"Hello there you three. I have something to give you. Since the professor asked you to complete the pokédex and all. Yes I knew about that so I brought you three these maps. Use them well and make sure not to get lost." I quickly put my away. "Now, good luck and have safe travels make sure to make many pokémon friends and become a good responsible adult." With that she was off.

"These maps are sure to be useful to us you two so be careful with them. Now I'll know wherever I am too. Now to Route 1, the professor is waiting." Cheren says and we hurry behind him. I smile as I followed behind my friends. After this we won't see each other as much. It saddened me a little but I held my smile. I wasn't going to ruin this day with those kind of thoughts. No way.

The professor was there waiting for us alright and had a poke ball in her hand. Bianca stopped us though and told us we should all take our first steps together. I smiled. "Yeah then we'll be together through our whole journey. Even if we end up on opposite sides of this world. We'll always be friends right and will always remember this, right?" Bianca smiles and grabs my hand. "Yeah." I grab Cheren hand and ignore the blush that appeared on his face. "Here we go." I say and we all take one step then another and another until we reached the professor. I let go of their hands as the professor starts. Juniper quickly showed us and after that I was gone.



Hope you enjoyed it. Chapter two will be out very soon.



Have any ideas on how I can approve. Then Tell me.


>