


Romancing Kise Ryouta



Prompt (from the Kuroko no Basuke Meme on tumblr):

Kise No Harem! Everyone's fighting for Kise's attention/affections. Doesn't matter who he ends up with/if he ends up with anyone.



Also posted on AO3, in case anyone prefers to read off there...? IDK.



It took Aomine a while to figure out what was going on. Strange things kept happening to him whenever Kise was involved: his heart would speed up at even a stray thought concerning the blond; playing one-on-ones with Kise quickly became his favorite thing to do; he would feel instantly disappointed if Kise canceled on him; his heart would freaking
flutter
whenever the
stupid
model flashed him that
stupid
smile. The list went on and on.

Eventually the Touou student had recognized what was happening. The realization had slammed into him all at once, just a sudden "Oh shit," moment, and he hadn't been able to look at Kise without weird thoughts invading his brain for a week.

He'd been a little freaked out by his feelings at first, but after a while he managed to accept them. He just hadn't been able to own up to them. It was lame, but he was apprehensive of rejection. Not that he needed to be; Kise would readily and openly admit to being
awed
and
amazed
by Aomine—that was practically a confession of love in itself.

Unless, of course, it wasn't. Then it was just pure admiration and nothing more.

Dammit.

Obviously Aomine wasn't just going to run up to the blond and yell, "Hey! I'm completely in love with you and I think about you more than basketball and I just noticed how attracted I am to you, so go out with me or else I might die!" Yeah, that would be embarrassing. He'd probably hang himself in shame—
especially
if Kise rejected him.

But… what else could he do?


The most reluctant to own up to his attraction towards Kaijou's small forward was definitely Midorima. In fact, he was strongly
opposed
to the idea. His heart managed to convince him otherwise soon enough.

Midorima was known for putting up a cold front and burying his real feelings under six feet of dirt, yes. That did not mean that tactic was effective for getting
rid
of these feelings, however, and then he was left with the cold (yet oh-so-warm) knowledge that he had a
crush
on (was possibly in the
L-word
with) Kise.


God. Damn. It.


Kise was the absolute
last
person Midorima expected himself to fall for—hell, falling for
Takao
made more sense than falling for Kise.
So how had it happened?


Oha asa
had
said something about startling discoveries and unlikely occurrences. Hm.

Still, no matter how he looked at it, he didn't stand a chance at gaining Kise's affections. The blond hardly regarded him with the same warmth as he did Kuroko and Aomine. It was… discouraging. It was also listed as sixth on his (long) list of reasons why things Kise-related were a bad idea.

It didn't help his case that his "tsundere" tendencies caused him to coldly retaliate towards the model. Though there wasn't much he could do about that; it was hard to repress his snappish inclinations.

Even so, it wasn't as if Kise was distant or mean towards him. Contrary, he was still his cheerful (albeit somewhat annoying) self and appeared to enjoy being with Midorima, even if the taller acted as if he hated being with the other. Surely if Kise could look past his insults and harsh statements, there was a chance…?


To be completely honest, Murasakibara didn't have a really concrete reason for liking Kise as much as he did; he just felt like the blond fit him really well. He wasn't short like Akashi or Kuroko, but he wasn't too tall either. Actually he made a nice head rest sometimes (though Midorima did too). There were a lot of qualities Kise shared with other people, and he managed to bring a lot of the things he liked in the other people he was close with, while omitting a lot of the negative at the same time.

For instance: he listened to what Murasakibara had to say and genuinely took interest like Akashi and Himuro (for the most part), but he didn't have ulterior motives or expect him to care in return. He was nice and bright like Himuro aimed to be, but he was far less angst-ridden and didn't get caught up with personal "complexes".

There's more, but Murasakibara really didn't feel like listing
everything
. That would take too long.

It was a pretty recent discovery on Murasakibara's part. To be fair, he was pretty slow with these things anyway (though nowhere near as slow as Midorima). He only started figuring things out when high school started, and he hardly saw Kise at all.
Then
he realized how much he appreciated the blond's easygoing attitude.

Though he knew it wouldn't be easy, this was something he didn't want to let go of.


Kuroko had always had a feeling, but he had never really been one-hundred-percent positive.

At first he
kind
of thought
maybe
he liked Aomine, but after several incidents he ruled that as unlikely. Frankly, Aomine could be difficult to be around a lot of the time—especially after aforementioned incidents.

But then during one of Kise's tackle-hugs on the way home from the convenience store, something… happened. Now, maybe this was triggered due to the situation at the time, but something clicked in the pale haired boy's head, and he didn't want the other to let go.

Of course, he had. He'd detached and flocked to Aomine after the tanned boy had stolen his popsicle. And in one quick moment, Kuroko had come to two realizations. The first, he had a crush on his teammate (at the time he'd only been willing to let it be a simple crush, nothing more). The second, Aomine felt the same way towards the same person.

Well.

It had become less and less of a problem as time went on; neither Aomine nor Kuroko had done anything to make themselves known, and the shadow didn't even know if Aomine himself was aware of his own feelings. Kise had been as clueless as Kuroko expected—even towards the less-than-subtle "advances" from the both of them (he uses the term advances lightly).

And Kuroko could have continued on like that just fine, if he hadn't noticed the others' lingering glances, and suddenly a crack had appeared in his carefully constructed wall.

The rest wasn't hard to figure out.

After seeing what he was really up against, Kuroko was newly determined to claim the blond for himself. He would not fall behind again.


Akashi knows.

Aomine's ongoing desire, Kuroko's misguided affections, Midorima's unwavering crush, Murasakibara's sudden revelation; Akashi Seijuurou knows quite well what his Teikou teammates are feeling towards the ever-so-oblivious Kise.

He knows, and he can't help but laugh.

Ryouta was
his
—or at least, he would be. Soon.
Very, very soon.


How Kise had end up becoming the center of Akashi's affections was a long, complicated story. Or, maybe it wasn't so long. The blond was like a loyal puppy: willing and able to do anything Akashi asked for, just wanting approval and adoration in return. It was like that almost from the start. Akashi had only formally met Kise after he'd become a regular. That was when he had decided on introducing himself and making sure the blond knew his power was absolute. He didn't expect the model's antics to grow on him. It only got worse when Ryouta really started opening up to his teammates and really applied himself. Akashi sometimes found himself smiling fondly whenever the blond would cross his mind and he started to reminisce.

He couldn't keep close enough tabs on Kise as he lived so far away, but he did well, considering. After all, no one denies Akashi Seijuurou.

The others could hope and wish and try all they want, but ultimately Akashi would be the one to sweep Kise off his feet (just because Kise is taller does not mean he can't accomplish such a feat as literally sweeping the other off the ground) and receive all of the blond's adoration and affection. Everyone else will be left behind; Akashi will take Kise to have all to himself.


You belong to me and me alone.


Languidly, Akashi flips out his cell phone and types out a quick message. He skims it over once before pressing send.

"
I know you all feel the same, but I won't let you have him."


The responses filter in quickly:

"
You're nuts if you think I'm just going to give him to you."


"
I won't lose this time."


"
Don't stand in my way; I'll crush you."


"
Don't think I'm willing to back off that easily."


Seijuurou smirks. Kise really has no idea what he's in for.


Kise Ryouta has always known he has a
magnetic
personality. He'd always been able to draw people in, whether they were compatible or clashed horribly. He had a special charm that enraptured others, held their attention. Heads would turn whenever he would pass, and he'd give them all a bright, engaging smile.

He didn't think it would backfire on him.

Now he's unwittingly caught the attention and affections of the entirety of the Generation of Miracles, all of whom prepared for a fight to the death to claim him as their own. And he was completely clueless.

Needless to say, this wouldn't be easy for anyone.



AN:

Okay, so this is my first story in forever, my first KnB story, and it's also my first prompt fill! Of course this is just a really crappy prologue... Agh.



So I wrote this in a few hours, and Word really likes to make weird corrections (like somewhere it changed "feat" to "feet". I feel like if it's a real word, it shouldn't need to be corrected. I'm looking at you, autocorrect), so if there are any weird mistakes, that's why. Please tell me if anything needs to be changed, especially in the little beginning part and Akashi's section. Like... ugh. I feel like Akashi and Murasakibara are OOC-big time. But I don't know how to fix it. So take it.



Anyway, please feel free to leave suggestions for this story! I'm definitely going to need some ideas, lol. The prompt wasn't very specific, so anything goes! :D




Who's going to make the first move? We'll see in the next chapter-whenever that is... *shrugs* Or not. Whatever.



Thanks for reading! :D


>