


JUST TO BE CLEAR THIS STORY TAKES PLACE AFTER THE WEDDING



I DO NOT OWN ALPHA AND OMEGA


prologue

Humphrey was running towards the train tracks as fast as he could he just had to get away from Jasper ...away from Kate. As he was wondering why Kate would just use him like that. He replayed her words over and over again in his head.


(FLASHBACK)



Humphrey and Kate had just gotten back from Sawtooth and stopped the packs from fighting. all of Kates friends ran up to her asking questions but Humphrey over heard one of them who said "What was it like being stuck with the stupid omega" and Humphrey being a little more curious moved a little closer to hear her answer "It was like having to watch a newborn pup he was always getting us more importantly me in danger and if i could believe me i would have been left him to die out there."Said Kate causing Humphrey to boil with anger from his hiding spot.




"So let me get this straight you would have left one of your own pack member most importantly the most loved omega Humphrey to die?"asked Sweets who had walked in when Kate was in the middle of her conversation.




"Yeah" was Kates reply before Sweets started growling with her teeth bared and ready to go "If you ever try to hurt a friend of mine or leave them for dead i will kill you"
she barked as she left to find Lily and Candy




"Well that was...entertaining was Kates reply before she turned and walked off



(FLASHBACK END)


Humphrey was so observed into his thoughts he didn't see Sweets,Lily or Candy before he ran them over causing him to fall with them.

"Ugh what or who hit us " said Lily as she got with with Sweets and Candy moaning while getting up as well

"I don't know but that hurt" said Sweets but turned her head when she heard moaning and saw Humphrey getting up.

"Humphrey what are you doing out here? And was that you who hit us?"She asked With Lily and Candy nodding there head in agreement with the question

"To answer your first question I'm leaving i'm done with this damn pack treating us omegas we we're shit and i also heard Kate saying she just used me to get back home and she would have been left me to die out there, Now the answer to your second question is simple i wasn't watching where i was going and ran into you girls."Replied Humphrey

"Wait what do you mean you're leaving"asked all 3 girls at the same time. They would never say it but they all developed a crush on Humphrey and even talked to each other and suggested they share him if they got the chance.

"I mean Just that i'm leaving " he replied walking towards the tracks but before he got far he heard Lily say "Wait" causing him to turn around and look at three girls when Lily stepped up and said "I'm going with you" causing Humphrey to be surprised and Sweets and Candy to look at each other before stepping up and saying they too will like to come with him causing him to be even more shocked.

"Well if we're going to be leaving shouldn't we get going Humphrey" said Candy getting Humphrey out of his shock and nodding his head and motioned for them to follow him and he darted of towards the train tracks with them close behind.

When they arrived they could see the train coming and Humphrey turned to say get ready and got ready to pounce. When the train passed by and they saw a open train cart they all jumped aboard and landed safely and looked at each other and smiled before Lily turned to Humphrey and said where are we going?"

"Where ever the road takes us lily where ever the road takes us" was her only reply before he lied down and looked at the setting sun and closed his eyes


END CHAPTER



YEAH PROLOGUE DONE IM GONNA TRY AND MAKE THIS AN 30 CHAPTER STORY AND I ALSO HAVE A POL OPEN ON MY STORY TRUE LOVE MEETS PK98 LOGGING OUT



>