

Pokémon: Ashchu's Lost And Found
Episode 1: The truth with confusion
Last time Ash and his partner Pikachu were heading back to their hometown of Pallet to have a rest from his pokémon journey. On his way back Ash had met up with his old friends Brock and Misty who travelled with Ash in his journey though Kanto and Johto. Ash, with Pikachu on his left shoulder, ran up to the top of the hill with Brock and Misty trying to keep up and saw Pallet Town in the distance.
"There it is Pikachu, we're back home" said Ash, Pikachu happily replied back to his trainer with a "Pika". "Ash can't you slow down just a minute, give us a chance to catch are breath." Said Misty, breathing heavily with Brock doing the same right behind her. "Ash it's only a five minute walk from here to your mother's house, can't we take it a little easy?" Brock asked. Ash rubbed his head with a little laugh "Sorry it's just that we've been away for so long in Unova I've been a little homesick."
It wasn't long before the group were on the road to Ash's house. When they arrived they saw Mimey helping Delia Ketchum with the flowers in the front garden. Delia stopped and looked up with a big smile on her face when she saw Ash and his friends back from their Journey. She got up and waited for them. "Oh Ash you don't know how happy I am to see you." Delia said continuing hugging Ash. Delia looked up and saw Brock and Misty. "And how are you two this afternoon? It's been so long since you stayed here" Misty was the first to answer "We're just fine Mrs Ketchum, how have you been?" Delia let go of Ash and answered "I've been just fine, it was such a nice day I decided to do some gardening with Mimey over here. If you two would like to stay for a couple of nights we'll be happy to set up the guest bedrooms for you and Brock."
"Thanks that's really nice of you" said Brock. "By the way I've invite Professor Oak and his grandson Gary over for dinner to night, so they will be here soon," said Delia while petting Pikachu.
"It's been ages since I've spoken to Gary I wonder what's been doing lately." Ash thinking out load, then they heard a voice behind Delia.
"It has been along time Ashy-boy"
"Gary!" shouted Ash. Delia continued smiling and asked Gary why he was early. "Well I thought It would be fun to surprise you all, and by the way it's good to see you again Ash I'm guessing that you trip in Unova went well" said Gary while offering a hand shake. Ash was a bit surprise thinking that Gary would try to make fun of him like he did back when they started their Pokémon journey in Kanto. Ash returned the hand shake and said "Thanks it went better than I thought it did me and Pikachu saw lots of Pokémon you wouldn't find here. Not to mention we've got a lot stronger the last you saw us." Gary smile on hearing this. "Well how about later we have a battle, just like the old days." Replied Gary "Sounds good to me, what about you Pikachu?" said Ash while looking down at Pikachu. Pikachu raised its paw in the air responding with "Pikachu!"
Time had past by and the group was finishing the dinner. They all sat around the dinning table with Ash and Brock on one side and Misty and Gary on the other. Delia and Professor Oak were in their own seats, by themselves on opposite sides of the table. Pikachu was sitting on Ash's lap slowly eating the last of his food. They where talking about what's been happing at the lab when Ash saw something from the corner of his eye. It was a box with a sheet over it and a photo frame upside down on top. Ash lifted Pikachu off his lap and got off the chair with everyone watching him walking over to the box.
Delia was looking very scared and felt careless of her mistake that she made. "Ash?" wisped Delia but Ash didn't hear. Ash picked up the photo seeing that it was his mom was a Pichu in her arms. Ash couldn't help noticing the date that the photo was taken was the same date of his own birth. "Hey mom, I didn't know that you had a Pichu" said Ash while continuing staring at the photo. Misty, Brock and Pikachu got up from their seats to have a look, with Pikachu jumping on Ash's shoulder again to get a closer look. "It's kind of cute don't you think Brock?" asked Misty with her hands together next to her face. "Yea your right Misty, where is the Pichu now Mrs Ketchum?" asked Brock. Delia was lost for words and didn't know what to do, but then she felt Professor Oak's hand on her left shoulder. "Maybe it's time that he knew, this is-" but Professor Oak couldn't finish his sentence because Ash cuts him off. "There's something in this box" Ash says while lifting off the sheet, but Ash was put to a stop when he heard his mom shout from the top of her lungs. "Ash don't touch what's inside, just stay far away!" Everyone was shocked at Delia's change of mood. Delia gets up, walks over to Ash next to the box and says "It's time I told you the truth and I'm so sorry". Professor Oak walked over to everyone, with Gary following and said "Delia maybe you should explain this in the other room".
Minutes later they're all in the living room with Ash, Pikachu, Misty and Brock on the three person couch. Delia and Professor Oak are sitting in seperate seats, but Gary was standing next to Ash, mainly because there was nowhere else to sit except for the floor. When everyone was comfortable Delia took a deep breath and explained everything from the beginning "I'm so sorry Ash, but I have lied to you all your life, the truth is me and my husbanded never had any children" Ash was starting to panic and millions of thoughts flooded into his head" or "His head turned into a sea of questions") "Mom what are you saying?! That I'm adopted!" Delia shock her head "Ash please try to stay calm, I know that this is a hard time for you right now, but please let me continue" Everyone looked at Ash waiting for his responce, thinking that he will just start shouting and get all worked up. But they were surprised to hear Ash's response "Okay" and with that Delia continued "One night when my husband left to be a pokémon trainer I was out in the wooded area behind are house. I recall looking for a type of berry for ingredients for the food I was going to make and sell at the market. I didn't find the berries I was looking for, but something happened on that day I would never forget. I was behind some bushes and I saw a female Pikachu holding a Pichu in her arms that looked a day old. She walked up to an open area of the forest and placed the Pichu on the floor with out waking it up. The Pikachu took two steps back while still looking at her child, but then something else caught her attention, something in the trees. I looked up and there were three or four Spearow up in the tree branches staring at the baby pichu. The Pikachu gave a nod to the Spearow and with that left the Pichu all alone and wasn't long after that the hungry Spearow attacked the defenceless Pichu. Without even thinking I jumped out to help the poor thing and chased the Spearow away. I wouldn't have believed it if I didn't just see it, the Pichu was left there to get eaten by the Spearow and its mother leaving it to die like she didn't love it. With that in mind I took I home to raise my self and I named him Ash." The room was dead silent, no one believed Mrs Ketchum at all, except for Professor Oak who believed for all this years. Gary was the first one to break the silence. "Wait just a second here! Are you trying to tell us that the Pichu and the photo is Ash! Well I'm sorry to sound rude Mrs Ketchum, but does Ash look anything like a Pichu right now!"
Professor Oak was shock at the way his grandson was talking to Delia. "Gary!" Delia replied back "No it's ok Professor, I was just about to explain that part" Everyone put all their attention back to Delia. "I was walking back home with the Pichu still in my arms fast asleep. It was a good thing I was there to chase the Spearow off or he would have been extremely hurt or worse. I was almost home when I heard a voice in my head that definitly wasn't mine. "You seem to care for that baby pokémon don't you" I was looking around but I couldn't see anyone "Who are you? Show yourself?" then I heard the voice again. "Very well" then out of nowhere a pink bubble appeared with some sort of pink pokémon in side with a long tail, it wasn't long before the bubble popped and the pokémon begin to speak. "My name is Mew I am one of the legendary Pokémon." I couldn't believe my eyes that I was talking to a legendary Pokémon, then that question came to mined "How is it that I can understand what your saying, shouldn't you be talking like most pokémon?" Mew let out a little laugh "Oh that's easy to explain, I'm a Psychic type so I can easily transmit my thoughts into your head like that." I then asked Mew why it want to talk to me, it didn't take long for Mew answer "Well I was just flying by when I saw the scene with you fighting off them naughty bird pokémon and I just wanted to know what you're planning to do next." It took me a minute to think of what to say but I got there in the end "Well I did want to have a child but my husband left on his pokémon journey a day ago and I don't know how long he'll be away for. But it's not just about me this poor thing was left to die and he needs someone to look after him and If I wont who will" Mew faces expression didn't change and just kept smiling "Well I think you will raise it just fine, but if you want I can change him if you would like" I couldn't believe it, in fact I just started to ask a lot of questions why and how, I may have over did it. "Hey all this these questions are making my head spin please slow down. So now do you want me to do it, yes or no?" and then I said yes thinking that it may have been easier not just for me but for you
"Unbelievable, but I still don't understand" says Misty with her hand rubbing her head trying to take in the story. "So what's so important in the box, when Ash was about to look you shouted at him?" asked Brock. Delia got up from the chair, picked up the box and walked over and sat in the middle of the room so everyone can see. She removes the white sheet that was hiding what was in side, revealing two stones. The first stone was white with brown stripes and the second was green with a yellow lighting bolt pattern in the middle. "Evolution Stones?" Gary said with confusion, Ash took Pikachu and kept him close when he saw that one of the stones was a Thunderstone. Delia picked up the white stone to show the group, but keeping her distance away from Ash and said "Mew said before leaving that Ash will find out in future, so mew gave these stones to me. This one was made just for Ash, if he wants to turn back in his Pichu body for any reason he can just touch this stone and it will happen. Just like a normal Evolution Stone, but if he chooses to go back it's impossible to go back as a human. We won't be able to understand him just like a Pichu. But there is some good news if you do, you will be able to keep all your memories of being a human, like when you first meet Pikachu and your first journey as a trainer." Delia puts down the stone and picks up the other "Mew also gave me this one and I think you all know about this one, it's just a regular Thunder Stone. If you did change back to your real self and I think you where ready you could use it to evolve into a Pikachu. That's everything, you now know the truth, Professor Oak was the only one I could trust to keep this secret. I'm so sorry Ash" a few tears of regret fell from her eyes. Everyone's heads turned to face Ash to hear this response, but he said nothing. Ash simply left Pikachu on the couch with Brock and walked out the front door. Pikachu tried to follow his friend, but was stopped by Professor Oak "No Pikachu maybe its best we give him a minute to think" Outside the house Ash was walking on the side of the road with his hands in his pockets. But never did Ash or anyone else find out that they were being watched by three dark figures right beside the Ketchum home.










>