

Eternal Flame


He's not sure how long he's been alone. He thinks it's been a few years but time is just one big blur and has been for quite awhile. He's so used to the quiet that when he first hears their voices he thinks that he's just hearing things. But the sounds are persistent then he…sees them. For the first time in years he sees colors. It's been so long since he saw anything other than the orange of his flames that all he can do is sit and stare. He doesn't remember that Sue's hair was so blonde or her eyes blue. Her voice is so soft and sweet in contrast to Ben's rough baritones or Reed's slightly irritating one. The Fantasticar is so…white and shiny that he ignores them and instead focuses on the vehicle and flies up to it. He reaches to touch it but is stopped by an invisible shield. Confused he turns to look at Susan who looks a little sad as she asks what happened.

He's silent as he begins to back away from them. He doesn't want to tell them about how he was captured by the Skrulls and that they did something weird to his flame. He doesn't mention the day that the Skrulls dragged Susan, Ben and Reed in, planning to hurt them like they had Johnny. He doesn't say how scared he was when they strapped her to a table, getting ready to cut her open. And he definitely doesn't tell them how, in order to save them all, he set the Skrull ship on fire, destroying everyone on it, except for his team mates. He tries not to think about how, upon their return to Earth he killed the Skrull imposters only to discover that the ones he had rescued were really the fakes. He doesn't describe the feeling of horror that spread throughout his chest as he gazed at the dead bodies lying at his feet as the world exploded in a ball of fire.

He says nothing as he sits down and tries to pretend they aren't real. There's an awkward silence then Sue wraps her arms around him and his eyes widen in shock, his flames going out as he hesitantly returns her hug. Then they're gone and Johnny is once more left alone with only his flames to keep him company.


A/N: I hope you guys liked it. This was my first ever Fantastic Four story. Please read and review!

Here's what happened: FF travel to the future and find nothing left of their world (it's just a giant ball of flames) and Johnny in the middle of it. Ten years earlier he was captured by the Skrulls who experimented on him, making it so that his flame could survive without oxygen. They then dragged in the others and Johnny killed the Skrulls so they could escape. They went back to Earth and he killed the other FF there only to discover that the ones he rescued were Skrull spies. Horrified, his powers went out of control and he blew up the whole planet.

>