


Hey guys, what's up? This is ConEmber signing in. Today I have the first chapter of a new fanfic, and it isn't Minecraft. It's with them lovely people over in the Pokémon universe. And now behold, the noob trainer, Bobby!


Bobby's POV:

I woke up that day full of excitement. I was going to get my first pokémon from Professor Beech (he's make up by me, don't look him up). I live in the Kanto region and Professor Oak passed away a year ago.


*FLASHBACK OMG*



He said he lived a good life and was ready to go. Three boys I had never seen before came and visited Professor Oak before he died. Two looked about fourteen and the other looked 12. One I knew was his grandson, Garry Oak. He was the champion of the Kanto for a brief moment before someone beat him. I think it was the other fourteen year old. The last boy was the most torn up by Prof. Oak's passing.



*FLASHBACK OVER*


I sigh as I think back to Prof. Oak's funeral. Oh well, don't cry because it's over smile because it happened right? I changed out of my pajamas and into my jeans, yellow t-shirt, and red zip-up hoodie (blue jeans, yellow shirt, red hoodie, I wonder...). I run out of my room and down the stairs and see my mom.

"Hey mom."

"Good morning Bobby, happy birthday!" She said as she went over to the fridge and brought out a cake with a picture of a pokéball on and it said "Happy Birthday Bobby!"

I smiled at the cake and then my mom, "Thanks but you do realize that we won't be able to eat this whole thing right?"

"Of course I do. That's why I made this," She went over to the fridge and pulled out a package of brownies. "These are for you," She said as she gave it to me.

"Thanks, well I'm off. Love you!" I said as I went out the door and grabbed my black and white back pack (black and white, I wonder…). As I'm heading over to the PokéLab (what I'm calling the Pokémon research place in each region) Miss Ketchum waves at me.

"Hi Bobby, where are you off to?"

"I'm going to go get my first pokémon from Prof Beech!"

"My, are you ten already? I remember when Ash was on his way to get his starter. You might want to hurry before they're all taken."

"Right, thanks," I said and started to jog to the PokéLab.

I got there in about ten minutes aand walked in. I told the receptionist, "I'm here to see Prof. Beech."

"He's right through there, Bobby," She said pointing toward a big metal door.

"Thanks Trish."

When I walked in I saw Prof. Beech (avg. height guy, brown spiky hair, green eyes) putting a code into a machine and a pokédex came out.

"Hey, Professor!"

"Oh. Good morning Bobby, happy birthday."

"Thanks, so since I'm ten can I have a starter?"

"Of course, you can choose from Charmander, Squirtle, or Bulbasaur."

Three Pokéballs were on a table and they lit up when the Professor said which Pokémon was inside of it, "I think I'll choose," I said as my hand hovered in the air over my choices, "Charmander." I grabbed the ball and let him out. He jumped into my arms like we were made for each other.

"You may give your Pokémon a nickname if you want," Prof. Beech said.

"Hm…I think I'll call him Connor," I told the Prof. Connor seemed to like it.

"It seems he likes that name," Prof. Beech said. I smiled and then Prof. Beech held out a pokédex out to me, "Don't forget, you should capture as many Pokémon as you can, use these," He said as he gave me 5 pokéballs, "Achieve Oak's dream."

I nodded, determination clear on my face, "I'll do it, for Prof. Oak."

Prof. Beech smiled, "Good boy, now go on. Start your journey."

I put Connor on the ground and ran toward the door, him at my side. My journey has begun…


6 months later


Now was the time, I was in the championship of the Pokémon League. I was up against a guy named Orange, he had a Ninetails, Arcanine, Rapidash, Magmar, Flareon, and his own Charizard. We were both down to our final Pokémon. His Charizard just knocked out my Raichu. Time for Connor to come out, "Go, Connor!" And out he came, Connor was a level 53 Charizard with a pretty good physical attack move set.
Time for the secret weapon
I thought. "Connor, use Shadow Claw!" Connor slashed at the other Charizard with claws of darkness but he dodged.

"Charizard, use fire blast!" Orange said. His Charizard shot a five pointed geyser of flames at Connor.

"Dodge it!" I screamed. Connor tried to roll out of the way but the attack was too fast. Connor was hit and he was blasted straight out of the battle field, "Connor!" I yelled and ran over to him.

"It appears that Connor has been sent out of the battle field and is disqualified, Orange is your new Pokémon league champion!"

I got down on my knees in front of Connor and his eyes were closed, I cried. I had come so far, and in less time than it takes to say it I was wiped out. Like I was nothing. Connor opened his eyes slowly and tried to get up, "Don't worry buddy," I said, "You can rest now, the battle's over." He still tried to get up, "You can rest," I said stroking his side. He stopped trying, just laid down, and fell asleep.

I smiled like a parent smiling at their child, "Return," I said and a red beam of light came out of his pokéball.

Orange came over, "Hey, thanks for the challenge. To be honest I thought you had me a few times."

"No problem," I said getting up, "Congrats on your win, you earned it." I patted his shoulder as I walked out of the coliseum.

He walked up next to me and said, "You deserve it just as much as me, the only reason I won is because I had more time."

"What do you mean?" I asked

"I mean, I've been training longer," He said, "Tomorrow marks a year of me being at this." After he said that he looked up at the sky.

"Congrats on the anniversary then, and thanks for trying to make me feel better."

"No problem," He said, "After the award ceremony I'm going off to the Kalos Region. Want to come with me?"

"Kalos?" I said.

"It's the place where they discovered all the newest Pokémon," He explained.

"Yeah, sure. Why not?" I said.


Three years later…


"Bobby, look out!" Orange exclaimed.

I turned around and saw a viscous looking red flying Pokémon coming right at me. I rolled to the right and dodged it.
Where are rock types when you need them?
I thought to myself.

"Tyranitar, use stone edge!" Orange said.

"Tyran!" His Tyranitar screamed as it sent sharp stones at the mysterious Pokémon.

The Pokémon flew around the stones. It then went for Tyranitar with a move I had never seen before, its wings turned all black and it slashed Tyranitar's chest. "I didn't want to have to do this," I mumble and pull out a pokéball, "Go, Connor!"

Connor came out with a roar letting the other Pokémon know he wasn't afraid of it. The mysterious Pokémon attacked Connor with the same move it used on Tyranitar, he rolled and dodged it. "Connor, use Dragon Claw!" Connor had grown quite a bit since we came to Kalos, he was now level 76 and he had a mega stone. It was a gift from Prof. Sycamore. He slashed at the Pokémon with his now glowing claws. He hit it and the Pokémon fell from the sky.
It's worth a shot
I thought, "Go ultra-ball!" The red beam of light pulled in the mysterious Pokémon and it shook three times and it clicked, signaling that the Pokémon was caught, "YES!" I screamed, "Connor, return." The pokéball once again pulled him in.

"Nice job man," Orange said as he patted my back.

"Thanks," I said still excited.

"I didn't realize that Connor was that strong," Orange stated, "He sent that thing out of the sky with one hit. He's really coming along."

"Yeah, I guess he is," I said thoughtfully.

"If you went back to Kanto you'd win all the matches you get in."

"I guess," I said.

"It's almost unfair for him to be that powerful AND have a mega-form to fall back on."

"It is unfair, he's too powerful to use in actual battles. I can't believe this, he has actually become too powerful for anyone to even make him break a sweat, even that thing. It was probably a legendary for Arceus' sake! *Sigh* Orange, I'm going to back to Kanto."

"What? Why?"

"I need to set Connor free, he'll be happier in Charizard Valley than in a freaking 3 by 3 ball."

"Alright, I understand, I'll go with you."


Alright guys I would just like to say that this story will not be in all Bobby's POV, it will be from Connor's and if you have any OC's that are POKEMON please send them in via the reviews. Use the following form to do so:



Name:



Species:



Gender:



Trainer (optional):



Level:



Moves (4 max.):



Item:



Shiny (yes or no):



Personality:



Appearance:



Nature:



Thanks for reading and I'll write ya later guys, tell me if I should continue with this


>