



AN: Originally written for a challenge I participate in, I decided to post these drabbles here in a collection and see what kind of reaction they get. I just recently got into the show and am still in season 1 in my viewing. Lee Adama and William Adama have really captured my attention though and inspired my muse. I'm contemplating writing a longer story but we'll see. Would love to hear feedback if you are so inclined but either way, enjoy!




Disclaimer: Battlestar Galactica and it's characters are not mne, I'm simply borrowing them for amusement.




Prompt: Pratt -


"It's a tragedy and believe me I'm not saying different but he… he wanted to be part of something bigger than himself." - 'ER'



Starring up at the ceiling, Lee Adama reached under his pillow and withdrew the photograph he had hidden there. Looking at the image of his dead brother he contemplated once again whether President Roslin was right - was he not over Zac's death?

It had been over two year's. Sure he had grieved but he had gone on with his life. He had returned to the cockpit and continued with his career - the same career that had claimed Zac's life. He had gone on angry with his father about pushing Zac toward the military in the first place. It was his father's career as a pilot that had lead Zac to wanting to fly in the first place. Lee knew that because it was the same thing that had brought him to this way of life. He had spent two years believing that it was his father's fault that Zac was dead. After all, not only had he lead both his sons to the Colonial Fleet but William Adama's name had granted Zac favor to obtain a position that he didn't have the skills for.

Only it hadn't been his father's name that had gotten Zac his wings but his fiance's inability to fail him in basic flight. For two years he had been blaming his father when in truth Kara was the reason Zac was in a cockpit when he didn't belong there.

So why didn't he hate her after he had found out the truth? Did it really matter?

Figuring out the answers to those questions wouldn't bring Zac back. No matter what the reason was, Zac had still been in the accident that claimed his life. Any way you looked at it, his little brother had died too young because he had wanted to be a part of something bigger than himself. A part of something he wasn't ready for.

With a heavy sigh, Lee reached behind him and slipped the picture back under his pillow. If he truly wasn't over Zac's death after two years than what would another few days mean.

>