


AN: To my guess reviewer of the last one, yes I can see how it could go either way but it was intended to be Cally. I hate the Lee/Kara ship. So on that note, here is more of my Lee/Cally shipping. :)



Sitting at the bar in the Starlight Lounge, Lee Adama found himself smiling. Smiling wasn't something he did much these days, but he had to admit it felt good. He also knew that the reason he was smiling was the lady sitting next to him at the bar. Listening to her talk, to tell simple tails of what went on the hangar deck when he wasn't around, was relaxing somehow.

Though he had come here tonight with the intent of drinking alone, Lee hadn't protested when Cally asked if she could sit next to him. After all, one of the first things he had learned about Galactica was that Cally was the ship's, particularly the hangar deck's, ray of sunshine. Everyone found it hard to deny her anything, and Lee counted himself among them. He actually felt flattered that she had chosen to strike up a conversation with him tonight.

Perhaps it was flirting with breaking regulations. After all, he was an officer and she was enlisted crew. According to the regs, he shouldn't be fraternizing with her. As CAG, it was even more important that he set an example for the officers serving under him. Then again, the fraternization regs had been loosely upheld ever since he had come aboard the ship. Since the Cylon attack, perhaps they weren't so important anymore. After all, they had limited number of people with whom they could talk with to begin with.

Besides, it wasn't the only regulation getting bent following the Cylon attack. Technically, he shouldn't be serving on Galactica as his father commanded the ship. As Galactica was currently the only military vessel, and every pilot was needed, it was something that had to be over looked. Not to mention, neither he nor Cally were in uniform and Lee had no intentions of letting this go any further than a conversation over drinks.

It wasn't that he didn't find Cally attractive and she certainly had a winning personality. In other circumstances, Lee could see himself falling for her.

But taking a relationship that far was a long way from this flirting with regulations that didn't seem all that important in their current situation.

So what was the harm in sharing a conversation over drinks with a fellow shipmate?

>