


First publication of 2014, this is a series of oneshots starring the threesome of Arthur, Lovino, and Angelique. I thought, "Hey, I like EngSey. I like Engmano. And RomaSey sounds cool. Why not?"



I'm really proud of the ones I have so far. I hope you like them, too!



442 words



FIGHT

Their first major fight is their last major fight, and it is vicious.

Angelique doesn't know how it started or even what it's about, really. All she remembers is that one minute Arthur and Lovino are making sarcastic comments and the next they're screaming at each other, and Angelique is trying desperately to calm them down.

Lovino shoves Arthur and the blond stumbles backwards, crashing into the dining table and sending his tea cup to the floor.

Angelique screeches and Arthur takes a step back, barefoot onto the broken china before rocketing forward and slugging Lovino in the face.

Lovino reels back, stunned while Arthur chokes back a sob and hisses something at him before storming past him up the stairs. Lovino spits out some blood onto the floor, onto the broken china and the puddle of tea and Arthur's own blood, and then stomps upstairs too and slams the door behind him.

The fight is over as quickly as it began.

Arthur walks painfully into his studio, crumples to the floor and cries.

Lovino kicks the wall of his room and yells and curses himself the world over.

And Angelique stays in the kitchen, cleaning up the pieces of the broken china and wondering if it will be that easy to pick up the pieces of her relationship.


It is.

Later that night, when the yells have ceased and the floor is clean once more, Angelique walks up the stairs into the second floor hallway. The house is dark, all dark except for the orange light glowing from the bottom of one door - Arthur's room.

She cracks the door open and there they are, curled on top of the covers together. Arthur's hands are in Lovino's shirt as Lovino whispers apologies to him and Arthur nods, murmuring words of his own, and they both look at her in tandem.

Angelique closes the door behind her, kneeling on the bed as both boys come to her and embrace her together. Wrapped in their comforting warmth, she closes her eyes and tries not to let any tears escape.

"I know you guys... I know
all of us
have really bad tempers, and I know that this isn't gonna be perfect and we're gonna fight sometimes, but... I want this to work," she whispers the last part, lacing her fingers together in both of theirs and bringing their hands together, so all three are holding hands.

Arthur kisses her cheek, lanky arms wrapping around her and Lovino gracefully pulls them down to sprawl across the bed and when she falls asleep with her two boys around her, Angelique knows that this will work.

>