


In which I introduce two new characters and past USUK that may or may not ever be explored. I finally got my laptop back, which means with NaNo, updates will be a lot more frequent now!



799 words



SECRET

They keep it a secret, at first.

They have to; they themselves don't even know the mechanics of this strange new relationship. They don't know what to call each other or what's appropriate and what's not and they certainly don't know how to introduce each other.

But of course, as all secrets do, it eventually slips out.

Angelique is the first to let it slip, of course - she's the least private of the three of them, even if Lovino's used to playing nice with people and buttering them up and generally being social. (Arthur's just Arthur.) She doesn't mean to, but when two handsome men take up most of your free time, and your best friend starts pestering you about your love life, it's hard not to slip up.

Elizabeta is ecstatic, of course. It's strange, having someone know, but Angelique likes having someone to gossip with about how nice Lovino's ass is (very nice) and Arthur's latest attempt at cooking (not so nice) and not have it seem weird.

But Elizabeta can take it a bit far, at times. The first time that she meets the two of them, she immediately asks "How's the sex?" and Angelique is pretty sure both her boys are about to die from embarrassment.

But she likes it, and after Arthur and Lovino's faces have returned to their natural colors, and Elizabeta has frolicked off to get something to eat, she asks them if they're angry at her for telling someone, and of course they're not. They could never be.

Lovino and Arthur are a different story, though. Lovino doesn't tell anyone - he's not close to anyone at work, and there's no way in hell he's going to tell his family. To this day he still has no idea how Feliciano found out, only that one day he got a text from his brother asking when he was going to invite them over for dinner, and that he should do it soon because Feliciano was dying to show off his new pasta-making skills. And that was that.

Arthur has no desire to tell anyone, ever. If it were up to him, he'd keep their relationship a secret forevermore. He's just a very private person - nobody else needs to know about his romantic life!

Of course, someone ruins that plan. And of course, it's Alfred, because Alfred ruins most of Arthur's plans when the guy randomly shows up to visit before going on some road trip or other thing. The stupid American lives hours away and yet he still manages to show up at the most inopportune of times.

Which is how Alfred finds out, of course.

Arthur is arguing the merits of bagged tea versus looseleaf tea with Angelique when the doorbell rings, and Angelique springs up to get it. She swings the door open and comes face to face with Alfred, and everyone is rather stunned by his appearance, and then Alfred gestures to her and says "So this is why you won't let me stay at your apartment anymore. I didn't know you were straight," and Angelique slams the door in his face and then opens it again and then Lovino pops his head out of his bedroom, shirtless and wet after his shower and yells "Close the fucking door, it's cold outside", and Alfred gapes, and Arthur flees to his studio and barricades himself in there for an hour before Angelique and Lovino manage to coax him down.

It's a mess, and Arthur's an embarrassed mess, but when all is said and done, he sits at the living room table and stares at his hands and wonders what Alfred thinks of him. Not that he cares what the American thinks - not that he cares what anyone thinks. But still.

And Alfred just grins and looks stupidly triumphant, and the first thing he says is "I knew you were a kinky motherfucker" and Arthur almost runs back upstairs before Angelique grabs his arm.

They kick him out, of course - there's barely enough room for three of them in the apartment, and Lovino doesn't even live there - but not before Arthur makes it clear what kind of a relationship this is.

It's not just a casual tryst every once in a while, which is what most people assume when they hear the word "threesome".
This is a very committed relationship
, Arthur explains, and Alfred nods. He makes Alfred promise not to tell anyone and somehow, the American keeps that promise.

Because as with all secrets, it eventually slips out. That doesn't mean they want it to.

>