


Hello everyone and welcome to my new story, Another Place and Time. I got the idea when watching a youtube video (helps that I was upset and pissed so I felt like toying around with something new)



Alright, I do not own these characters so without further ado, let us begin!



Chapter One

I opened my eyes with a groan, blinking and looking around in the dark. I was in an alley, actual cars with wheels whizzing past me. I started hyperventilating, gripping my head to try and remember what had happened, how had I gotten here?


"What do you want with me?" I yelled, glaring at the unknown alien. Its skin was a dark purple, almost black. They would have looked human had it not been for the skin and completely vibrant, neon blue eyes and the knives that came out sideways from their arms.



"You are the infamous Captain James T. Kirk." The alien stated. So they knew English, that's great. "Open communications with the Enterprise."



"Captain!" Spock's frantic face appeared in front of me and before I could answer the alien grabbed me by the back of the neck, picking me and placing a blade on my neck.



"Leave now and we will not kill your Captain." The alien said.



"If we leave, you will give him back." Spock growled. I have never seen him more pissed.



"No. But we will send him somewhere." The crew started laughing.



"Spock, I'm not worth the crew's lives, just go." I grunted. I cried out as I was thrown to the ground.



"You like him, don't you?" The leader growled, dragging up by the arm and gripping my head so that I had no choice but to look in to Spock's eyes.



"We will not leave without you." He said, stubborn.



"Tell your crew, Captain, how you feel about your first officer!" The alien said, laughing as I flinched.



"He's one of my best friends, like a brother really." I growled. The alien sharply tugged on my hair, causing me to cry out in pain.



"The truth, Captain, and we'll leave and let them live." He said. Spock's eyes had gone wide and he looked frozen in place. Uhura was standing, looking at me in shock as though she had figured it out.



"Fine." I spat. "I love him."



"Captain." Spock said simply, blinking as the crew seemed to all stare at me in pity. They knew, they weren't blind, but they were content to let me have my pride. Because as smart as Spock is, he didn't know yet. Uhura said something so quietly to Spock that I couldn't hear, but he nodded once.



"Let my T'hy'la go." He growled. I stared in shock, not knowing what that word meant. But Uhura gave me a sad smile before turning away. The hands released me and I was about to stand when it felt like I was paralyzed, something tugging inside of me.



"You said let him go, you never said where."



"Where are you sending him!?" He yelled. I stared in to his eyes and felt afraid once more, trying to keep the images of my death out of my mind.



"An alternate reality. We'll even be so kind to send him where a version of yourself is." There was a dark chuckle and I cried out, folding in on myself as lights started to form at my feet. My head shot up and locked eyes with the man I loved more than anything.



"Spock, I'm sorry." I said. I didn't hear his response, the light had over taken me.


I tried to calm my breathing. Alternate reality…. He said a version of Spock would be here, he would help me! I looked around, a man walking past the alley. I have to be realistic, there was no way I would find him. This earth looked as big as our own, there was no way I would find him…

I grunted, pulling myself to my feet, using the wall for support, my entire body hurt. Limping, I made my way to the entrance of the alley, walking out just in time to run in to someone. The man stiffened, turning around.

"I'm sorry, I didn't see you." I said, looking up and having my breath taken away. "Spock!" I yelled, throwing my arms around him. I felt him go rigid and stopped, slowly pulling away.

"Sorry, I forget sometimes that because of the touch telepathy you don't like to be touched." I said, laughing slightly. My laughter broke off when I looked at him.
Really
looked at him.

His hair was disheveled in a sexy kind of way, fine stubble along his cheeks and eyes that looked… wrong. Evil and dark. I looked down at his black t-shirt, black jeans combo and my eyes shot back up to his. Then a smile spread across his face and I stumbled back in fear. This Spock was very, very wrong.

"Touch telepathy, you say? Interesting." Suddenly I was thrown against the wall, held there by an invisible force as I grunted and struggled. "How do you do it? Do you just touch them and you see their thoughts?"

I stared at him as he walked a little closer, looking around every now and then to be sure we were alone. Why was he asking me about his own abilities?! Then I saw his normal, human ears and it sank in.

"I don't do that, I can't do that! I don't know, I thought you could, Spock!" I said, trying to move. He tilted his head, okay, some of his habits were the same.

"Why do you keep calling me Spock?" He asked, pinning me with a glare.

"Because I thought that was your name!" I protested, my struggling increasing when he got closer. "Okay, I'm going to take a chance here and tell you everything, just let me down!"

"The way I see it, you don't have a choice. Either you tell me or you die." He growled. I cried out as the pressure increased.

"Okay! I'll tell you! I'm Captain of the U.S.S. Enterprise! I was taken from my ship by god damn aliens who sent me to an alternate reality, here! And you are the alternate version of my best friend, Spock! I would do anything for you, please, let me down!" I said quickly. He looked at me for a second, then started laughing his ass off.

"You really expect me to believe a stupid story like that?" He said with a smirk. God it was weird to see him with emotion. He's going to kill me, this version of someone I love is going to kill me. I blinked then remembered something.

"My wallet! My wallet is in my back, left side pocket! It has a picture of you and me in it!" I said frantically. He sighed, rolling his eyes before releasing his hold on me. My ankle jarred as I hit the ground on all fours, crying out quietly. He grabbed me by the back of my neck, god I was getting sick of that, and reached in to my back pocket, retrieving my wallet and opening it.

"What…" He said quietly, releasing me. I figured it was best to just stay down, but I looked up at him as he gingerly pulled out the pictures I kept in there, flipping through them. They were burned in my memory, I stared at them so much. The first one was a picture I took of him while he wasn't looking, the second one of both of us in our uniforms, the third was my favourite though. We were on the bridge of the enterprise and I had a grin on my face, my arm resting on his shoulder while he looked down at me, an eyebrow raised and a small smile on his face. I was pulled out of my revere when he grabbed me by the arm, hauling me to my feet, a look of pure rage on his face.

"What is this!?" He yelled. I tried not to flinch, but I saw, despite his anger, that he held the pictures with such care.

"Those are pictures of me and Spock. He's a Vulcan, an alien. But he means a lot to me. You mean a lot to me." I said, reaching out and just lightly putting my fingers on the edge of the picture. He was staring at my favorite one.

"You're not just lying to stop me from killing you. You're a normal human." He muttered, staring at me incredulously.

"Alright, if a man from a future, alternate reality who has pictures of another you is normal, than okay, yes." I said. "Please, put them back in my wallet, those mean a lot to me."

To my surprise, he did what I asked him to, handing me back my wallet, grabbing me by the neck right afterwards, studying me.

"I want to know everything." He said, releasing me. "Keep up and follow me."

"No offense, seriously, but the other Spock is a lot nicer than you." I said, limping after him, trying not to show my pain. He looked over his shoulder at me with a smirk. "Okay, except the one time that I purposely pissed him off and he beat the shit out of me." He laughed, looking down at my ankle and rolling his eyes before, rather roughly, grabbing my arm and throwing it around his shoulders, his arm snaking around my waist to hold me up. I hid my smile, he didn't care, he was doing this for his own purposes.

"My name isn't Spock." He said quietly. "I would appreciate it if you would stop calling me that."

I looked up at him, getting the feeling that if I called him Spock again I would regret it. Despite how violent he was, I still had the urge to kiss him. While Spock might have kissed me back, I think this guy would kick my ass.

"Then what's your name?" I asked, trying not to lean on him as much as possible. He groaned, rolling his eyes again and his grip tightened, pulling me on to him more fully. Okay, leaning on him is okay, I'll just pretend I'm snuggling… Nope, not gonna pretend that, it's a little creepy with this guy. We stopped at a building, highly aware of the fact that he hadn't answered me yet. Then his eyes met mine and I realize I had been staring. He seemed to study me again before looking away.

"Sylar."



Alright! Thank you for reading, please review and check out my other stories!


>