


Hey all, so sorry for not posting for so long. It's a long list of laptop dying, finally getting a computer, but unable to find the hard drive with all my writing and documents on it -.- I hope you guys enjoy and I apologize for how unreliable I am and thank you for still sticking with me.


Chapter Eight

Sylar started laughing, spinning around and flicking his fingers, sending the future Hiro flying like he were nothing more than a rag doll. I jumped in front of him, shoving him back as my anger gave me courage.

"You will not hurt my friends." I said, taking a step forward. My head snapped to the side like he had slapped me and I felt blood trickling down. Slowly, I turned my eyes back to him, pure hatred filling my soul. He was smirking, looking at me like I was a fool.

"You should have read the fine print James. I will never love you, but I will use you and I will protect you. If I tire of you, I will get rid of you by any means. I am not your boyfriend, you are my
pet
." He spat.

"I will never be your pet, Sylar. You're just a scared little boy who killed his own mother." I said, my voice quiet but dangerous. He looked like he had been slapped before his face turned to outrage.

"How did you know that?" He growled, taking a step forward. I realized what I said and was just as shocked as him but didn't show it.

"Same way that I know you killed your first victim by smashing them over the head. Or how you killed Hiro's girlfriend, the pretty red head, while she was opening a can of tomatoes." I took a step forward with every sentence and he mirrored me by backing up. "Knowledge is power, Sylar, and I have it. I also know you killed the wrong cheerleader, you stupid fucking idiot."

"Shut up." He said, but his voice was weaker.

"You want me to replay every single moment of that night you visited your mother's, Gabriel?" I whispered. His eyes were clenched closed and he was pressing himself in to the wall.

"James. Enough." Hiro said. I snapped out of it, grabbing my head as a headache started to form. "You wouldn't kill the man you love. You would not use your T'hy'la's information against him."

"You're right." I murmured, backing away as Sylar slid down the wall.

"You should go now, and so should I." He said, nodding at me. I swallowed my bile and nodded, not even phased as he disappeared.

"How did you know that?" Sylar said weakly behind me.

"I just concentrate and I know everything about you. Especially things you don't want me to know." I turned around, noticing his eyes open but staring past me like I wasn't there. "Why, are you going to cut me open and steal that power from me now? Cause I won't go down without a fight."

"I lose my temper. That's how my mother died too…." He whispered. I saw a tear fall down his cheek and instantly felt like shit. "If he says I'm going to kill you, you should go… cause… I don't want to."

"Then don't." I said, kneeling down.

"I can't stop it!" He yelled. "I want to be special. I want to have all the powers, James." He said, his eyes darkening.

"I think you're special just the way you are." I said. I reached out and gently touched his cheek, then got to me feet and turned around.

"But you'll still leave me." He said.

"I'll survive any way I can. I don't think you would kill me if you just smartened the fuck up. But you've already proven that you will hit me and I will not stick around to be your pet."

"I didn't mean that…. I really didn't, please don't leave me alone." His small voice almost made me break but I took a deep breath.

"I'll come by every now and then, but I can't stay here, Sylar. Not until you learn to control your anger." And with that I left the bathroom, stopping quickly to get my wallet, my Starfleet pin and my phaser, then I went to go find a phone.

"Hello?" Ando answered. I had swiped a few quarters off a table in the shop before, glad that I didn't have to call collect again.

"Hey Ando, it's James." I said.

"Captain! I thought you-."

"No I didn't leave, I chose to stay and I changed my reason for staying." I said, sighing and looking around me at the weird streets. "Is Hiro there?"

"Um, yeah, hold on." I heard him yell something in another language before suddenly Hiro was on the phone.

"Jim! What happened?"

"I changed my reason for staying. I'm changing sides on one condition." I said, fiddling with the phone cord. So weird.

"What?"

"I want to change Sylar. I can't do that staying with him, I um, I'll explain more in person, can we meet for coffee? I'm right by Luna Café." I said.

"Yeah, sure!" He said, hanging up before I could say anything else. I looked down the street and blinked, backing up a step. I was seeing things, there's no way I was seeing him there. He walked forward and suddenly a blue shirt stepped in to view.

"I came to warn you before he could find you, but I was too late. Stay behind me." Spock said, looking behind me for only a moment.

"How did he get out?" I asked, taking a stabling breath.

"I do not know, but he was stowing away aboard the Enterprise and got off when we came to get you." He said. His hand found mine and I gripped it tightly.

"Let me fight my own battles, Spock." I whispered. I couldn't keep hiding behind people.

"Captain, I must insist-."

"Not captain here, Spock. Just James." I said, stepping out in front of him as he reached us. I stood my ground, shoulders back as I met his dark gaze. This man was the reason I was alive, this man was the cause of all those deaths a year ago. And I would not let him destroy the piece of heaven and hell I had found here.

"Shall we begin?" Khan said, tilting his head.

>