


A little tale about hope, strength, and a strong frendship between trainer and Pokemon. I don't own Pokemon gamefreak does.



It began with a fairy tale. A story he loved since he was a kid. The story gave him hope to carry out his dream. His parents where always worrying over him, terrified that he would collapse and fall, but the tale gave him strength to carry on.

A soldier is what he felt like against the battle of his health. A soldier with one leg like the one in the story, weaker than the others but braver than them. Sicker than other trainers; doctors say that the journey could be fatal for him, but his willpower was too strong for him to give into his illness. His parents notice his health improving, but still worried about their son like any parent would be.

He started with his Ralts who only knew one attack but it didn't matter to him, a Pokémon was a Pokémon no matter how common, annoying or weak it was, and with each other's help they'll become stronger. The battles were hard and took its toll on him as well, but after every defeat he would always bounce back and become stronger and like his Ralts he evolved with it.

But it was on this day he challenged the champion. He had entered with confidence and his Gardevoir by his side believing that he was going to make it all the way.

They say that when a soldier falls he falls with honour. The battle was hard just like the battle on the inside. He knew that this would be his strongest battle ever. He commanded his Gardevoir to his greatest victory, as he faced his greatest defeat.

He collapsed to the ground at the end of the battle. Help was called but it wasn't enough, his Gardevoir placed his head on its lap as tears fell on his motionless face. A sheet of torn paper fell from his pocket. His Gardevoir opened the paper glancing at it, only to drop it. The cries of the Pokémon became greater. It was a sight no one wanted to see.

He was buried in his home town. His head stone was of a soldier with one leg. His Gardevoir sat beside the grave never moving from its spot, the Pokémon soon turned to stone. The torn paper fell from the stone Gardevoir and landed in front of the plaque.


'The steadfast tin soldier greatest victory was also his greatest defeat'




I know, I know, it's sad. Please review, follow or add to faves.


>