


The creation of Cloud Kingdom



Banish from my own kind



(Note this is before Celestia and Luna became princesses of Equestria I following the story from Heart's warming eve from season 3. It was mostly likely that the princesses we'rent princesses back then so I hope you enjoy it!)


In the many years when the three tribes were fighting and auguring at each other, in the tribe of the pegasusi was a pony who was second in command from the pegasusi. His name is Noble Laureate, he didn't believe in his commander`s ways and wanted to leave the tribe but at the same time didn't want to leave.

"Commander!" shouted Noble as he saluted his commander "We have reports that the unicorns, have ask more food from the earth ponies!"

"Those unicorns!" shouted Hurricane as she stop her hooves "Who do they think there are?!"

"Their just looking for some food" said Noble

"What, did you says?!" ask Hurricane as she shouted at him "Do you dare betray your own kind! Of this none pegasusi? These earth ponies and unicorns?"

"No, sir!" shouted Noble "I'm sorry"

"Just go and tell the food squared to get more food!" shouted Hurricane as she watch Noble fly off.

After informing the food squared Noble went home to think about what happen

"This is not right" said Noble while he removed his armor "We, don't need to fight for food! Maybe I should just leave with ponies who don't wants this too?"

Noble spent the rest of the night thinking about this chance of betraying his own kind. And leaving on his own with a few ponies that might go with him, the next morning when Noble arrived at his station he was stop by a mare.

"Hello, Noble" said the mare as she tap on his shoulder

"Hello, Elsie" said Noble as he smiled at his marefriend

"How are you going to see, Commander Hurricane?" ask Elsie as she kiss him on the lips

"Yes" said Noble as he smiled at her "How are you?"

"Just fine, Noble!" said Elsie as she smiled at him

"That great to hear!" said Noble while he opened his wings "I need to go"

"Bye!" shouted Elsie as she waved at him

Noble reported himself to Commander Hurricane but to his surprise he saw that, Hurricane ordered the army in an attack formation.

"Commander, what happening?" ask Noble as he look at the army

"Where going to attack the unicorns!" shouted Hurricane as she stump her hoof

"why? What did they do?" ask Noble

"They are taking too much food from the earth ponies!" shouted Hurricane

"This isn't right!" shouted Noble as he removed his helmet "You can't do this! You're going to hurt innocent mare and foals!"

"If that what's needed to get more food! Then so be it!" shouted Hurricane as she smiled at her plan.

"I won't let you!" shouted Noble "I`m going to stop you!" yelled Noble as he walk towards Hurricane.

"Are you?!" ask Hurricane as she motions the guards to arrest Noble "Then you can send the rest of your life banish!"

"What?!" said Noble as he look in shock "But Commander?!"

"Kick him out!" shouted Hurricane as she watches him leave

As the guards bought Noble to the edges of the pegasusi territories, he pass many ponies who were all stuns to see Noble arrested.

"Noble?!" shouted Elsie as she watches her friend being carried away "What happening?!"

"It's nothing, Elsie" said Noble "Just stay here!"

"Noble!" said Elsie as she look at Noble being carried away along with all the other Pegasus.

Noble got push out of the Pegasus territories and look back at his home, where he was born, raised, became a guard and many more memories. As he was about to walk to the unknown, one of the guards who bought him said something to him.

"Noble, I will tell your story" said the guard as he smiled at him and left to find her partner

"My story?" said Noble as he look at his home one last time

Five days as pass since Noble was banish from the Pegasus he managed to find food, water along with shelter. When he suddenly heard some noise from the forest, he quickly toke a stick and waited to see who it is.

"Who is it?!" shouted Noble as he waited for a response

"Noble!" shouted a mare voice as she revealed herself to him

"Elsie!" said Noble as he couldn't believe his eyes "What are you doing here?"

"I came here to be with you" said Elsie as she hug Noble

"But, its much safer with the other pegasusi!" said Noble "Go back!"

"A life without you is like being banish" said Elsie as she hug Noble once more "And, I didn't come alone!"

"What?!" ask Noble as he look towards the sections where Elsie came out from

To Noble amazement he saw many Pegasus coming out from the bush, not only citizens but many of Commander Hurricane guards!

"What`s going on?!" ask Noble as he look at everypony

"Once we all found out about you trying to stop, that attack on the unicorns. We all finally saw that this fighting between the three tribes is ridicules! All this fighting for food and thinking one is better than the other. We should all live in a equal land where unicorns, pegasusi and earth ponies can help each other and not asking something in return" said Elsie as she look at all the ponies who came with her

"You taught us that!" said the guard who banish Noble

"I did!" said Noble as he couldn't believe a small action cause all of this "But, we don't have a place to live?"

"We, can find a land and make it equal for everypony" suggested Elsie as she smiled at him

"That a great idea!" said Noble as he thought about it

"We should start our search!" said Elsie as she opened her wings

"Tomorrow, you should rest" said Noble "Tomorrow, our search for the perfect home where everypony can live equally with no fighting!"

Continue reading for Are those Alicorn!


End


>