


The creation of Cloud Kingdom



Welcome to Cloud Kingdom


Noble and Elsie both decided to wait until the castle was complete built and at the coronation to become mare and colt. Noble and Elsie and along with every other pony have been receiving news about the three tribes thinking about making peace.

"Highness" said a pony as he bowed at him

"Yes" said Noble

"Hum...well..." said the pony as they was hesitation in his voice

"What the matter?" ask Noble

"Well Commander Hurricane wants to meet you" said the pony

"What?!" said Noble in complete shock "Are you sure?!"

"Yes he came himself" said the pony "Somehow he found us"

"Okay I`ll take care of this" said Noble "Where is she?"

"She in front of the castle" said the pony

"Alright thank you" said Noble as he headed towards the pre made entrance

Noble headed to towards the castle entrance and saw Commander Hurricane waiting for him.

"Hello Commander" said Noble as he approach his old commander

"Noble Laureate I see you doing well in your banishment" said Hurricane as she look around the castle

"Yes banishment was good for me" said Noble as he grinned at her "I heard that you might make peace with the two other tribes"

"Yes word got out quickly" said Hurricane

"Well those tribes have been fighting for years" said Noble

"Yes they were for two generations really" said Hurricane

"I don`t want to be rude but why are you here?" ask Noble as he stared

"I want you to return to my side and help me and the other tribes keep peace between each other" said Hurricane

Noble took a few moments to think about the proposal "I would love to help you and the other tribes but I cannot leave my fellow ponies. They followed me though everything we went some even left their family and friends for me"

"I see" said Hurricane "I understand" as she turned around and opened her wings "You have a very nice Kingdom, Noble"

"Thank you" said Noble as he watch her leave "Commander!"

"Yes" said Hurricane as she stop mid air

"I would like to bring two ponies I know to help us?" ask Noble

"Of course bring them" said Hurricane as she smiled

Noble kept his promise with Commander Hurricane and help her, the other tribes and Celestia and Luna. All made agreement with each other. The three tribes all started to trust each other and were doing things without asking something in return.

"Noble! Elsie!" shouted Celestia and Luna as they trotted in joy towards them

"Hello you two!" said Noble as he smiled at them

"We have wonderful news!" said Celestia as she look at her sister

"Yes! The three tribes have ask us to become their princesses!" said Luna

"That`s wonderful!" shouted both Noble and Elsie

"Have you accept it?" ask Elsie as she separated from them

"We haven`t decided yet" said Luna

"You should take it" said Noble "If you don`t! The three tribes will be at peace for a while but if they can`t decided who should be the leader of their new world. If one tribes has more power than the others or rebels! They would most likely fall back into fighting at each other"

"Yes he`s right since your neither a unicorn, Pegasus or earth pony they would be no fighting about who gets power against the others" said Elsie

"And you also control the sun and moon" added Noble

"Alright! Alright! We`ll take it!" said Celestia and Luna as they both blush by the compliments

One years later Equestria was born and the two regal princesses ruled over Equestria. Noble and Elsie were about to get married in a few days since the castle was finally complete but before it`s completion Elsie found a flower with a beautiful garden around it. She eventually discovered that this flower was the heart of the garden and that she had the ability to take care of it. In a way were nopony can do beside her.

"This castle is wonderful!" said Elsie as she walk inside with Noble

"They have outdone them self" said Noble as he look at the final product

"Our kingdom will last for eternity" said Elsie

The big days has arrived today Noble and Elsie were getting married and were about to be King and Queen. Celestia and Luna were present and even united them as mare and colt! As King and Queen. The Newly crowned rulers went to the balcony to speak with their new citizens.

"Citizens of Cloud Kingdom!" shouted Noble

"Welcome to Cloud Kingdom!" shouted Elsie

The crowd cheered for about a few minutes

"The world we wanted has finally arrived! Today all three tribes are at peace! They will no longer be fighting or hatred!" shouted Noble as he look down

"Our Kingdom will be here for many years! It will be the home for all of your families and their families!" shouted Elsie as she did the same as Noble "The kingdom will be your home forever!"

"And we promise to guide the kingdom in peace for as long as our family rulers!" shouted Noble

As the years pass Noble and Elsie did indeed guide the kingdom into peace as did Rosalind but the day came when even the founders of the great Cloud Kingdom died. But they legacy continued in they daughter who bought richness to the kingdom. The kingdom perused for many centuries with a great present by the princesses who help Noble and Elsie in their adventures. Until one day an alicorn was born into the royal family and they called her Arena. Celestia and Luna become very good friends with Arena they saw her grow into a mare and find her true love. Who was also an alicorn they both shared many adventures together with a few with the princesses. They were there when they got married and had they first foal. But Noble and Elsie wish to not see their beloved kingdom fall came to pass. As does Celestia and Luna to not see their friends die before they time and were force to take their orphaned foal.

>