



Epilogue



Sasuke and Hinata were divorced three months after that night. Although the news didn't sit well with Hinata's father, their friends were very understanding, even though none of them really knew the whole story. As per their agreement, Hinata stayed in the house while Sasuke moved out. He found a small apartment located above one of the shops across town. Much to his distaste, he was close enough to the ramen shop that the smell that radiated from the restaurant stuck with him everywhere he went. As for Hinata, she eventually moved out of the house they once shared; after a while of living there alone, she could no longer bear remembering her relationship with Sasuke everywhere she turned. Needing a fresh start, she moved in with Ino, who, surprisingly, started dating Kiba right around the same time. Although Ino proved to be a lot for her to handle, Hinata enjoyed the fact that someone was there for her when she needed the company.

The two of them were good with avoiding each other, rarely crossing paths. On the unlikely chance they did, they would only acknowledge each other with a look or a polite nod. Neither of them knew what to say or how to say it. When faced with each other, they found it easier just to keep quiet.

Two years passed before Sasuke and Hinata had a full conversation again, brought on by the birthday party of Naruto &amp; Sakura's child, Namiko. When Namiko was born, the happy couple asked Hinata and Sasuke to be the godparents. They both agreed but still rarely spoke to one another. However, they both knew people would be looking at them during the party to see what would happen between them. Wanting to be in control of the situation, Hinata decided to be the one to break the ice; she knew no matter what happened, the situation would be awkward. During a lull in the party, she walked over to the snack table where her ex-husband was standing. Tapping him politely on the shoulder, Hinata started to speak.

"Hi," she said as Sasuke turned around to face her.

"Hi," he returned, looking down at her face. The pair studied each other for a minute, taking in the other's features. Even though only two years had passed since they were truly together, they both had changed. Sasuke looked more mature but less angry at the world. His face looked in a way that said that he was okay with life, no longer feeling anger for the cards life had dealt him. On the other hand, Hinata still looked as beautiful as ever. Her features were still soft and her face was ever calm. However, her eyes did not hold the same naiveté they once had.

"How are you?" she asked nicely, taking a cookie from the table.

"I'm fine," he replied, taking a sip from the cup he was holding. "What about you?"

"I'm good," she said, mouth full of cookie. She quickly swallowed before trying to talk again. "Sorry, shouldn't speak with my mouth full. I'm good."

Sasuke shrugged, as if to say 'it's okay' before replying. "That's good. So…Namiko sure has grown in a year, hasn't she?"

Hinata nodded, turning her attention to her godchild who was playing with some of the other kids across the room. "She certainly has. She's very beautiful."

"I still can't believe Naruto asked me to be one of the godparents," Sasuke said, looking across the room as well. "I think it was a horrible decision on his part – I'm horrible with kids."

"Well, you're Naruto's best friend – who else would he have asked? You're the obvious first choice." Hinata took another cookie off the table and started to nibble into it. "Plus, I'm sure you're not horrible with kids. At least you're not horrible with Namiko."

"You've never even seen me around her. She cries anytime Naruto or Sakura hand her over to me."

To this, Hinata chuckled. "Children sense fear Sasuke. She knows you're afraid of her so she cries so someone else can take her and so you can be put out of your misery."

"I never said I was afraid of her."

Hinata shrugged. "I know. But you didn't have to. I already know you are."

Sasuke gleaned at Hinata. "Oh yeah, and how do you know that?"

"You've always been afraid of the things you love." Hinata said it so simply that Sasuke's eyes widened. Hinata herself was a bit surprised at what she had said. She couldn't believe that those words had emerged from her mouth but at the same time, she was okay with what she said. However, she decided to move the topic along to avoid any awkward pauses. "Anyways, I'm not sure why I was picked as a godparent either. Sakura and I haven't always been best friends. I was sure she was going to pick Ino."

"Yeah, but you two have gotten closer over the years. Plus, when Sakura was pregnant, her and Ino were arguing about something I believe. That probably made her want to pick you even more."

"Oh, so I was a consolation prize? That makes me feel really great about myself…"

"Hinata, I didn't mean it like that. I just meant – " Hinata started to giggle. "It's okay Sasuke, I know what you meant. I was just messing around with you." She gave him a soft smile, reminiscent of the ones she would give him while they were married. Sasuke couldn't help but give her a genuine smile back.


"See, I told you they still loved each other!" Naruto exclaimed at his wife. He and Sakura were in the kitchen, getting the birthday cake ready. While Sakura was making sure everything looked okay on the cake, Naruto had been watching Hinata and Sasuke conversing on the other side of the room.

"Mh-hmm, sure honey," Sakura said absent-mindedly. Right now, she only had one thing on her mind and that was the birthday cake.

"Sakura, listen to me, I'm being serious," Naruto said as he took Sakura's hand and pulled her attention to where he was looking. "Can't you see them?" Sakura studied them for a second before turning her attention to her husband. "What I see is one guy reading way too much into a conversation between two grown adults. Leave them alone – let's bring the cake out now." She lifted the cake from the counter and began to walk out of the kitchen.

Naruto rolled his eyes. "I'm not reading way too much into it! Look at them! They're meant for each other!" Sakura sighed. "Look Naruto, I know you want them to have what we have but they tried that and it didn't work. We should respect their choice."

"Are you telling me that not even a little part of you wants them together? Not even one tiny little bit?" Sakura sighed again. She turned around and set the cake back down on the counter. "Okay, a
tiny
part of me wants them back together."

"See! So you do see it!"

"BUT…they didn't work for a reason. Just because we want them together doesn't mean that magically all of their issues will be resolved. I'll be happy if they do get back together but it's not like we can convince them to do so."

"Oh really? Then why did you suggest we make the two of them Namiko's godparents huh?" Naruto asked with a toothy grin. Sakura smiled at her husband but rolled her eyes. "Because Sasuke's your best friend and because Hinata's one of my good friends. Plus I was mad at Ino at the time."

"Yeah okay, but we both know the REAL reason why you did that." Sakura laughed at her husband and playfully pinched his arm. "Whatever Naruto. Can we do the cake now?" Naruto smiled and kissed his wife on the cheek. "Definitely!"


After the cake was shared, Namiko fell asleep and the party was officially over. Sasuke and Hinata both stayed afterwards to help Naruto and Sakura clean up. While the two ladies were in the kitchen, Naruto whisked Sasuke away to his daughter's bedroom.

"Dobe what the hell?" Sasuke said, not exactly mad but not exactly pleased either. "What are you doing?"

"What I'm doing is saving your marriage," Naruto whispered. Sasuke couldn't help but chuckle at Naruto's statement. "Yeah, you're about two years too late for that. Now can I go back to cleaning so I can leave?"

"Not until you admit to me that you're still in love with Hinata!" Naruto exclaimed. Namiko started to fuss in her crib, which reminded Naruto to keep it down. Sasuke just shook his head at his confused best friend. "Naruto, you're seriously touched in the head. Leave me alone."

"Look, don't get sassy with me just because you won't admit to anyone that you still love Hinata. You couldn't even admit it to yourself back then and that's why she left you." Sasuke sighed as Naruto said these words. Back during the early days of the divorce, Sasuke would spend hours telling Naruto his side of the story so Naruto knew everything that went down during Hinata and Sasuke's year together.

"Okay even if I still did love her – and I'm not saying I do – it's really too late for that. She seems happy being on her own," Sasuke whispered, looking towards the window. "I would just bring her back to being unhappy again. I can't do that."

"Then don't do that. Just tell her you love her," Naruto said.

"And if she rejects me?"

"Then she rejects you. But you'll never know until you try. Believe me, Sakura rejected me plenty of times but finally, she realized what she was missing out on," Naruto said with a smile.

"Yeah, well I'm not in love with her anymore. Even if I were, Hinata and I aren't you and Sakura. We're different."



Meanwhile in the Kitchen…


"Thanks for staying to clean up Hinata, I really appreciate it," Sakura said with a smile. She and Hinata were cleaning up the last of the dishes in the sink. "No problem!" Hinata responded. "Anything I could do to help!"

"You're always so helpful Hinata. With me, with Naruto, Namiko, with everyone! You're so helpful that I think it's time that I finally help you with something," Sakura said, putting the dish she was drying down on the counter.

Hinata raised an eyebrow and looked at Sakura skeptically. "Okay…I don't know what you're talking about. What do I need help with?"

"Sasuke." Hinata rolled her eyes and let out a big sigh. "I'm gonna stop you right here before you go any further," she said, looking at her friend. "He and I didn't work. End of story."

"You didn't work two years ago but maybe you'll work now," Sakura said hopefully. Hinata just shook her head. "Everyone I know who has gone back to an ex has ended up more miserable than the first time they were together. It's not worth the pain."

"The Hinata I once knew was a hopeless romantic. She totally would've believed in giving love a second chance." Hinata chuckled sadly. "Yeah, well the Hinata you knew also hadn't gone through a stressful marriage."

"All marriages are stressful Hinata," Sakura said, resting a hand on her shoulder. "You just have to push through it."

"I couldn't push through it when he couldn't tell me he loved me."

"But he obviously did love you! I don't see what the big deal with him not saying that was."

Hinata sighed and turned back to the dishes. "You don't see the big deal because you have a husband and a daughter who can tell you 'I love you' everyday and every night. Your family also loves you and you know that how? Through their actions
and
through their words. No one in my family ever told me they loved me. Then having to go through that again with Sasuke? I know everyone says actions speak louder than words but I just couldn't take it anymore. I just needed to hear someone say it to me for once."

Sakura looked at Hinata with sad eyes. Hinata looked back at Sakura and smiled sadly back. "It's okay Sakura, don't feel bad for me. Marriage and love isn't meant for everyone – I guess I'm just one of those people."

"Hinata, everyone should be loved. Absolutely everyone. And I know that Sasuke loves you. Don't you love him?"

"Of course," Hinata said matter of factly. "I've always loved him and I always will." Sakura looked a little surprised when Hinata said this. All Hinata did was smile back at her. "Yes, I love him. But it didn't work. And I'm okay with that."

"Are you really Hinata?"

Hinata took in a breath and held it for a second while she thought about what to say next. "Yes," she finally said, exhaling her held breath. "I'm okay." Once she and Sakura finished the dishes, Hinata gave Sakura a hug. "Thank you so much for having me over! I should probably head home now."

"Are you sure?" Sakura said, still a bit sadden for her friend. "You don't have to leave just yet. You didn't even say by to Namiko."

Hinata looked in the direction where Namiko's bedroom was located. She didn't know for sure, but she had a feeling Sasuke was in there. Even though she wasn't afraid to talk to Sasuke, talking to Sakura loosened old emotions she had kept hidden for quite sometime; Hinata knew that if she saw Sasuke, she wouldn't be able to keep her cool.

Looking back at Sakura, Hinata gave her another hug. "I'm sure. She's sleeping anyways. I'll come back another day to properly say bye to my lovely Namiko." With that, Hinata headed towards the front door. "Bye Sakura," she said, waving goodbye to her friend. Sakura waved back, giving her a soft smile as she watched Hinata close the door behind her.



Back in the bedroom…


For the past five minutes, Naruto has been trying to get Sasuke to admit his feelings but hasn't succeeded. "I can't believe that after all of this time, you're afraid to tell Hinata you love her!" Naruto finally exclaimed in frustration. "Just tell her already! You're being stupid!"

"I can't tell her! It's too late!" Sasuke whispered harshly. With this, a big grin appeared on Naruto's face. "So you do love her! I knew it!" Sasuke rolled his eyes at his friend. "Shut up." Moving towards the rocking chair, Sasuke took a seat and looked towards the crib. He watched his goddaughter sleep peacefully for a minute or two before speaking again.

"I always thought Hinata and I would have a kid before you two did," he said with a sad tone.

"Sorry bud, I guess I beat you on that one," Naruto quipped. "But it's really not too late. You can still tell Hinata you love her."

"You know I can't do that. What if she's seeing someone?"

"Sakura told me that Hinata hasn't dated since the divorce. We've tried setting up double dates with her but she always refuses to go."

"Okay well…what if her father doesn't approve?"

Naruto gave Sasuke a weird look. "You know very well that you don't give a rat's ass about what Hinata's father thinks. And at this point, I don't think Hinata cares either."

"Okay well what about – "

"Okay I'm stopping you right there!" Naruto said. "You're going to suck it up and tell Hinata you love her. So what if she turns you down? At least you would've finally told her. If anything, if you tell her this, you both can move on with your lives right?"

Sasuke sighed. "I guess."

"Good, I'm glad we're in agreement then. Alright, now stand up and tell me you love me."

Now it was Sasuke's turn to give Naruto the weird look. "What?" he asked in confusion.

"I'm Hinata, or at least pretending to be. Now get up and tell me you love me."

"Naruto I don't think it works like that. You're obviously not Hinata and I think this whole plan is stupid anyways."

"Ahh just shut up and try it will ya?" Sasuke sighed again. "Okay," Sasuke said, complying to Naruto's demand.

Standing up, he took in a deep breath. Sasuke looked down at his feet as he began talking. "Hinata I love you."

Naruto laughed, which made Sasuke angry. "What's so funny?" Sasuke asked with angry eyes.

"You didn't even look at me! How's Hinata going to take you seriously when all you're doing is looking at your feet?"

Sasuke knew Naruto was right but wouldn't give him the pleasure of acknowledging it. "Whatever. Let me try again."

"Would it help if I used my sexy jutsu?" Naruto asked with a naughty grin. Sasuke hit Naruto in the head. "You're such an idiot. Just stand there and pretend to be Hinata alright?"

"Sheesh, fine, whatever. You try and help a friend…" Naruto stopped himself from talking any further while Sasuke got himself ready. This time, Sasuke looked Naruto straight in the eyes while speaking.

"Hinata, I love you."

"Hmm, that was better," Naruto started. "So you say 'I love you' and then what?"

"What do you mean?"

"I mean you have to give her a little bit more. You have to give her intimacy."

"How can I do that?"

Naruto rolled his eyes. "You really don't know anything huh? Here, let me show you." Naruto took Sasuke's hand in his and looked lovingly into his eyes. This gesture weirded Sasuke out and he tried to pull away. Despite Sasuke's resistance, Naruto kept a tight grip on his hand.

"Hey look…" Naruto started out. "I love you. And I know these words may be too late to save anything we have but I mean it – I love you. I think about you all of the time and you're the first and last thing I think of each night. I'm sorry for not admitting it earlier, but I am now – I love you."

"You know, people warned me this might happen." The voice that suddenly permeated in the room caused both Naruto and Sasuke to jump far away from each other. Naruto looked over by the door and saw his beautiful wife shaking her hand.

"Hi honey! I promise you this isn't what it looks like!" he said, trying to explain his behavior.

Sakura raised an eyebrow skeptically. "Sure Naruto, sure."

"Sakura I don't love Sasuke! Not like that!" Naruto shouted loudly. His shouting woke up Namiko from her sleep and she immediately started crying.

"Now look what you've done," Sasuke said, looking over at the crying baby in the crib. Since he was the closest to her, he reached into the crib and picked Namiko up, bouncing her up and down gently to calm her down.

"And you said she doesn't like you," Naruto said with a smile, looking over at his daughter and his best friend. Sasuke just shook his head. "She doesn't. She just wanted someone to pick her up."

"Believe me Sasuke, she likes you," Sakura said, still watching from the doorway. "She'd let you know if she thought otherwise. The other day, Lee came and visited and when he tried picking her up, she screamed her head off!"

"Well bushy brow scares everyone so I don't blame her," Naruto said with a displeasing look as thoughts of Lee ran through his head.

Sakura giggled before returning her attention to Sasuke. "Well, that aside, there's a reason I came in here. I just wanted to let you know that Hinata left."

Sasuke raised an eyebrow. "She did?"

"Yep, she did. Are you going to do anything about it?"

"No." When he said this, Sasuke looked up from Namiko to see the stares of his two former teammates fixated upon him.

"Are you seriously telling me that we practiced for nothing?" Naruto asked with a bit of annoyance in his voice. "Come on! Suck it up and win her back!"

"No. I'll probably end up hurting her again. She's better off without me."

"Now that's not true Sasuke," Sakura interjected. "You've matured a lot in the past two years. I don't think – no, I know you won't hurt her. Last time, you two were forced together. This time, it'll be by choice. I for one thinks that makes a world of difference."

Sasuke went quiet for a minute, thinking about what Sakura had just said. While it was true that he had matured in the past two years, he was still afraid of brining Hinata more pain. "It won't."

At this point, Naruto was furious with Sasuke. "Sasuke, you idiot! Why are you so stupid?! Get out of your feelings for once in your life and do something you're afraid of doing! Seriously, you're like a moody teenager! I'm so sick of it and if you keep doing this, I'm gonna have to – "

"She still loves you."

Sasuke and Naruto turned to Sakura. "What?" they asked at the same time.

Sakura sighed. "Gosh, she'd kill me for this but…she just told me that she still loves you. And she said that she's okay with you two not working out but I could tell that she was lying. Sasuke, you have to go get her. Please."

"Sakura, don't lie," Sasuke said. "If she didn't say that, I don't want to make a fool of myself just because you two want us back together."

"I'm not lying," Sakura said point blank. "Believe me, I wouldn't lie about love."

"Well actually," Naruto began as he interrupted. "There was that one time back when we were younger when you –"

Sakura raised her hand to silence him. "Not the time Naruto," she said underneath her breath.

Sasuke looked at both of his friends before walking towards the doorway. He had finally made up his mind. "Wait, where are you going?" Naruto asked his friend who hadn't said anything in a while.

"See you three later," he said, holding one hand up as he walked away.

Naruto rolled his eyes. "He's such a moody person." Sakura smiled softly as she looked towards the door. "Yeah, but he's our moody person."


Halfway towards her apartment, Hinata realized that she didn't want to go home just yet. The party had brought up a lot of emotions that she had locked away; she needed to sort them out in her mind before heading back. Stopping in a park, Hinata decided to sit on a bench and watch the sunset.

Staring out into the distance, she let her mind run rampant of thoughts of her and Sasuke and how they once used to be together. "I wish we would've worked," she whispered out loud to herself. Sighing, she kept her eyes fixated on the sky as some of the inhabitants of the village walked by her.

Sasuke wasn't really sure where Hinata would be by now. What he really wanted was to catch Hinata before she reached her apartment; he thought it would be awkward for him to stop by her home unannounced to express his feelings for her. Anywhere else would be better for him.

He decided the cut through the park near Hinata's place, hoping to get ahead of her. That way, he could strategically place himself in a way that made it look like they just happened to bump into each other. However, he soon realized that he wouldn't have to make that happen – up ahead, he could see the one and only kunoichi he was in love with. She looked beautiful sitting on that bench and Sasuke longed to be right next to her.

Quickening his pace, Sasuke wasn't really thinking about what to say. All he knew is that he finally felt that he could do this. Ready to face the challenge head on, Sasuke stopped right in front of Hinata. Yet when he did this, he froze. His body refused to move and he tried to form words but nothing would come out of his mouth.

Hinata's gaze on the sky was paused by the person standing in front of her. Moving her head slightly, she noticed that it was the very person she was trying not to think of. "Sasuke…are you okay?" Hinata asked, looking at him weirdly. All Sasuke could manage to do was nod.
This is so embarrassing
, he thought to himself.

"…Can I help you with something?" she asked, wondering why the shinobi in front of him wasn't moving. "Uh…well…no…," Sasuke managed to get out as he tried to speak again.

"Okay then. Well…I don't mean to be rude but could you move? You're blocking my view."

"Right." With that, Sasuke finally managed to get himself stuck from his spot and started to walk away. As he walked away, he looked back at Hinata and realized that he wasn't going to get another chance with this if he didn't try now. Sasuke turned himself around and walked back up to the end of the bench.

"Hinata?" She turned to look at him. "Yes Sasuke?"

"Do you mind if I sit here?"

"Umm no, go ahead," she responded quietly.
He's acting so strangely
, Hinata thought.
I hope everything's okay.


Sasuke sat on the opposite end of the bench, giving Hinata plenty of space. Together they sat in silence and watched the sun slowly descend below the horizon. When the sun was finally done setting and the sky was dark, Hinata rose from her spot on the bench. "Well, I'll see you around Sasuke." She began to walk by him when Sasuke stopped her, catching her hand softly. "Hinata, wait," he said softly. Hinata turned around and looked at their hands for a moment. When their hands touched, a warm feeling radiated throughout her body that she had long forgotten about.

She pulled her hand away from his before she became too familiar with the feeling. "Yes?"

Sasuke didn't want to rush into what he wanted to say so he decided to start off with a normal question. "How are you?"

Hinata shrugged. "You mean in the hours since you asked me that question? I'm fine. How are you?"

Sasuke couldn't help but smirk at Hinata's cheekiness. "I'm fine."

"Are you sure? Because you were acting pretty weird earlier."

"Yes Hinata, I'm sure. Do you want to keep standing?"

"I don't know, are you about to tell me something that I should be sitting down for?"

"Possibly," Sasuke said coolly. Hinata gave him a look before sitting down in the middle of the bench; she was sitting closer than she had been beforehand but she still left a comfortable amount of space between the two of them.

"So…" Hinata started. "What do you want to tell me?"

Sasuke took in a deep breath and looked straight into Hinata's eyes. "Look, I'm not one to shy away situations that make me uncomfortable. I'm not a coward. Yet when I'm talking to you I'm…I'm not myself." Hinata kept her eyes on Sasuke, nodding a bit to let him know that he continue talking.

"It's completely stupid and I hate acting that way. I've faced the worst people imaginable in battle and yet you manage to fluster me. It really makes me uncomfortable."

"Oh," Hinata said. "Well, I'm sorry for making you uncomfortable."

"Hinata I'm not trying to make you feel bad. That's the exact opposite of what I want." Sasuke sighed and looked away from her. "Look, I've been beating around the bush too much already so I'm just going to come out and say it." He turned his head to face Hinata face on.

"I still love you Hinata."

Hinata's eyes widened as she felt her heart rate quicken. "What?" she replied softly.

"I still love you Hinata. I've never stopped loving you. When we first got married, I'll admit that I wasn't too excited. But over that one year, I fell in love with you. Yet, when you would tell me that you loved me, I could never say it back because I was afraid of being hurt. So I thought it would be better if I acted cool and uncaring around you. In some crazy way, I thought that somehow you'd stop loving me so I wouldn't have to deal with my you didn't. You loved me, even when I was a terrible husband to you. But even you had your limits. When you asked for a divorce that night, I couldn't say no because I knew you deserved better than me. At that point, anyone was better than me. I was a horrible person back then, but I've grown a lot in the past two years. Now, after all that time, I finally realize that…" Sasuke paused and took Hinata's hands into his. "Being in love is better than pushing it away."

Hinata just started at him for minutes after he finished speaking. She didn't know what to say in response; she had always imagined what she'd do if Sasuke ever professed his love to her but now that it was actually happening, it was her turn to be the frozen one.

"I'm not saying you have to be with me again," Sasuke finally said after the long moment of silence. "I just had to tell you how I felt. You deserve at least that much from me."

"Wow," she finally said. "This is…this is all so sudden. I wasn't really expecting this."

"I know," Sasuke said softly. He let go of her hands but kept his gaze on her. "And I'm sorry for putting this on you all at once."

Hinata just sighed. "Who do you think you are?"

"Huh?" Sasuke was surprised by her question - it certainly wasn't one he was expecting.

"Did you think that I'd just run back into your arms after you said that?" she asked, a bit of anger seeping into her tone. Sasuke shook his head. "No, I didn't."

"Good, because I'm not going to. Sasuke Uchiha, you have a lot of nerve doing this to me. Professing your love to me after two years and a divorce. Honestly if I didn't love you back, I'd punch you."

Sasuke's eyebrow went up the moment she uttered the word love. "So... you still love me too?"

Hinata's cheeks went red but she still kept her angry demeanor. "So what if I did? That doesn't mean that we're going to get back together and we're going to live happily ever after. Because that doesn't happen to people. At least it doesn't happen for us."

"Well…maybe not the first time. But second time's the charm?"

"It's third time's the charm, Sasuke."

"I know, I just wanted you to get more annoyed at me," Sasuke smirked and Hinata punched him in the arm.

Sasuke grabbed his arm after Hinata punched him, a bit shocked from the pain that started radiating throughout his arm. "Your punches are harder than I remember."

"Yeah, and I can do it again if you want to get smart with me."

"You trying to be angry doesn't really work," Sasuke said with a smirk. "Look, I love you and you love me. But we both messed up in the past. We're not a fairy tale."

"Exactly," Hinata agreed.

"And maybe we won't end up together in the end. So we shouldn't try at all."

Hinata nodded. "Good, I'm glad we agree."

"Want to get dinner with me?" Sasuke suddenly asked. Hinata gave the man sitting next to her a weird look. "Hinata, dinner is not going to kill you" Sasuke said, this time giving her a full fledged smile.

"Well, it might. I could die of food-poisoning."

"Okay well taking that into the consideration, will you get dinner with me?"

She thought about this for a moment. However, Hinata couldn't deny what she was feeling. Plus, who could give up a free meal with the guy she loved? After making her decision, Hinata sighed and uncrossed her arms. "Fine, I'll go. But I have one condition."

"Anything," Sasuke said, offering her a hand. Hinata took it and stood up from the bench.

"The next time you want to tell me you love me, don't wait two years to do it." With that, Hinata finally smiled at him, which made Sasuke smile back.

"Deal."



And with that, the story is finished! Did you like the ending? I know I do, I'm pretty pleased with it. I like that fact that there are still a lot of unknowns but it ends happily



To those who have been reading this story since I posted my first chapter over a year ago, thank you for staying on this journey with me! And to those who just stumbled upon my story for the first time, welcome! I'm sorry this story is over but don't worry! I'm posting another one soon :)



Writing this has been an emotional ride, to say the least haha. Seriously, for those who have been keeping up with this story, thank you. I know my writing can be a bit dramatic at times but that's only because I use my writing as an outlet to express my emotions when I'm not feeling that great. I seriously debated with myself for the longest over whether Sasuke &amp; Hinata should be together in the end. Up until I started writing this chapter, I'll admit that I was learning towards having them stay apart. But I'm a hopeless romantic; I love those sappy romantic endings! I like the ending I wrote because it's a bit ambiguous - yes, Hinata and Sasuke are together right now, but are they together in the future? I don't know. And that's the crazy thing about love and romance - it's such a weird and thrilling ride that you're not always sure where you're going to end up but you always hope that you end up happy. I hope my romantic story, whatever that may be, turns out to be one with a happy ending. But I suppose I'll just wait and see what the future has for me!



Sorry for such a long rambling! I just had a lot to say. I'm just proud of myself because I finally finished a story! But I'm also excited for what my next story holds! Stay tuned and stay awesome people!



~Lovelyangelxox



P.S. Always remember to play, laugh, grow, and love ^-^


>