

Prologue
The new Champion, Samson's eyes shown as he was awarded the Honor of Kalos award alongside his friends. Shauna, Serena, Trevor, and Tierno. However you may be wondering what happened to these five Pokemon trainers. Well Samson, the champion, continued his career and defeated everyone that came his way. Serena went to the different regions to become the best trainer possible so she could one day beat Samson. Shauna became a Pokemon breeding expert and Tierno became a world class Pokemom Contest Champion. Finally, Trevor became a Pokemon expert and became the Professor Trevor of the Kalos Region.

"Owww," I cried as I woke up with a start. I'd smacked my head against my beads headboard. Today I turn 10 years old. I pracitcally leaped up out of bed, I was ready to start the day. I quickly got dressed and covered my long dark hair with a black beanie my dad had given me for my eighth birthday. I put on my black V-Neck and a pair of scuffed up jeans. I dawned my black messenger bag and bolted downstairs. "Dan, what did I tell you," scolded my mom.

"That I wasn't allowed to get my Pokemon until 12 o'clock like the other boys," I sighed. So I sat for what seemed like an eternity on the couch and when that clock struck twelve I was out the door. I sprinted as fast as I could to Aquacorde Town where Professor Trevor's Pokemon Lab was. I ran into Aquacorde Town and dashed pass people and picnic tables and slid into the door of the Pokemon Lab. "Why hello Dan, how are you on this fine afternoon," Professor Trevor exclaimed as he straightened his glasses and smoother back his orange hair.
"Good Professor Trevor, I don't mean to rush you but can I get my Pokemon now?"
"Eager as alwas I see, but alas there were more boys and girls wanting to start their journey in the Kalos Region then I had expected and they got here very early..."
"But Professor you said the day I turned-"
"I said that the day you turned 10 you could get a Pokemon, I never said that it would be one from my lab did I?"
"No sir but I assumed-,"
"You assumed that you would? Well let me tell you this Dan. I've spent my entire life learning about Pokemon and so did Professor Sycamore before me. So I believed that the Pokedex should have been filled and yes, his was. But his job is to test a trainers abilities. It is not infact the gym leaders."
"I think I understand,"
"You don't, you will not understand until you have finished your journey as I have, I have contacted my old friend Shauna, a famous Pokemon breeder, she will give you your Pokemon when she arrives here at 12:30," So the professor and I waited and as were waiting he gave me my Pokedex, potions, and Pokeballs. "Trevor! You look so much different then I remeber." Shauna said excitedly.
"As do you Shauna, but enough with formalities, this is Dan. He was the boy I spoke to you about, he is the one that reminds me of our regions Pokemon League Champion and our friend, Samson."
"Okay, so Dan," Shauna said taking a Pokeball out of her handbag, "The Pokemon inside this Pokeballwill be yours forever."
"Okay," I said eagerly awaiting the sight of my very own Pokemon. Shauna clicked the Pokeball and the Pokemon that materialized from it was...

>