


Darian


I slept through the plane ride home, or at least, I pretended to. Keeping the window shade closed kept me from seeing the snow, but Jack's face seemed permanently burned into my mind, and while closing my eyes only made that image clearer, it also kept my parents from noticing the tears that I refused to shed.

Briefly, I wondered if Pitch had lied. This was torture that I certainly could not have imagined, but this was truly my own guilt causing this, a torture of my own making. I told myself that I could and would bear with it because surely, there were worse things I could endure.

We landed in Atlanta a little before noon and stopped somewhere to get lunch. I couldn't remember exactly where, though. I didn't really eat anything. After that, it was a relatively short ride home, and it took all of my strength not to go rushing through the door, knowing that beyond it was my own, familiar, normal world where I knew I could be safe.

I lugged my suitcase up to my room but paused suddenly in the doorway. I had forgotten that I had turned my lamp off, and darkness awaited me just beyond the threshold. I hesitated more than usual, but then I told myself to stop being stupid. This was
my
room,
my
home,
my
world, and besides, I had held up my end of the bargain, so what was there for me to be afraid of?

I hurried inside, switched on my lamp, and released a breath I didn't know I was holding. My cat wandered in behind me, brushing against my leg in a short greeting before hopping onto my bed and curling up as if nothing was different. This familiarity was a comfort, and soon I began to unpack. I threw all of my worn clothes into a pile in the corner of my closet, including the wrinkled heap of lace and fabric that had once shimmered in the moonlight and the tattered and torn remains of my dirty nightgown.

At the bottom of my suitcase, I found all of my Christmas presents. I immediately placed the snow globe on a high shelf next to one of my prettier porcelain dolls, where I knew for sure that it would not end up broken and where for the most part, the scene of the pond could not be clearly seen. I didn't even give it a second glance once I had finished placing it. It was too wonderful and too depressing, and as of that moment, I was to act as if it had never existed.

On my bookshelf, I had an entire row reserved for music, and I squeezed three out of the four books onto the already packed shelf. I held onto the
Frozen
book and carried it over to my small keyboard by the window. I was no virtuoso when it came to the piano, or any instrument except voice, for that matter, but I knew enough to pick out a few simple melodies. My awkward fingers fumbled over the introduction to "Let It Go" until I abandoned the accompaniment entirely and sang with as much passion as my voice, weakened by my cold, would allow me.

I didn't often do this. It was a last resort for when I was alone and when staring silently at the ceiling in deep thought afforded me no relief. If Nightmares would not return to their dark corners on their own, I would abandon silence and just sing any song to distract myself. There had been one or two times like this where in between sobs, I had sung myself hoarse, desperate for consolation, and exhausted, I would return to sweet silence and a blank expression, and know one would ever know. Obviously, I never did this when anyone was around so as not to risk being heard, and because of this vacation and all the stress I had been under, a moment like this was long overdue.

I sang strong all the way through the first chorus, but once I reached the second verse and felt the words rolling off my tongue, the irony of the song suddenly hit me, and my voice faltered on the line, "The fears that once controlled me can't get to me at all!" The melody died on my lips, and resignedly, I closed the book, knowing that I would not sing again for a while. I leaned back in my chair and returned to my silence and my thoughts.

The song, while so often celebrated as a declaration of freedom, truly depicted someone who, instead of facing their problems, was running away from them. While she claimed to be leaving all of her fear behind, it was that same fear that caused her to go. Knowing this, and knowing how it paralleled my current situation, I could not go on. My life was not a Disney movie, and I could not delude myself like Elsa. I was not a hero, but a coward, and there was no Fairy Godmother to bless me, and I would not reunite with my Prince Charming and live happily-ever-after-the-end.

I would simply live. Not survive, like I had done in the past, sustaining myself on miniscule servings of affection and approval. I would live, lose what little fear I could, and be myself. At the very least, I would try.

A few weeks later, I was back in school, walking the dim, dingy hallways and weaving my way, unseen, through the crowds. Near the middle of my day, I got a reprieve from academics to sing in my chorus class, where I usually could not be heard among all of the other voices. The chorus room, unlike other classrooms, was carpeted because the school could not afford anything else to absorb the sound, but more often than not, it mostly absorbed stains. Instead of desks, a set of risers was set up in the center so that they formed a semi-circle around an old piano that was usually out of tune. I took my seat on the front row, being as short as I was, and once Miranda set her stuff down, she came to sit behind me.

Even after spending a few weeks at the beach, I noticed that she was still fairly pale, save for a peeling sunburn stretching across her nose. "How was your break?" I asked her.

"I wish it wasn't over," she groaned. "What about you? You look kinda tired."

I self-consciously twisted a lock of hair around my finger which hung free because I had chosen to wear my hair only half-up that day. Truthfully, I hadn't been sleeping well lately, even more so than usual. Pitch had kept his word, and my Nightmares had not gotten worse, but my own guilt was still eating at me, haunting me while I was awake - a waking Nightmare, if you will - and it was much harder to push away. "I guess my vacation sort of wore me out," I half-lied.

Miranda, one of the few people to really know me, appeared skeptical, but she let it slide and teased, "Right. Because the night life in Burgess is just nonstop." I laughed and shrugged so I wouldn't let on just how close to the mark she really was. "Speakin' of, how'd it go with that guy Jack?"

My face fell, and I turned my gaze to my toes. "It, uh...it didn't work out," I said simply.

"Sorry about that," she said, dropping the topic immediately.

It was at that moment that June Simpson entered the classroom with her usual dramatic flair. I had known her since middle school, but she and I had never been close, as she had always run with the crowd that turned their noses up at me and Miranda when they walked by, and while I still held onto some resentment of that time, I also couldn't help but admire her. She was a grade older than me, blonde, beautiful, popular, and the star of every show since she was in kindergarten, having been blessed with a powerful belt. After middle school, I knew that she had matured, mellowed out a little, and had begun running more with the strange theatre crowd, but even so, I had never worked up the nerve to even attempt to forgive, to forget, and to be her friend.

June - also taller than me, though only by a little - moved to sit on the riser behind me, and before I even had time to get nervous, I spoke. "Hey," I said simply as she passed by me. Confused, she glanced around for the source of the voice, looking right above my head. I couldn't blame her, though. I so rarely spoke freely, and even when singing, I was hardly heard. I waved shyly to make it very clear that yes, it had been me.

June shook of the confusion and replaced it with a smile as she sat down. "Oh, hey," she replied, and I expected that to be the end of it, especially since she turned around to wave at another friend right after, so it came as a great surprise when she continued speaking to me. "How was your break?" she asked.

It was my turn to be confused. "What?" I said dumbly, suddenly completely baffled by polite conversation.

"How was your break?" she repeated, thinking that I hadn't heard her.

I recovered. "Oh, it was good. Cold, but good. What about yours?"

As she told me about her vacation to the beach (where else?), I couldn't help but wonder if this was actually happening, if I had actually just made a new friend. For the first time since I had left Burgess, I felt a comforting sort of confidence. It was a confidence that grew whenever June smiled at me later in the day during theatre class, and it became strong enough to push me onstage for an audition later that week, where I promptly froze underneath the burning spotlight. I couldn't see the rest of the class or the teacher other than their black outlines, but the front row was clear enough for me to glimpse Miranda giving me a thumbs up, and on the other side of the theater, June was doing the same.

My accompaniment began, and for the briefest moment, my breath caught in my throat, and the spotlight seemed to be trying to roast me alive, but still, I remembered my friends, people who loved me for me, only a few of them in the audience at that moment. I opened my mouth, and to my great surprise, sound came out. It shocked me so much that my voice faltered for a moment before gaining strength, and I actually sang. I knew that it wasn't the loudest it could have been, that I fumbled up the words to the second verse, and that my motions and expressions felt jerky and awkward (far unlike June, whose every step oozed confidence and comfort on the stage), but I made it to the end of the song and to the end of class, and before I left the theater that day, the teacher stopped me and discreetly handed me a callback sheet, offering a quiet congratulation.

Of course, I didn't know then, but after this callback, after much worrying and tears over the delayed cast list, I would find myself under the spotlight again. Behind me would be a colorful set made to resemble illustrations in a book. Next to me would be June, decked in feathers, and on my other side, Miranda would be offstage cheering me on. In front of me, sitting unseen, would be a pair of clear blue eyes standing out among the dark shapes of the audience. And I, costumed modestly save for the oversized rainbow feather tail trailing behind me, would sing.


Jamie


I knew something must be very wrong when Jack didn't return from the airport that day. He didn't come back until the next morning, and he looked exactly like he used to. He smiled, he laughed, and he challenged me to a snowball fight, but he said nothing about Darian, and no amount of pestering from either me or Sophie could get him to talk about it. He would always wave it off before hitting us squarely in the face with one of has magically enhanced snowballs, inspiring us to be carefree and to forget about his worries.

We went out flying every so often, but me being mortal and all, there were times when I needed to sleep, and I learned that it was on those nights that he was at his loneliest, his most vulnerable. I often fell asleep to somber snowfalls, and in the mornings after, I was made to shovel the driveway. A depressed Jack Frost was no fun for anyone.

It was on one of those nights that I'd finally had enough, so I snuck out of bed to investigate. I looked out all of the windows, knowing he was usually close by. I didn't have to search long. After a few minutes, I came to the guest room that Darian had stayed in, but no one could have guessed that now. The room was sterile of her presence. The drawers were emptied, the light bulb replaced, the sheets washed and tucked in, and the pillows all arranged neatly at the headboard. I realized that I hadn't been in this room since she left, and it all seemed too unreal.

I walked to her window and peeked through the curtains, and there he was. Jack was lying in the bare tree in the backyard, the post he had once taken up to guard Darian's room. He was motionless, staring up at the clouded, moonless sky, searching for answers like I imagined he once had in the centuries before we met. Quietly, I stepped away from the window and went back to bed.

The next day I tried to message Darian about it on Facebook, but she was being just as stubborn as Jack and refused to let on that anything was wrong. A few days later, I tried something else. I called her on video chat around the time I knew Jack would be stopping by. We got into a nice conversation about her upcoming callback until we were interrupted by a knock on my window. Jack entered.

"Hey, Jamie! What are you up to?" he asked.

"I'm just talking to Darian. Come say hi," I urged him. For the briefest moment, he hesitated, but he eagerly joined me by the screen of my computer a second later. When we both looked back, though, we saw that Darian had abruptly ended the call. Jack's disappointment shone plainly on his face for the first time since he had come back. A second later, I received a message from Darian that her Internet connection was bad so the call terminated itself. I sighed. Even online, she was bad at lying.

Of course, I wasn't one to give up so easily, so I dug through her Facebook page and discovered that her birthday was coming up in about a week, and "oh, didn't she love the snow in Burgess," and "oh, wouldn't she just love it if it snowed in Georgia on her birthday, of all days?" At least, those were the things I let slip to Jack, who feigned disinterest until the day just before her birthday, when he mysteriously flew off to who-knows-where (for the record, I knew). The next day, I heard on the news that Georgia was now in a state of emergency due to what people were calling the "snowpocolypse," "snowmageddon," and my personal favorite, "Hothlanta." I laughed maniacally to myself upon hearing this, which Sophie joined in on for no particular reason. My evil plan was working.

And it would work. And as Sophie would put it, they would live happily-ever-after-the-end.


(Yay! I'm finally done with this story after forcing you guys to wait for months. Sorry about that, heh... Anywho, I really cannot wait to get started on a sequel, which, as I've said before, I have decided on writing, but for now, I leave you with what little knowledge of the future Jamie and Darian reveal in their narrations. For the time being, I am going to finish up Frozen Family 2, but keep up with my author page for summary of the sequel and the announcement of its release date. Also, while I have the general idea planned out, I love hearing what thoughts you guys might have on what might go into this sequel, so feel free to message me. Now for some fun: can anyone guess what musical Darian is performing in her bit of the future based on my vague descriptions of it? Bonus points to those who guess what parts she and June are playing. Alrighty then, thank you so much for those who have stuck with me throughout this story. I couldn't have done it without your support, and I look forward to hearing your thoughts on the story as a whole in reviews. Goodbye for now!)


>