


Aranel


The moon is high in the night sky by the time I arrive at the enemy's main camp. Few elves and shems are awake and wandering about at this late hour, which makes it easy for a rogue like myself to blend into the shadows completely unnoticed. Carefully, I move from tree to tree and tent to tent, slowly making my way through the camp. As I near its heart, I find a group of people gathered around a small campfire. The group is composed of none other than Bilbo, Thranduil, Bard, two elven guards, and Legolas.

All but the guards and Bilbo are seated on logs that have been set up around the fire. Meanwhile, Bilbo stands beside the guards speaking to the two elven royals and the dragon-slayer.

While they talk, I stare at Legolas. His eyes are void of emotion, and look far darker than usual. I can only imagine how furious he was to see me there in the mountain. I can only hope he won't take it out on the hobbit.

"I see your point of view," I hear Bilbo say to them amid the conversation. "At the same time winter is coming on fast. Before long you will be having snow and what not, and supplies will be difficult-even for elves I imagine. Also there will be other difficulties," the hobbit explains.

Able to grasp that they've probably only just started their conversation based off of Bilbo's response and the heaviness still hidden his coat pocket, I step out of hiding and approach the group, knowing fully well that now was the time to intervene if we wanted the fastest solution.

"He speaks the truth," I speak up and they all turn to me. "You would be wise to listen to him, Bard and Thranduil."

Bilbo jumps and his eyes widen. "Aranel! You-"

I put my hand up to calm the squeaking hobbit. "Do not worry, Bilbo. I'm not here to hunt you. In fact, I agree with you," I explain.

Bilbo relaxes his shoulders hearing my words. He must've used up all of his courage tonight to come out here.

After I smile at the hobbit, pride welling within me after seeing his progress, I turn to face the others, who look rather concerned by my arrival. "Thranduil, Bard, I fear the treasure has ensnared Thorin's heart and mind. For days now he has not fully been himself. He spends hours in the treasury, ordering and threatening the other dwarves in search of the Arkenstone. The spell it has on him has faltered his line of reasoning, for he sees none despite our warnings. Moreover, he may very well send war to these lands."

Legolas furrows his brows at me after my last comment. "What do you mean?" he asks, but I don't miss the newfound coldness in his grey eyes.

"He has sent for Dain and the dwarves of Iron Hill," I tell them. "They are strong in number, and are now less than two days away. If they come, much more than Esgaroth will burn."

"Why do you tell us this?" Bard asks grimly. "Are you betraying your friends, or are you threatening us?"

I shake my head at the shem. "Neither. I'm simply trying to make it clear that we may stand at the brink of war over a pile of shiny baubles at the risk of many lives. I have no wish to see more suffering. I've seen enough in my time, as have the rest of us in this month alone." My words strike a chord with Bard, who looks down at the ground and nods his head in agreement. I then turn to the hobbit, sensing that now would be the ideal time to reveal our purpose. "Bilbo, you have come to them for a reason and I know of it. Show it to them," I insist.

Bilbo looks puzzled at my words for a moment, then bites his lip and reaches into his coat pocket. He pulls out a large, sparkling stone, the likes of which I have never seen. It's as if the entire night sky has gathered inside the stone's core and shines like a small white sun. "This is the Arkenstone of Thrain, the Heart of the Mountain; and it is also the heart of Thorin," Bilbo says. "He values it above a river of gold. I give it to you. It will aid you in your bargaining."

"But how is it yours to give?" Bard asks in a daze as Bilbo hands it to him.

Bilbo fidgets uncomfortably with his hands. "O well! It isn't exactly" he says. "But, well, I am willing to let it stand against all my claim, don't you know. I may be a burglar—or so they say. Personally I never really felt like one—but I am an honest one, I hope, more or less…" Smiling slightly, Bilbo shrugs his shoulders. His humbleness makes me smile, too. "Anyway I am going back now, and the dwarves can do what they like to me. I hope you will find it useful."

Thranduil looks at Bilbo with wonder. "Bilbo Baggins! You are more worthy to wear the armour of elf-princes than many that have looked more comely in it. But I wonder if Thorin Oakenshield will see it so. I have more knowledge of dwarves in general than you perhaps. I advise you to remain with us, and here you shall be honoured and thrice welcome."

"Thank you very much I am sure," Bilbo says with a bow. "But I don't think I ought to leave my friends like this, after all we have gone through together. And I promised to wake old Bombur at midnight, too! Really I must be going, and quickly." Bilbo glances at me anxiously.

"He will not be returning alone, Thranduil," I add and put my hand on the hobbit's shoulder. "I will keep my eye on him. If they try anything, they will have me to answer to and my bow."

Thranduil purses his lips and concedes, understanding our resolve. "Very well. Allow us to at least provide an escort fit for such company," the elven king says and waves to some elves in the distance.

While the small handful of elves assemble, Legolas stands up and steps forward. "I will escort them as well, Father," he insists and glances at me, his gaze causing my heart to drop.

"Very well," Thranduil agrees.

And just like that, I could tell that it was going to be a rather long night.



Legolas


The walk to the mountain was heavy with silence. During the entire stroll, no one said a word—although the hobbit certainly opened and close his mouth more than a few times before deciding against it.

After finally reaching the mountain, I inform the guards that came along with us to stay behind while I escort Bilbo and Aranel to the secret door. As soon as we reach it, Bilbo bows his head then quickly slips inside. However, before Aranel can follow after him, I grab her by the wrist and stop her.

She stops and stares at me, her cold blue eyes full of wonder. Then after apparently understanding I wasn't going to let her go without speaking to her first, she lowers her arm and purses her lips, resigning herself to my persistence.

I let go of her and the two of us cross our arms. Aranel leans against the wall and stares off to the side, looking far off into the distance. Silence hangs in the air and the tension between us is heavier than iron bars resting on my shoulders.

"Why didn't you say anything when you left?" I ask after a moment, my voice a hushed whisper.

Aranel continues to stare off to the side. "I didn't feel that it was necessary," she replies quietly.

"Not necessary?" I scoff. "You suddenly go missing, while you are still injured, and informing us you were moving forward alone wasn't necessary?"

Aranel turns and glares at me. "Look, you have known from the very beginning that my mission here has been to protect and assist the dwarves. And that's exactly what I have done. I did nothing wrong."

"Your involvement should've ended the moment Smaug fell!"

"Perhaps that would've been true originally, however, when there's a sudden army approaching the mountain with a lust for treasure, that changes the situation a bit."

I look up to the sky and sigh. "You're putting yourself in pointless danger."

"Pointless? I'm trying to stop a war from breaking out!" she retorts.

"By putting yourself right in the middle of it!"

"And what of it?" she snaps. "Why are you so concerned about what I choose to do?"

Her words catch me off guard. They remind me of my conversation with Tauriel and my mind runs blank. Words struggle to form as I stare at her with uncertainty. Unable to respond because I don't even know the answer myself, Aranel sighs and returns to her original position. "It is my choice, prince. And you have no say in it," she snarls.

Biting my lip, I pace a few step and rub the bridge of my nose. "What are you going to do if Thorin discovers your betrayal and turns on the both of you?" I ask, my frustration with this impossible woman rising.

"Then I will fight him," she says bluntly.

I turn to face her, completely exasperated. "It's that simple?"

She nods. "Yes, it's that simple."

Rubbing at my jawline, I nod knowing she won't change her mind. She is set in her ways. "Fine. I will not stop you," I forfeit. "However, you'll only have yourself to blame if your plan goes awry."

"I'd have it no other way," she replies.

And then without another word, Aranel escapes back into the mountain, the turnout of our conversation reminding me of earlier times.



Author's note:


Alright, I'm back everyone! I know it's taken awhile, but I'm getting back into the habit of writing. If you don't remember from earlier, the story is following more of the book than the movies now, although it will have it's own twist to it considering this is a fanfic. There are probably only around 7 or 8 more chapters left at this point, so get excited for the battle of the five armies! Thanks for reading! The next update will probably be in the next few days. :)


>