


Title
: Beyond Illusion: Falling Into Sin

Author
: Pikadaj

Summary
: "It's not love- that much Ludwig is certain of. It's not quite hate either" LACE! (JacexLudwigxJace) Drabble

AU to the book series, Beyond Illusion, which can by bought off of Amazon~



It's not love- that much Ludwig is certain of. It's not quite hate either, but every time that infuriating smirk is tossed his way, the chance of it being hate increases just a little. If it were actually hate that he feels for the other, Ludwig wouldn't allow the touches. If it were actually love, then he wouldn't make sure that his own touches hurt so much.

He sinks his teeth into skin, drawing a hiss from his companion. Ludwig doesn't bother trying to find out if the hiss was one of pleasure or one of pain.

"Damn, Luddy-kins. I know I'm good enough to eat, but this is overkill, you know?" Comes the complaint.

Turns out that the hiss was uttered in pain.

"I
vould prever
if
Sie
didn't talk,
Herr
Arani." his accent laden voice drawls out.

A pout forms on Jace's lips for a split second before a smirk replaces it. "Then how about we get to occupying my mouth in a different way, hm?" his eyes are half-lidded, his voice a low growl of which Ludwig likes to pretend does nothing to him.

Ludwig narrows his amethyst eyes as he feels big hands roam up and down his thighs and he's about to object when lips attack his neck. Unlike his own harsh bites, these kisses are gentle- almost mockingly so. As always, Jace knows exactly what he needs to do to make Ludwig come undone and as always, Ludwig fights the motion.

"Just give in," somes the seductive purr "you know you will in the end."

"I
vill
not." Ludwig objects and he wonders if this is how Eve felt when the snake offered her the apple. He knows his words are a lie- just as how Eve took that apple, he always gives in, in the end. Jace's chuckle proves that the other is well aware of this.

"Have it your way," to Ludwig's surprise, Jace actually pulls back a little. On instinct he grabs onto Jace's arm, holding him close to him, their bare chests pressed together.

"Where does
Sie
think
zat Sie
is going?" He asks, his voice annoyed.

"I thought you didn't want to give in?" Amusement dances in silver orbs, and Ludwig knows he's been had. Damnit. Somehow it always ends this way. "Did you change your mind?" The taunting tone of voice is subtle, but still enough to make a scowl break out on Ludwig's face.

"Continue
vot Sie vas
doing." he says shortly.

Another chuckle, "As you wish." Again, that infuriating smirk appears as Jace leans closer, pushing Ludwig back on the bed gently.

Ludwig's hair, released from his ponytail by Jace's quick fingers, falls over the pillow in waves. He turns his eyes away from the sight of Jace towering over him on his hands and knees as the other lowers his head to continue his previous ministrations on Ludwig's skin.

Well, it's fine, isn't it? After all, it's all Eve's fault that Ludwig is currently falling into sin.

>