


Chapter 11: The Dream




Joey POV



As I look at the body lying on the bed, who look oddly like the love of life but at the same time so much like a stranger. This boy lying in this bed had no life to him, but you wouldn't know this from his heart beat. His face was pale and sunken in, I could trace all the bones upon his beautiful face. Though his eyelids have been shut for what felt like a lifetime, when it has only been 2 weeks, I know that his once ocean blues that held so much light would hold none at this moment. With one of my hands I hold on to his as tightly, but gently as I dared to because his hand was practically skin and bones. While my other hand rested on top of my huge stomach that seemed to grow overnight. I could trace the blood vessels in his hands all the way up his arm. He had lost so much weight that even the gown looked big on him.

This was my Pacey, but it wasn't. This person had all the right features but none of the personality. I just wanted him to wake up and banter with me again; I mean I would even take the annoying way he acted over this…this silence. The silence represented the unknown because if he was in a coma it was one more day of him not knowing he was going to be a father, one more day of not knowing I love him. I look around the room at the people occupying the once empty room. I could see Jen, asleep on the couch with Jack's head on her lap. Oddly enough, Jen has been my rock these pass two weeks Pacey's been in a coma. I would have drowned in sorrow after that first week if Jen, Jack, and Gretchen hadn't made it their personally mission to take care of me and little Pacey Jr here. My eyes traveled to Andie who was sitting on the other side of Jack reading a book. I couldn't find the words to speak to her seeing as she didn't take the news of me being pregnant by Pacey very well, because she is supposedly still in love with him. I mean it's been 2 years get over it already, but she hadn't made a scene so I saw no reason to kick her out. Which brings me to a person I haven't seen since he through his hissy fit two weeks ago.
Dawson Wade Leery




2 weeks ago…




"Your welcome sweetie, I will see you later on." She replied before leaving the room, leaving behind a room full of weary, sad, and shocked faces.



"Mrs. Witter?" his parents asked.



"You're pregnant" Dawson asked in disgust. All I did was rolled my eyes at them both. This is going to be a long night. "Joey what the hell is she talking about."



I can tell that everyone but Gretchen was waiting on an answer but I had no words for the group of people around me. They weren't supposed to before Pacey did. As the thought of Pacey crossed my mind I burst in to tears again. "I'm so sorry" I whispered out but they all heard me. Dawson thought the apology was for something else and came in held me. But I wasn't apologizing for being pregnant I was simply apologizing because they knew before Pacey. This made cry more, everyone knew he would be a father before he did. He is really going to hate me and feel betrayed now.



"We can fix this" Dawson said only making this worst. "There is always abo…" before he could even finish the words I shook him off.



"Don't you dare say it." I replied curtly, tears drying and my anger fuming at the thought. "Even if it wasn't to late I would never abort Pacey and my child, no matter what anyone says." Dawson face fell.



"Then what are going to do? Raise a baby by yourself because Pacey is not going to stick around." John, Pacey's dad piped in.



"Yes" I said turning to face him. "And Pacey would never leave his child. He would show him all the love he didn't get from you two and the rest of that thing you call a family." I spat at him, his wife and the rest of the Witter clan in the room, with the exception of Gretchen of course.



"Pacey doesn't know the definition of love." Dawson complained.



"He knows more about it than you."



"Please" Dawson huffed, offended by the slight. "He left you at prom, he doesn't love you. And even if he did, who is to say he would want you back."



"Because he loves me and that was to protect me." I say indignantly.



"Well he want love you anymore after he find out about prom night." Dawson said heatedly making it seem like something more happened than it did.



"What happen during prom night" Gretchen asked looking pointedly between us.



"Yeah Dawson, what hell happened on prom night?" I asked no at all deterred by the line of questioning.



Dawson looked at me questioningly. "You know what happen, you were there." sounding confused and a little lost.



"Oh, I know I was there but the events you are speaking happened totally different than the way you are making them out to be." I state taking a menacing step forward. "You see I remember being inconsolable from being dumped that night and looking for answers to the questions that was left in my head."



"Yeah we went to that room on the boat, to be alone and things go out of hand." Everyone gasped at this bit of information when Dawson stopped talking letting everyone else come to their own conclusion, thinking he shocked me into no speaking I can see the beginning of a smirk form on his face as doubt started to form in everyone's mind as to who the baby's father is. But I wasn't having it.



"By things got out of hand, what exactly are you referring to?" I asked, daring him to explain himself, causing the smirk to fall.



"You know," he replied nervously.



"No I don't know you going to have to spell it out for me Dawson." I say calm and curtly. Everyone eyes bounced back and forward.



"We had sex" he said kind of haughtily. I laughed and not just any kind of laugh but a rolling on the floor belly aching laugh. "It's not funny" he continued a little unsure of himself.



"Oh but it is." I say with another laugh. "You and I had sex, come on get real. I made love to one person and it sure as hell was not you." I say angrily. "Yes we went into a room but all that happen was me crying over Pacey to you took it upon yourself to kiss me." I took another step towards him. "I pushed you off and left you in that room by yourself and haven't spoken to you since." I finished hotly.



"No" he shook his head. "But you came back. I got drunk but you came back to the room and we made love." He looks to be thinking back over that night.



"Awe it looks like Mr. Leery finally lost his virginity." I laughed. "But it damn sure wasn't to me. After I left that room I went and found Jen and we talked the rest of the night." I looked over to Jen, as did everyone else, she nodded confirming my words. "So tell Pacey about how you kissed me and I pushed you away because I was going to tell him that myself but it don't change the fact that even if Pacey don't take me back. I will


never


lay up under you." I spat the words out towards him. I could already feel the hormones of this pregnancy taking over. Dawson looked at everyone with wide eyes before he left the room.



I take a deep breath and sit down in the seat, while my hand instantly went straight to my stomach.



"Joey, are you okay?" Jen asked coming up beside me.



"Yeah" I reply looking up at her, "That just took a lot out of me." I finished and she just nodded but didn't move from her spot beside me. I was grateful for that because as looked around the room I knew the fight wasn't over yet.




Present…



That day turned out to be anything but calm. Soon after Dawson left, pretty much two thirds of the Witter clan left the same way after a few choice words. I mean it seem its parents forgot all about their son possibly being on his deathbed and focused back him being a loser and a few other words that I don't care to think about. So I eventually kicked them out with the help of Gretchen, Doug (the only Witters that stayed), Bodie and Bessie. Then after they left I had about ten minutes of calming down when they have brought Pacey back in the room.



2 weeks ago…




Everyone had just drifted off into their own thoughts when the door opened again.



A man in a white coat walked in the room along with two nurses willing Pacey into the room. The man instructed the nurse on what to do as they set Pacey back in the spot facing the ocean and I felt smile drift to my face at this fact. The man, who I assume was a doctor looked around the room. "Wow, Pacey has a lot of people who care about him." The doctor chuckled. "Hi, I'm Dr. Michael Avery" he took a look around the room before settling his eyes on me. "And you must be Joey, right." I nod and blushed at the fact that Pacey must really talk a lot about me we shake hands before he continues. "Pacey talks a lot about you. I am his main doctor. I am glad that he finally grew some sense and finally included you all." He said looking at everyone while they chuckled a little.



"How is he?" I finally ask looking over at Pacey's sleeping form before reaching to grab his hand.



"It seems that cancer finally stopped spreading so far, but I am not sure if he will wake up. He still has some brain activity so that is good but the cancer seem to do way more damage in the last month than before chemo. It's to my knowledge that he slipped into a coma before that rushed him off right." I nodded at this as tears well up in my eyes, "I am sorry to inform you but, I'm not sure when he or if he will wake. The next twenty-four hours is very crucial if he wakes up. " He finished.



"And if he doesn't wake up in the next twenty-four hours. What are his chances?"



"His immune system is so low from the chemo and now from radiation therapy it had contracted a low grade fever which caused his heart to stop." We all flinched at this and Bessie rubbed my back. "The fever with the combination of the cancer and chemo caused some damage to his brain…"



"I thought you said his brain activity was okay" Bessie cut him off and I can hear the pain in her voice.



"If he wakes in the next twenty-four hours, I am sure there will be little to no damage but after the twenty-four hours are up, I'm afraid that the damage done to his fontal and temporal lobe that he may develop memory loss." He says looking at me with sympathy.



"How much would he remember?"



"He could remember so much to up to a year ago or in some cases he want even remember his own name." he answered. "But hopefully this will not be the case and he will wake up. I know Pacey and he is a fighter and he will not go down without a fight. So, let's just get through the next twenty-four hours okay." Everyone nodded their heads before the doctor nodded and left the room.



The room remained quiet after he left; no one knew what knew what to say so we sat staring at the boy that brought us here. After a while Bodie and Bessie took Alexander home, Bessie promising to come back with clothes and food for me. I nodded my thanks and kissed Alex on the forehead before I resumed my spot by Pacey's side.



It's been twenty-two hours since they brought Pacey in from surgery and he have yet to wake up. Only two hours left and it's beginning to freak me out. Everyone else is fast asleep Jack was leaning against the arm of the couch asleep, Jen is laying on his lap, and Andie had her head on the other end the couch. I look across the bed to Gretchen who was also asleep. Bessie had called an hour after she left to tell me she will be back early in the morning. I look at the bed that holds the love of my life and the father of my child. This bed holds my life in its folds and it didn't even know it. In two hours my life could end or could begin. I squeezed my eyes shut as I leaned back into the chair and took a deep breath while keeping my grasp firmly in Pacey's. Images of a life with and without Pacey ran side by side in my mind. Each battling for dominance, one terrifying the living daylights out of me and the other allowing butterflies to take flight from the pits of my stomach to swore around my heart. I feel a squeeze to my hand and my eyes fly open and I look towards the bed.



"Pacey" I breathed a sigh of relief.



"Hey" came his painful reply; I grabbed the water next to the bed and gave him some, before pulling hime into a hug and was relieved when it slowly hugged me back. "How are my little ones?"



"How?" I pulled back from him shocked. "Ones? I'm only having one." I aspirated.



He just smiled at this "I have my ways" he croaked. "And I have it on good authority that there are three babies, two girls and a boy."



"Oh really, and you wouldn't happen to know the names of these three precious babies." I asked amused.



"Well we have a little boy named Javen Caleb and two little girls named Natalie Brooke and Skyla Valerie" he stated as a fact with a grin on his face.



"And who is having these three kids?" I raise an eyebrow at him.



"You are my lovely soon to be wife" he said and before I could reply the door opened.





Wassup Fans,





There you go guys finally an update that I have been hesitating about for so long I wish you all like the new chapter. And if the lord says the same I should update soon, school starts soon so I should have more time to write since the summer job tended to take up most of my time. Hey guys so tell me how you really feel about the chapter.





Tell Me How You Really Feel,





Miss Pretty Girl



>