


The Boy Of Ice



Aneres: Me and my need to fangirl about this couple. Its chessshipping. Anyways, Melacs telling me to say the disclaimer.



Disclaimer: I don't any of the pokemon, characters or anything unless I say otherwise. Crimson belongs to MarcosPsychic from deviantart! see you in the authors note!


My name is White Touko. I'm a pokemon trainer traveling Unova with my best friends, Bianca and Cheren. At the time, we were sitting down in the home of a lady who said she wanted to warn us about the Giant Chasm, which my friends and I were camping in front of. She had given us hot chocolate to warm up, since the Chasm is freezing cold at this time.

" There's a legend that's been in this town since before I was born. Long ago, when Reshiram and Zekrom were split in two, a meteor fell from the sky, creating a giant hole. None of the townsfolk regarded it as odd at the time. But they were sorely mistaken. At night, a monster would come from the hole, bringing a chilling wind and eat people and pokemon. Thats how this town got the rule, ' no going outside at night,' No one wants to be eaten by the monster." she told us. I shudderd at the story, while Bianca looked around with unease and Cheren frowned.

" What does it have to do with Giant Chasm?" he questioned the lady. " Everything. That monster lives there to this very day." she shooed was out of her house and we started walking back to our campsite. " I don't believe it. No pokemon can do that." Cheren said stubbornly. I shifted a little. " Well, that's the only possible explanation-" "White, its just an ice type, like Cryogonal. Besides. you need an ice type to have an upper hand against Iris in your gym battle tomorrow. So go catch it." Cheren told me. I whimpered. " But a Cryogonal doesn't eat people!" I told him. " It's probably a folk tale so people don't sneak out at night." He responded.

I glared at him. " Well, I'm sleeping in town." Bianca said, frightened from what we heard. I was about to agree, when Cheren spoke up. " White, just go in the Chasm and catch a Cryogonal. If you can, then I'll respect the elder's 'legend'." he challenged. Of course, I didn't want to, but I never back down from a challenge. I nodded, determined to meet his terms. I packed my things quickly and walked towards the Chasm entrance. " Good luck, White!" they both told me before walking into town. I took a few deep breathes to calm my nerves and stepped inside. I was hit with a freezing breeze and I shivered. It was freezing in here! Why, why, why did I agree to this?

In the town, Bianca and Cheren had their rooms booked and were exploring around. They had 2 hours until White was due to be back from the Giant Chasm. " Cheren, wasn't it dangerous to send White there? I mean, that monster might eat her too!" Bianca said worriedly about her friend. Cheren looked at her. " There is no monster in Giant Chasm!" Cheren told her. " I beg to differ." Both trainers turned to see a boy with black hair, pale skin and blood red eyes. He wore dark red gloves, a grey jacket, a shirt the same color as his gloves, black shorts that went to his knees with red on the sides, and red and black sneakers.

Cheren was the first to speak up after the appearance of the boy. " What do you mean?" he looked at the boy with suspicion. The boy shook his head. " There is a monster there. It's an ice type dragon by the name of Kyurem. From what I've heard, it still does eat pokemon and people who enter the Chasm at sun down." He informed them. Bianca gasped. " No! That means Whites in trouble!" she panicked. Cheren sighed and rub his temples. " Who are you anyways?" He said irritably. " I'm Crimson. As for you two?" he asked them. " I'm Bianca, and he's Cheren." she introduced. Crimson nodded. " Well then Bianca, Cheren, we better get to the Chasm and save your friend." All three nodded and started running.

At The Same Time, In The Giant Chasm

I walked deeper slowly, jumping whenever I heard a sound. The only pokemon I did meet were cave based pokemon, Boldore, Swoobat, and the occasional Cubcoo. But not a single Cryogonal. I rub my arms with my hands to warm them up, but it's way too cold. I stopped moving when an ear shattering roar echos through the room. Why did I let my pride get to me. Surrounding me were Beartics, all looking extremely irritated. I tremble, having a bad feeling about what was going to happen. Any sudden movements to release any of my pokemon would make me a goner. So I tried to stay still, praying to Arceus that they wouldn't attack me and just go away.

Sadly... That wasn't the case. Instead the biggest Beartic lunged at me. I ran away from it as his claws got wedged in the patch of ground where I just was. I kept running until I couldn't hear any trace of the angry bears. I sat down and shivered, wanting to leave so badly. A voice, deep and soft rang out from above me. " Are you hurt?" It sounded male. I looked around and whispered. " I'm fine.. Where are you?" The voice chuckled. " Look up." I raised my head and widened my eyes. Sitting on the top of a rock pillar was a boy, who surprisingly, didn't seem the least bit cold.

He looked my age, with brown hair the went to his chin, along with pale skin that was almost white, with brown eyes. He wore a blue jacket with a black shirt underneath, along with long black pants and red shoes with small bits of black. He looked down at me with a small smile on his face. " It's not often that this place gets visitors.." he told me. I shakily stood up and tilted my head. " Wait.. You live here?" I asked, shocked. He nodded and pushed himself off the pillar, landing in front of me. I gasped. If anyone I knew, or even me, would've done that, I was sure they'd sprain their ankles. But this boy didn't even flinch. " When I was a few days old, Kyurem found me and raised me." He told me. I frowned. Kyurem? That's not a pokemon I've ever heard of. He shrugged at my expression. " Not many people come here because the legend of Kyurem frightens them. So either you've never heard it, or your not afraid." He mumbled. I froze, again.

"Wait... Kyurem is the monster that ATE people and pokemon?!" I asked loudly. In the back of my head, I heard a voice, sounding male and middle aged. ' Ate? Thats absurd! I haven't harmed a human or pokemon for centuries. All the humans and pokemon who entered here froze to death. I didn't touch them.' the voice told me, sounding disgusted. I jerked my head around, trying to find the voices owner. When I did, I was shocked. Behind me was a giant dragon, the body dark grey, with a sort of ice armor, with two wing like appendages arching out. It had glowing yellow eyes and a small strek of yellow on it's forehead.

Kyurem spoke again. ' It's either you are really brave, or really stupid.' it chuckled. I felt my face turn read and I finally unfroze. " What?! Am not!" I growled at the icy dragon. ' Or... maybe the boys friend invited you? That is like her.. Trying to get the boy to have more than one friend..' it mumbled, more to itself. " Um.. K-kyurem? Who's 'the boy'?" I asked it carefully. It looked at him, its blank eyes showing confusion. ' The boy is the one behind you. His name is Black.' I nodded, happy to know mystery boy had a name. Until a familiar high pitched voice rang out. " White! Run! The monsters coming out!" Bianca's voice yelled, making me jerk backwards and stumble into Blacks arms, who caught me, his face showing confusion as Bianca, Cheren and a boy clad in red and black came running towards us. Oh, they were surprised when they saw me two feet away from the supposed 'monster' and being held by a boy.


Aneres: if theres anything you don't understand about the story, ask! Its the first story from me, so I hope you enjoy it! If theres any mistakes, TELL ME PLEASE!



Black: O-O; um.. chill? See you guys soon! I know for a fact she wont upload another chapter until 1 person reviews. That's it ^^;


>