

The City of Tokyo comes into view. Crowd of people are going about their everyday lives; going to work, playing video games, riding the monorail, hanging out with friends, going to theme parks... It was a bright, sunny day.

The view changes to the sun where it glows brightly. Soon, the scene changes to a new World where strange creatures live, where harmony co-exists in every element, and where light and dark are at peace with one another; the Digital World.

The scene shifts from a beautiful, sunny, blooming scenery to a dark, gloomy ruin. Many Creatures fled while others fought.

"
7 years ago, the Digital World was nothing like this. Darkness was at war. Chaos reigned. Hope was lost. Creatures called Digimons lived in fear."


Suddenly, a group of children appeared, each having his/her own Digimon partner/partners by his/her side.

"
But when there is Darkness, there is Light. A group of children called the Digidestined appeared. Alongside their Digimons, they fought for the freedom of the Digital World. Among these Digidestined, 7 stood out. While there are those who fought with strength and power, they fought with pure hearts.
"

Seven children are shown helping Digimons, even the darkened ones;

A girl with long indigo hair and black eyes is nursing baby Digimons in front of older, giant Digimons, including her mummy-like and spider hybrid-like Digimons.

A boy who looks like the girl except with short hair and dark blue eyes is fixing injured mechanical Digimons along with his worm-like Digimon.

Another girl with shoulder-length light-blue hair with one side tied held with a clip and grey eyes is helping Digimons keep warm during a snow storm with the help of her winged cat-like Digimon with wing-like ears.

Another boy with short wild orange hair and hazel eyes is rounding up a herd of Mammoth-like Digimons away from a collapsing city along with his armored-like pink and blue knight Digimons who were smashing rocks away from smaller evacuees.

Another girl with short brown hair and eyes is nursing sick and injured Digimons with her cat-like Digimon. They are joined by a boy with blond hair and blue eyes who was bringing in another injured Digimon alongside his guinea pig-like Digimon.

The last Digidestined was a boy with messy dark red hair and eyes, wearing gogles on his head, who was witnessing the Holy and Virus Digimons make peace with one another alongside his teddy bear-like Digimon.

The scene shifts again; a greater evil was looming the Digital World and the Human World. But the 7 Digidestined, along with their evolved Digimons, fought and overcame the evil as the sun rose in a brand new dawn.

"
With the bonds of these children and their Digimons, they were able to overcome the evil, thus restoring Harmony between the 8 elements. Since then, Peace was restored to the Digital World, and the Digidestined have lived on their normal lives, along with their beloved Digimons by their sides.
"

"
Neo. Neo!
"


"NEO!" A boy with messy brown hair and brown eyes is seen inside of what seems to be a bedroom. He was busy shaking a blanket that seems to be moving on its own. Frustrated, he pulled the blanket, causing a boy of about his age tumbling down the bed, "Wake up, Sleepyhead! Come on! It's Summertime! Where's your Summer Spirit?"

"Five more minutes." Neo, a boy of 14 with messy dark red hair and eyes, replied as he tried going back to sleep, "Besides, didn't you say the same thing during Christmas?"

"More like Present Spirit to me." The two turned their gaze toward a moving lump in the blanket. Suddenly, a small blue dragon-like Digimon appeared out of it, "You didn't even appreciate the cake I made for you."

"That was a cake?" The other boy asked in surprise, "I thought that was a statue depicting me in my glory."

Suddenly, the blanket moved again, this time, revealing a teddy bear-like Digimon in multi-colored armour.

"Hey there, Spiritmon." Neo yawn before falling on top of his Digimon, snoring.

"Davis! Neo! Breakfast!" An adult female voice called, prompting Davis to wake up Neo.

"Coming Mom! Help me out here, Veemon!" He said to the blue Digimon. The two worked vigorously to wake up the sleeping boy, while Spiritmon squealed under his weight, with no success, "Come on, Man, you gotta wake up eventually."

"Neo, you got mail!" Davis' Mom called once again but Neo just ignored her, until... "It's from your friends!"

Upon hearing that, he quickly got off Spiritmon and quickly made his bed, took a shower, and changed his clothes.

"Wow." Davis remarked upon seeing how fast he is, "If only I was that fast on the Soccer field."


A little while later, the two boys are seated at the table, eating breakfast along with the rest of the family consisting of Davis' Mother, Father and older Sister, Jun. While the three weren't looking, Neo secretly dropped food onto the plates of Veemon and Spiritmon who were hiding under the table.

"Uh, what are you doing?" Davis' older Sister, Jun, a girl with spiky brown hair, asked as she saw Neo looking down at the table.

"Nothing." Neo quickly replied as he read the postcards sent by his friends.

One of the postcards depicts the blond boy and his guinea pig-like Digimon smiling near the Eiffel Tower. Another one depicts the brown-haired girl with her cat-like Digimon waving on top of the Great Wall of China. Another postcard shows the orange-haired boy and his armoured Digimons in a movie set in Hollywood. Another one shows the blue-haired girl and her winged Digimon ice-skating in Canada. The last postcard shows the indigo-haired girl and boy in Los Angeles with the worm-like Digimon, a woman dressed in red with light-blue hair and dark blue eyes, and a man dressed in a blue suit with black spiky hair and sunglasses.

Without the Digimons, Neo and his 6 friends may look like ordinary children, but in reality, they are the Digidestined who saved the worlds from total destruction and restored the peace between Dark and Light, thus reuniting the Virus Digimons with the other Digimons.

A long time ago, Neo visited his relatives in Tokyo during Summer vacation. That's when he discovered his Cousin Davis' secret. Since then, he found himself on a mission to save the Digital World and the Human World from total destruction along with the other Digidestined, and .their Digimons. On his very first visit in the Digital World, he was partnered with a very mysterious Digimon who could harness the power of 7 elements. He eventually called his Digimon "Spiritmon" and they both formed a bond that was inseparable. As the days passed, he soon encountered more challenges like a Dark Digimon Overlord, an Old-Friend-Turned-Bad, and even a jealous Davis. Eventually, Davis warmed up to him and even gave him his goggles, a sign of Neo becoming the new leader of the Digidestined which he proudly wore ever since, even in the Dining Table.

Of course those days have passed. He was thankful for those remaining days in the Digital World. Not only did he became a Hero, he even got new friends and a new sense of the World around him (even though those Humans who witness their heroic feats had that memory erased). He was so much busy catching-up with the good old days that he didn't notice Veemon sitting on his lap and looking at his postcards.

"Bet they're having so much fun." He remarked.

"Ha! They're missing all the fun here." Veemon replied back.


Unknown to them, the Digital World was in no condition of having fun.

The Earth was shaking. Lightning roared as it struck the ground. An ill wind blew. Waters rised, engulfing a village. Many Digimons ran in fear. Unfortunately, they were either dragged by their feet, zapped, washed by a current, frozen in place, snared in vines or even trapped in cages as shadows loomed over their unfortunate state.

Footsteps made their way towards the Digital Castle where they blasted off the entrance to the Throne Room of the Digimon Sovereigns.

"Who dares..." A blue dragon-like Digimon called Azulongmon was caught off-guard when a claw slammed him down to the ground by the neck. The rest of the Sovereigns fought back, but were eventually over-powered, thus they lay on the ground, defeated.

The invaders, a group of shadowed beings, parted, making way for their indigo-hooded leader. The leader of the Sovereigns, Fanglongmon, was lifted by one gloved hand before being slammed onto the wall.

"I… will… never… Not one…" A beaten up Fanglongmon glared at the leader who was busy staring at a portrait of the Digidestined of the World and their Digimons. Fanglongmon was slammed at the wall once more before being dragged towards the portrait.

"I'll make this quick and easy for you." The hooded leader said in a demonic voice, as his glowing red eyes and sinister grin reflected off the glass frame of the portrait, "Who are they?"

>