


Separated groups (The members of the group have their respective Digimons):



A. TK, Kari, Magicians, Cody, Joe, Mimi.



B. Kevin, Thea, Demigods, Yolei, Sora, Izzy.



C. Ken, Shade, Spirits, Davis, Tai, Matt.



D. Neo, his relatives, and the other Digimons.




They had to be


separated.



Davis screamed as he and the others ran from the Demons pursuing them. When the Demons were nowhere to be seen, Veemon used his strength to quickly dig a hole on the ground, enough for the entire group to fit in. Once everyone was inside, Kat covered the hole with a slab of rock. Surely enough, the Demons weren't able to see them and kept roaming the halls in search of them. Once they were sure they were gone, the group emerged from their hiding spot, sighing in relief.

Davis cringed when his Digivice began to vibrate. Hesitantly, he picked up his Digivice.
Oh man. What is he going to say to his Parents?


"
Hello?
" He asks nervously as he answered the call.

"Davis." It was his Grandpa Kai, "What happened? Where are you? Where are the Guardians?"

"Yeah..." Davis replied nervously, "Bad guys attacked, and... we, kinda...
split.
"

"

WHAT?!

" Both his parents cried.

"But, but... Don't worry." Davis assures, "We'll find them eventually.
Or they'll find us first.
Whichever way, we'll be fine.
Trust me.
"

Davis' parent were quite,
unsure
of his claims. So they turned to Kai.

"This isn't the
first
time." Kai replied.

After a few moments, Mrs. Montomiya turned to Davis, "Just, don't turned
evil
or anything like that, okay?"

"Got it, Mom." Davis assures.

"Don't you worry about it." North added, "We'll be reunited in no time."

"Speaking of
time,
" Mr. Montomiya points out, "that time when you gave me that Cuckoo Clock for Christmas..."

He didn't get to finish as Davis ended the conversation.

"Sorry about your Sleigh." Shade sympathizes with North. The tornado not only separated them, but it also destroyed North's ride, shredding them into pieces. Luckily, the Reindeers were spared.

"Its gonna take more than breaking Sleigh to bring me down!" North chuckled, only to cry moments later at the loss of his beloved Sleigh.
Poor guy.


"I hope the others have better luck than us." Ken muses as Shade comforts North.


"I don't understand. There should have been another path over there." Ultramon ponders while the others screamed as they ran away from the Demons and Devils. As the
former
resident of the Chaos Castle, the group decided that the blue armored Digimon should lead the way. Unfortunately for them, Satan
had to
curse the entire Castle.

Luminamon flew in front of the Demons and Devils. She glowed so bright that they had to cover their eyes, allowing the others to make a quick get-away.

"I bet the others have better luck than us." Thea remarks.



You're


way off


Thea.


Just like the other groups, TK and Kari, along with the other members of their group, were running for their lives as the Demons and Devils chased them. Sadie stopped and thrust her hand at the Demons and Devils, expecting something to happen,
but nothing happened.


Sadie thrusts her hands multiple times in frustration, prompting her brother and Zeke to pull her back to safety. They managed to hide in a corner and waited until Satan's Followers ran pass them. Once the close was clear, they got out of their hiding place and sighed in relief.

Carter notice the gloom on Sadie's face and walked over to her, "Sadie? You...?"

"
No. No I am not


OKAY!

" Sadie snaps before he could finish, "
Because of those bloody Devils, I can't do anything right! I'm


useless! USELESS!

"

"Sadie." Zia sympathizes.

"You know you're not the
only
one who lost her powers." Leona pointed out.

"At least you didn't get dragged back into the Afterlife." Sadie snapped.

"Well that's
harsh
." Kari remarks.

"Actually..." Leona was interrupted by the incoming footsteps of the Demons and Devils. The group wasted no second to dash out of the way before they could get caught.

"
Cowards.
" Vilgax scoffed as he and Helga watched them flee from the shadows.

"
Well what else do you expect from a bunch of mere Human Beings?
" Helga asks.

"Why are we even
wasting our time
chasing those Destined?" Vilgax asks.

"
Those Destined are the keys I need in order to darken


The One Creature


who will complete my lifelong plan.
" Satan spoke telepathically in both Demons' heads, "
I have waited


too long


for this.


Don't, fail me. Otherwise, you'll end up like your weak siblings.

"


Siblings.
This triggered horrifying memories in both Demons' heads. The feeling's quite
ironic
; For years, they have waited for that,
opportunity
. And when they finally got it...
Ugh. No. That can't be right. They should have been


celebrating.


Why...?


"If you two done with your pathetic
soliloquy,
then you should be aware that they're
no longer within the area!
" Isis voice snapped them out of their thoughts.

Just as Isis said, the group were already gone. Not one Digimon or Human could be seen.

"Well you
Creatures
have quite the '
powerful
' senses." Isis remarks sarcastically, only to be held by the throat by Helga.

"
Remember your place,


goddess.

" Helga warned darkly. Her shadow emerged from the ground, moving like snakes to radiate her rage. She roughly let go of Hera before searching for the run-away group.

Isis mentally cursed the Demons.
Why did Satan even made her obey their commands? She should be in charge,


not them!


Once


she


capture those Brats, Satan will finally put her where she truly belongs. After all; it'll be easy for her to capture those puny Humans.


Seeing how a certain Magician is filling her heart with so much doubt...





Important Events:


●
North's Sleigh is destroyed in the tornado.


●
TK and Kari's group is being pursued by Vilgax, Helga and Isis.


>