

"
Sadie, what has gotten into you?!
" Carter cried.

All he got in response, was an attack. He doesn't understand why his sister is doing this.
And when did she get her Magic back?


Lillymon tried using her Wreath in order to calm Sadie down, but the Magician just tore it off her before magically tying up the Flying Digimons.

"
Stop it!
" Cody cried, but his plea fell on deaf ears.

Sadie continues to tighten her magical binds, increasing the intense pain on the Digimons. Carter couldn't believe his Sister was doing this.
But he has to stop her this very minute!


"
Sadie,


STOP!

" The moment Carter raised his hand, a golden light rippled across the room, causing Sadie to fall on the floor, releasing the Digimons in the process.

As the TK, Kari and Mimi checked on their Digimons, the others stood in complete shock;
Carter got his Magic back! But how?!


Carter was as stunned as the others. The puzzlement brought back
terrifying
memories of him being bitten by the Devils and Demons, draining him of his Magic. He felt
helpless
, and
weak
trying to fight them off,
until it was too late. He thought he would never turn into a giant, humanoid falcon ever again. And then... But it couldn't be... Could it?



Only one way to find out!


Closing his eyes, Carter concentrated with all his might in order to form a clear image of a glowing humanoid falcon in his head. That's when he felt a wave of warm light surrounding his body. He felt a powerful force lifting him into the air. When he opened his eyes,
he found himself inside a tall humanoid hawk avatar!


The other Magicians were struck with awe;
Carter got his Magic back! If it was possible for him, then they could get their Magic back too!


Sadie stood in complete shock, before calmly speaking, "Well... I always did know you were the most gifted one,
Kane.
"

Carter's eyes widened in realization; She spoke his Last Name in a
different
voice. A
different, yet familiar
voice. That's when he realized
that


wasn't


his Sister!


"
Isis.
" He angrily addresses the goddess inside his Sister.

"
Isis?!
" Everyone else cried in surprise.

Isis claps in amusement, "
Very good, Carter Kane.
As you can see; Your Sister and I have reached a
mutual agreement.
"

"
No you didn't.
" Zeke scoffed, "
You possessed her


against her will!

"

"
At least someone got her Magic back.
" Isis mocked.

"
That's not even


her


Magic.
" Carter lunged at Isis and grabbed his Sister's body with his avatar's hands, "
Get out of my Sister you crazy goddess!
"

Isis responded by blasting Carter off her. Just as she was about to finish him off, the other Magicians got in the way and stopped Isis from approaching further.

"
Oh. You all know too well


what's going to happen next.

" Isis... Sadie's eyes began glowing gold as well as her hands.

Despite knowing what the goddess can do, the Magicians stood their ground. Just as Seraphimon, Ophanimon and Lillymon were about to help them,
something happened to Sadie/Isis;


Sadie froze in place, unable to move or even cast her spell. Her eyes were glowing white, just like Leona's were. Suddenly, Leona collapsed on the ground. As the others rushed to her aid, Sadie began to move.

"
Get out of here you Little


Wretch!

" Isis cursed.

"

You


get out of my Friend!
" Sadie suddenly spoke with Leona's voice.

"O-kay." Sadie spoke... just like Sadie, "This is getting
weird.
"

It then occurred to everyone that Leona just
possessed
Sadie as well. Sadie's body twitches uncontrollably until finally, she collapsed on the ground. Her body glowed momentarily until a wave of light slithered away from her before materializing into the goddess Isis.

As both Leona and Sadie woke up, Isis growled with rage.
How dare that Little Wrench...!


Just as she was about to get back at the Magicians, a sickly, green claw grabbed her hand.

"
Oh poor,


stupid Isis.

" Helga spoke in mock sympathy, as Vilgax tightened his grip on her hand, increasing her pain, "
You're 'lucky' Satan isn't here


to suck the Energy out of you and turn you into a withering, old HAG!

"

Vilgax roughly threw Isis against the wall before turning his gaze at the Digidestined. He unsheathes his sword from his tentacles that took the form of a make-shift scabbard. The black blade was wide, with sharp edges around it, as if they were made from the teeth of a giant shark. Vilgax swung his sword, creating a wave of Dark energy to cut through from the ceiling to the floor. The impact caused the ceiling to crumble, causing large fragments to fall on the Digidestined. Luckily, their Digimons were able to push them out of the way.

While the Digimons were occupied with their Partners,
Vilgax struck Seraphimon from behind.


The Armored Angel Digimon cried in intense pain before reverting back into Patamon and falling into TK's arms. Ophanimon and Lillymon tried blasting at the two Demons, only to be struck from behind, reverting them back into Tailmon and Palmon.

"
Our Nephew was a more


worthy adversary.

" Vilgax scoffed at the
weak
Digimons.

"
Even if he did forget who he was.
" Helga added.

"Wait.
You're


Neo's Relatives?!

" Joe exclaims in surprise while Mimi pushed him away from an incoming attack.

Carter, still in his Avatar state, retaliated by engaging in a hand-to-hand combat with Vilgax. Vilgax got the upper hand and managed to pin Carter against the wall. He struggles to escape, but manages to grab Vilgax' sword which he uses to scratch him a bit on his back, releasing him from his grip.

Vilgax cried in intense pain. He stopped when he noticed Carter pointing
his
sword at him.


How dare that


Little...



Carter felt a strong, dark aura coming from the Demon. The next thing he knew, he was knocked to the ground, making him let go of Vilgax' sword in the process.

Vilgax approached Carter's unconscious form as his Avatar disappeared. Before he could take a step further, Sadie stood protectively in front of her brother, glaring at the Demons.

Both Vilgax and Helga were caught by surprise.
Could a Human really be that


foolish


to sacrifice her own life for her


pathetic


Sibling?



Flashback...




It just can't end like


this!




How could they let themselves get


overpowered


so


easily?!




Here they are; Trembling before two powerful adversaries. Just as they were about to meet their fate,


they got in the way...




Sadie was confused when the two Demons just stood there before her in bewilderment. Suddenly, she was pulled away by Zia while both Joe and TK held Carter by the shoulders. By the time Helga and Vilgax were snapped back into reality,
the group was already gone.


Helga screeched before pushing Isis against the wall, "

How could you let them ESCAPE?!

"

Before Isis could reply, both Helga and Vilgax received sudden migraines in their heads.

"
And here I thought you two were


incapable


of such,


thoughts.

" Satan's voice echoed inside their heads, "
But even the


best


ones are capable of such


weakness.

"

"

Never, again.

" Helga hissed.

"

Nothing, more, than...

" Vilgax added.

"
No need."
Satan interrupted, "
Just get me those


Brats.


And this time;


Save your Appetite for later.

"

Helga and Vilgax reluctantly obeyed as Satan cut off his link. Vilgax looked down at his sword.
There was no way he was losing such a powerful weapon. And an


important


one too...



No.


Not again.


Its a Weapon, and that's what it will always be.


After he sheathed back his sword in his back tentacles, he, Helga, Isis, and their lackeys went in search of their prey.


This time,


with no distractions…




"They won't make it." Satan remarks as he sips his wine.
It doesn't matter anyway. As long as he has Neo, he'll be unstoppable.




Important Events:



● Carter regains his Magic.



●Sadie is revealed to be possessed by Isis.



●Leona regains back her Magic and possesses Sadie to free her from Isis.



Vilgax and Helga were Guardians of Eden.


>