
The true Taiora.

By Humpty84

Disclaimer-I do not own Digimon.


The true Taiora

This story takes place 10 years after zero 2. A fresh new day in Tokyo begins and the 8 year old girl woke up.
"Joan are you awake sweety" called her mother from downstairs.
"Yeah mom" she called down.
"Bye sweetheart" called her farther.
"See you tonight dad" she called down.

"So then Tai when will you be home" asked his wife.
"I don't know Sora" Tai answered, "I generally don't know. Kari is my sister you know."
"See you tonight then Tai," said Sora as he walked up the door.

Joan walked herself to school.
"Hey cousin" yelled a voice behind her.
"Oh hi Paul" said Joan.
"Mom and dad are going out tonight so I'll be eating at your place tonight" Paul told her.
Paul was the Son of Matt and Mimi.
"Paul why are you parents ignoring you?" Joan asked.
"I don't know Joan but they did say they will always love me," Paul said.
"Common Paul or we'll miss school," Joan said.
The two rushed off the school.

Kari was sitting down at home talking on the phone.
"So how is Mimi TK?" she asked.
After she got her answer she replied
"Soon well I hope they tell Paul before she arrives"
The doorbell rang.
"TH" she said "I have to go now someone is at the door, OK, luv ya" and she hung up.
Kari opened the door and saw her brother Tai.
"Tai what brings you here?" she asked.
"Well sis I happened to be in the neighbour hood..." Tai answered.
"All right Tai do you want some tea,coffe???" Kari asked.
"Sure Kar..."Tai was stopped by the sound of Kari little boy Charlie.
"Uncle Tai" Charlie said as he saw his uncle. The 5 year old gave him a hug.
"Hi Charlie" said Tai "how are you?"
"Fine Uncle Tai" said Charlie "but I miss dad"
"Miss dad??" Tai asked, "What happened to TK"
"Oh TK's helping Matt and Mimi at the moment" Kari told her big brother.
"Helping???" Tai asked.
"Yeah would you believe that Mimi being pregnant would give Matt and TK so much work to do."? Kari told him.
"Mimi's pregnant again, does Paul know?" Tai asked.
"No they say their waiting for the right time" Kari answed.
The phone rang and Kari picked it up.
"Hello Ishida residence Kari speaking" she said.
Someone talked to her for a few minutes.
"OK TK I'll be right there" Kari said and hung up.
"What is it?" Tai asked.
"Mimi's giving birth" Kari answered.
The phone rang again. Kari answered it again.
"Hello Ishida residence Kari speaking" she said.
"A few minutes leater she gave it to Tai.
"Its Sora" she said.
"OK Sora...Paul is with you and Joan...Sora tell the kids to get ready to go to the hospital...We are going to meet Paul's baby brother...I'll explain on the way...We can get a Burger Queen or something...bye Sora"
Tai hung up.
"Come on guys lets get in the car" Tai told Kari and Charlie.

At the hospital Tai, Sora, Kari, Joan, Paul, and Charlie were waiting for news. Matt entered the room.
"Hi Tai" he said "Paul will you come in to you're mothers ward?"
"Sure" said Paul "what happened to mum dad?"
"They entered the ward and saw Mimi with a small baby on her lap.
"Son this is your new baby sister" Matt said to Paul.
"Paul" Mimi said, "life will never be the same again but it is changing for the better"
Paul nodded.
"Congratulations mum" Paul said giving his mother a big hug.

THE END





>