

Well, I have absolutely no idea why I decided to write my first fanfic about two sisters gettin' it on...

Anywho... here it is.

I don't own Frozen, the story, or the characters...


"Elsa! Elsa!" Anna came bounding down the hallway as she noticed her older sister coming out of the throne room. Elsa glanced back at her sister, looking a little worse for wear.

"Anna, hi." she answered softly as the energetic girl reached her.

"Hey, what's up? Did it not go well again?" Anna was speaking of the sudden flood of suitors that had requested the Queen of Arendelle's presence.

"Yeah, I guess you could say that." Truthfully, the meeting hadn't gone bad. Looking back, Elsa recalled the man she had just met being very handsome, courteous, and in a very high position in his country. But, she turned him down anyway, a fact that seemed to annoy Anna royally.

"Shoot! And this one seemed so awesome too!" Anna was dying for some of the sisterly gossip she assumed Elsa and her had missed out on during their teen years.

"C'mon Elsa. What happened? Spill. Now. That's an order from the Princess of Arendelle." Elsa couldn't help but chuckle at the girl's silly demand.

"Don't you think that being the
Queen
of Arendelle, I have the right to dismiss your order?"

"Awww! Not fair!" Now Anna started to giggle, and soon both sisters were laughing quite loudly.

"But seriously Elsa, why'd you turn him down?" Anna had a sudden thought and gasped, "Did he pick his nose and eat it?"Elsa didn't know if she was more shocked by Anna's absurd question or by the very serious look on her face.

"What? No, Anna, why would you think that?" Anna looked a little sheepish and mentally slapped herself for being so naive as to listen to anything Kristoff told her.

"Um... I just heard that all men do that..." Anna trailed off.

"Did Kristoff tell you that?"

"Yes..." Elsa sighed,

"You poor girl. What else did he tell you." she teased.

"Wha- nothing! I swear! Hey, wait, we were talking about you! You can't worm your way out of this!"

"Haha... okay, okay. Let's go to my room and we can talk there."

"Yippie!" Anna grabbed Elsa's hand and started to drag her down the hall.


"So, now that we're both settled, you gotta tell me what was wrong with him." Once Anna had shoved Elsa into an over sized armchair, she stood in front of her and proceeded to interrogate her.

"You're settled? Really?" Elsa questioned.

"As settled as I'll ever be! Now come on! Stop dodging the question." Anna was relentless.

"Alright. Ummm..." honestly, Elsa didn't know how to respond.

"He... uh... oh, Anna, I don't know. I guess I just don't fall in love with men as fast as you do."

"Hey. Not fair." Elsa could see the small twinge of pain on Anna's face, and quickly apologized.

"Sorry, Anna. I... I just can't think of a reason. I mean, he was handsome, charming, and rich. Maybe I'm overly wary of men."

"I guess that's my fault, huh?" Anna knelt down and gently placed a hand on Elsa's knee. Elsa stared at the hand intently, as if it held the answers to all the world's problems.

"Anna, oh God no! It's probably because of the isolation, or something. Not because of you."

"Hey, wait. What happened here?" Elsa looked back up to her sister, who surprisingly had a smirk on her face.

"This was supposed to be a fun, gossipy conversation. How did it turn so gloomy?!" She suddenly thrust herself upwards and pointed a finger in Elsa's face.

"There's something wrong with you." Elsa's eyes widened in panic. She knew Anna was joking, but her statement was so spot on that it caused an icy surge of fear within the older woman.

"Woah, Elsa. I was just kidding. I-is there really something wrong with you?" Anna spotted a steady stream of frost creeping it's way up the arms of Elsa's chair. Elsa couldn't hold back her internal torment. She wanted to tell Anna the truth; that she would much rather be engaged to her younger sister than any man on the planet. It was killing her inside to have to hide again from the person she loved the most in the world.

Her chair was now practically solid ice, and Anna was growing fearful.

"Elsa? Hey, Elsa?! What's wrong?" She had gripped the panic stricken woman on the shoulders and gently tried to shake an answer out of her. Elsa quickly glanced down at one of Anna's hands on her shoulder, then back up at the woman who owned it. She seemed genuinely concerned.

"Y-you know what? This was probably a bad idea. You've obviously got some... stuff going on. I'll just leave, okay?" Now Elsa was really panicking.

"No, Anna. Don't leave me." She whispered. Her thoughts were swirling around inside her head. She needed to pinpoint on one and just stick with it. Somehow, the thought she decided to concentrate on was how her sister's hips swayed as she backed up towards the door. She swallowed the dry lump in her throat. There really was something wrong with her. Anna noticed the way Elsa looked at her, and her heart skipped a beat.

"Elsa? You look kinda sick."

"You're right, Anna. I am sick." Elsa said as she slowly got up from her chair and walked towards Anna.

"E-elsa" Anna barely choked out as her sister pulled her onto her bed. She could see the glazed look in the older girl's eyes, a look she normally reserved for, well, nothing she could remember.

"Anna." Elsa replied huskily as she sauntered towards Anna. Anna felt her stomach drop, but in a good or bad way, she couldn't tell. "You want to know the reason I turn down all my suitors, hmm? It's because none of them can turn me on the way you do." There was no turning back now. Elsa chose which direction she wanted to take this, and she was sticking with it.

"Huhwha?" Anna managed to reply, mouth agape. Elsa had made her way over to the bed and was now leaning over the stunned girl, inches away from shaking lips.

"You heard me. They just don't do it for me."

"Bu- I- there's no way! I never did anything...!"

"But you didn't have to. That's just one of the things that's so... sexy about you" Elsa traced her hand from Anna's hairline down to her trembling chin.

"Watching you savor a piece of chocolate, or the way your ass sways when you walk. I love it all." Elsa was reveling in her new found confidence. It felt so good to just, let it all go.

She bent lower, lips hovering over the other girl's mouth, still open in shock. "It makes me want to fuck you Anna."


Thoughts? Reviews appreciated. The real good stuff comes up next chapter XP

>