

Finally! Anna's on top! Hot lesbian incest ensues. Don't like, don't read!

I don't own Frozen, the story, or the characters...


Elsa's eyes widened in surprise. She hadn't expected this to happen. Actually, she hadn't even expected Anna to go along with her advances in the first place. So to have her sister straddling her now was a little unnerving.

"No, no Anna. It's okay. You don't have to force yourself to-"

"Who says I'm forcing myself? I wanna touch you now, so I'm going to. Got a problem with it?" Anna raised her eyebrows and pursed her lips; being her usual playful self.

"No, Anna. I don't." Elsa gulped. She was feeling the same way Anna had only a few minutes earlier, scared, and Anna noticed.

"Don't worry Elsa. I'll go slow." She kissed Elsa with so much emotion, that there was no way Elsa could not believe her. Anna looked back down at her sister and smiled, then went back to work kissing her.

"By the way..." she said between heated kisses, "I said I'd go slow, but that doesn't mean I won't tease you like you did to me." Elsa pulled back and blushed. Anna just laughed and kissed Elsa's cheek.

She worked her way up Elsa's face, kissing her jaw, then slowly licking up to the base of her ear. She took her earlobe in between her teeth and nibbled lightly. Elsa moaned softly as Anna traced the rim of her ear with her tongue. The sensation she was feeling now was so much stronger than when she was the one on top. If felt like her whole body was on fire; ironic, considering she was now known around the castle as the Ice Queen. Suddenly, Anna's voice pulled her out of her trance.

"Woah, Elsa! Your dress!" Elsa quickly looked down to see her dress slowly dissolving into snowflakes that floated into the air and disappeared. Usually she could keep her ice dress in its proper form with a bit of concentration at all times. But, with her body heating up rapidly and her mind wandering, she was losing control of her powers. Feeling horribly embarrassed, Elsa flicked her wrist and willed the dress to re-materialize.

"Wai... aww, Elsa! Why'd ya do that?" Anna complained.

"I-I don't know. I just didn't feel like having my dress suddenly disappear."

"Well it's gotta go eventually." Elsa blushed again. She knew that and yet the thought was a little nerve wracking. "Fine, I'll just take it off myself." Anna shoved her hands underneath Elsa, feeling her way across her back.

"Anna, what are you doing?"

"Trying to find the damn buttons. Or a clasp. Or something!" Anna was growing frustrated; she couldn't find any way to take off Elsa's dress. She was clawing at her back angrily, then decided flip Elsa over so she could see what she was doing.

"Hold on Anna!" Elsa protested as Anna desperately tried to shove her over. "It doesn't have any buttons!"

"Well
what
does it have!" Anna grumbled.

"Nothing! I just make it form to my body. Why would I need buttons?"

"Gah! I don't know!" Anna let go of her sister so she could flop back over to a normal position. She pouted and crossed her arms as she straddled Elsa. "But it needs to come off. Now." Anna's demand surprised Elsa; Anna wasn't usually so serious.

"Alright..." Elsa timidly agreed, "Give me a second." She exhaled slowly, trying to expel some of her nerves, then twirled her fingers. Anna was entranced as Elsa's dress once again disintegrated and the remnants floated in a stream past her hand and into the air above where they disappeared. The fact that Anna's gaze had followed the trail of snow made Elsa a little less embarrassed. She didn't know if she could have mustered up the courage to undress while her sister watched her.

Anna looked back down and gasped softly as she admired her sister's beautiful body. She had always been jealous of Elsa's attractiveness. Elsa was just slightly taller, her body a bit curvier, and her bust a size larger. While her ice dress was revealing, seeing the whole package was almost too much for Anna to handle. Suddenly, she had a thought.

"How come you weren't wearing underwear?"

"Um... I was. It's made of ice..."

"Oh." Really, Anna didn't care what Elsa's answer was. She had just blurted out the first thing that came to her mind. She shook her head slightly in an attempt to dispel her wandering thoughts, and focused on the task at hand.

Elsa flinched as Anna slowly placed her hands around her middle, then trailed them upwards. They grazed the swell of her breasts, making the blonde inhale sharply, but they didn't linger there. Once her hands found their way to Elsa's chin, Anna cupped her face and captured her lips in a searing kiss.

It felt like lightning struck Elsa's body for a split second because of the passion in the kiss. The feeling caused her to gasp slightly, opening her mouth in the process. Anna took the opportunity to lick the underside of Elsa's lips, parting her mouth further so she could drive her tongue inside. Elsa moaned in the back of her throat as her tongue swirled with Anna's. Anna made sure to explore every part of Elsa's mouth, just as she had done with her.

Elsa jumped when she noticed Anna was feeling the back of her teeth, and Anna smirked. It was so encouraging to find one of Elsa's sweet spots; she just had to find more. She broke the kiss, panting, and moved her tongue to Elsa's throat.

"Mmmm... Anna..." Elsa hummed. The sound of Elsa calling out her name was like music to Anna's ears. She had to hear it again.

"That's right Elsa. Moan for me." She couldn't help the words from flowing out of her mouth. It just felt too good to be the one dominating their situation. She dragged her teeth across Elsa's pulse point, then bit down sharply on the juncture of her neck and shoulder.

"A-Anna!" This time Elsa cried out in surprise and pain, but Anna was so turned on she couldn't tell the difference. She bit again, this time higher up on her neck. As she rolled her tongue over the divots her teeth had made, she felt some sort of primal urge swell up in her to mark her territory.

"Wait Anna! You'll leave a mark!" Anna had started to place hickeys all over Elsa's neck and shoulders, sucking almost painfully hard. The irritated, red marks contrasted beautifully against the queen's pure white skin. Anna seriously thought she had never seen something so astonishing in all her life.

"Who cares about marks?" Anna was more than a little irritated at her sister's lack of compliance.

"I do! They're unsightly!"

"Hmm... just wear your older clothes. The ones with the high collars and capes. Nobody'll see them" Anna went back down to engorge herself on her sister's tender neck, but Elsa shoved her face away.

"That's not the issue!
I'll
have to look at the marks!
I
don't want to see them there!"

Something within Anna snapped. She was fed up with Elsa having to be the one in charge; the one on top. Elsa had been on top all her life: she was the first born heir, the prettier sister with magical powers that left people in awe of her. Anna wanted;
needed
something she could call her own. She decided right then and there that the thing she would own would be Elsa.

"Well
I
am really sick of your complaining! If you don't just lay down and do whatever the fuck I say, I'll leave you here to take care of yourself!"

Elsa could only stare; she couldn't believe that Anna would act like this. Normally she was sweet and trusting and loving. But the Anna she was looking at now, she was full of years of pent up rage. Who would have guessed the redhead would finally let that rage out in the bedroom?

"So," Anna clumsily continued, "Are you gonna lie there and take it or not?" Once Anna had realized her darker side, the aggressor, she was a little scared by it. She had been a whirlwind of emotions this past night, and she seriously considered the fact that she could be having a mental breakdown. But she wasn't going to let Elsa know that. She really
really
wanted to be in charge, and if she had to be a bitch to get her way, then that's what she was going to be.

To Anna's surprise, Elsa slowly nodded, agreeing to her demands. The gesture made Anna's heart soften just a little. She leaned down and pecked Elsa on the lips.

"I said I'd take it slow, so I will, okay? But you gotta trust me, this is going to be fun." Elsa's stomach twisted in excited anticipation. However aroused she had been when she was making demands of Anna couldn't even compare to how aroused she was now. The idea of relinquishing all control and letting her sister take her in whatever way she wanted was both comforting and sexy.

Anna thought maybe she had said too much. How could she live up to her dominating words earlier by just trailing kisses over her sister's body like she had planned to do next? She hurriedly tried to think of something totally out-of-the-box, while not being too scary for Elsa's first time.

"Anna?" Elsa had softly spoken up. Anna realized she'd been lost in thought for too long and needed to get the mood going again. She supposed she'd just have to make things up as she went.

"D-did I say you could talk?" she tried putting on her bitch mask again. Elsa raised her eyebrows and shook her head slightly in response. Anna smirked.

"That's more like it. Don't make me have to slap you again." She crashed her lips to Elsa's, snaking her tongue quickly into the blonde's mouth. She noticed Elsa wasn't moving as much; she was probably afraid of what Anna would do if she overstepped her bounds. That fact just spurred Anna on further. She ripped her mouth away and went back to work on her sister's bruised throat, trading painful sucking for hot, wet licks.

"Anna..." Elsa moaned deep in her throat. Anna practically wet herself every time Elsa called out her name. That same primal lust that had driven her earlier had started to return, with a vengeance. Anna finished her assault on Elsa's neck with one final lap of her tongue. She looked down upon her flushed, writhing captive and knew she needed to taste more.

"A-ah!" Elsa cried out as Anna took her nipple fully into her mouth. Anna sucked hard like she had done earlier and thrashed her tongue around hungrily. Elsa desperately dove her hands into Anna's hair, tangling them in her braids. She felt like they were the only things keeping her from floating away from the earth at that moment. Her release was coming fast, an Anna hadn't even touched her lower half yet.

As Anna was working away at teasing Elsa's other breast, she faintly heard Elsa mumble.

"What did you say? Speak up!" she angrily demanded as she yanked on Elsa's braid.

"Ow! I, said..." she was reluctant to repeat her words, so Anna tugged her braid harder and forced her to talk.

"Agh! Ouch, I said I need it... down there..." Elsa trailed off, but Anna could still hear her request.

"Fine," Anna rolled her eyes at her sister's persistence, "but we're still going slow, got it?" She smirked as she used her comforting promise from earlier to tease Elsa. Anna knew she was going to reach her peak soon, and wanted to drag out the fun for as long as possible.

"Anything!" Elsa desperately complied.

"Good dog."

"What?!" Anna just wrenched Elsa's braid again in reply and laid a kiss in between her breasts. She stuck her tongue out and dragged it downward past her bellybutton, not stopping even after she was tasting the sweet nectar of Elsa's pussy.

"Aaaaah nghhh..." Elsa was close. All Anna had to do was move her tongue back upwards again, and the torment would be over.

Apparently Anna had licked farther than she anticipated, because she was past Elsa's front slit and headed towards the rear. She was about to retreat when she remembered that out-of-the-box move she'd been searching for earlier. Suddenly, a devilish grin flashed across her face as her eyes sparkled.

"Flip over." Elsa was so focused on trying to come, that she didn't even hear Anna talking to her. As punishment, Anna drew back and slapped Elsa's thigh, a loud 'crack' penetrating her eardrums.

"Ow!" she yelped. "What was that for?"

"On your hands and knees. Now." Elsa was so desperate to come, she felt like begging, sobbing. But she knew she'd never get to experience that earth-shattering feeling unless she put up with Anna's demands. With a look of disdain, she slowly sat up and crouched until she was on all fours. But she was facing the wrong way.

"Don't face me you moron! Turn around!"

Still glaring daggers into Anna's confident aqua-marine eyes, Elsa shuffled on her hands and knees until her bottom was directly in her sister's face. She hissed as Anna slowly rubbed her palms over her beautifully sculpted ass.

Why was she so suddenly concerned with Elsa's rear? She had just made contact with the most important part of a woman's body, she should be concentrating there. Or, at least, that's what Elsa thought. Anna, on the other hand, had something wickedly delicious up her sleeve.

Anna gazed hungrily as she smoothed her hands over Elsa's ass again and again. Her anticipation hit it's max, so she decided to get to work. Slowly, while feeling her sister's glorious behind one last time, she slid her thumbs in between the two mounds, prying them apart. Elsa's breath hitched; she did not like where this was going.

"Anna, don't! You can't..." Anna smacked her ass harshly in reply.

"Don't talk back you bitch."

"B-but... I don't... I'm... scared." Elsa's sincerity made Anna feel just a twinge of guilt. She laid a chaste kiss to her sister's behind, then slowly kissed her way upwards along her back until she hovered over her ear.

"Look, Elsa. You just gotta trust me." She whispered. Elsa shivered from the contact and decided to reply, "Okay."

Anna kissed her ear in thanks, then moved back down to her previous position. Starting again, she put a hand on each of Elsa's cheeks and separated them once more. She noticed Elsa's hole twitching in anticipation and chuckled softly. Just to see if this was something the blonde would actually enjoy, she slowly exhaled, teasing Elsa by directing the breath to her asshole.

"A-aah!" Elsa yelped in pleased surprise. She hadn't expected to respond so much to her ass being played with.

Satisfied with Elsa's response, Anna buried her face deep into Elsa's rear. Sticking out her tongue ever so slightly, she made contact with her anus.

"Ack! Jesus Anna! ngggghh..." Elsa was enjoying the new found feeling way more than she thought she would. She couldn't help but stick her ass out a little further, silently begging Anna to taste more. Anna was once again drunk on lust, swirling her tongue around Elsa's back entrance, trying to find a sweet spot. It was actually quite confusing at first; she didn't really know why people liked their assholes teased. She never touched herself there, and she figured it didn't feel as good as getting your other hole felt up. Obviously she knew all the good spots on a pussy, but these were uncharted waters she was eager to explore.

"Anna I... I can't take anymore!" Anna had started thrusting the tip of her tongue in and out of Elsa's ass, then switching back to swirl it around. At this point, she didn't even care if Elsa talked; she was clearly dominating the older girl. Feeling merciful, Anna laid down on her back so she was facing Elsa's sopping pussy. Elsa looked back, curious as to the lack of contact, and realized Anna was finally going to let her have her release.

"Bring down your hips." Anna ordered, and Elsa eagerly complied. She spread her legs further and pushed her hips downward until she made contact with Anna's awaiting tongue.

"Fuck! A-anna!" Anna grabbed Elsa's ass again as she eagerly ate the begging girl out. She ran her tongue over her entire pussy a few times, trying to lap up her overflowing juices, before she pinpointed her attack further up. She swirled her tongue around Elsa's throbbing clit in the same way she had with her ass. Finally, she let her tongue lap at the frustrated bundle of nerves, and Elsa was done for.

"ANNAAAAAA!" Elsa cried as she hit her peak. The teasing of her asshole had just served to intensify her orgasm, and she squirted uncontrollably. Anna wanted to continue her assault, but had to pull back because she was quite literally being drowned. She coughed and spat as Elsa rode out her orgasm, hips bucking, legs shaking, hands fisting in the bed sheets. The redhead could see Elsa beginning to tire, and she quickly crawled out from underneath the twitching mess of a girl before she collapsed.


Anna stood up and wiped her face off on the sheets before she realized just how wet Elsa's orgasm had been. She laughed to herself and nudged the older girl.

"Hey, Elsa! Get up, you can't lay in that mess."

"S-stop bossin' me 'round..." Elsa's reply was lazy and muffled by the pillows. She moved her head as much as she could muster to glare at Anna with one visible eye.

"Haha, I told you to trust me, didn't I? And look what happened! You came all over the place!" Confused, Elsa finally sat up and looked down towards the large puddle in the center of her bed. Her eyes widened in embarrassment, but that didn't last for long as she laughed out loud.

"Wow! Looks like I'm not sleeping here tonight."

"Sweet! Round two in my room!" Anna giggled.

"No way! I'm so exhausted. I'm going straight to bed!" Elsa swung her legs over the side of the bed and cautiously stood up, taking a few practice steps before deciding she was able to walk. After making her way over to her nightgowns which were hanging up over her dressing screen, she threw one on, then tossed one to Anna. She could feel the moisture in between her thighs as they rubbed together when she walked, and she grimaced.

"Ugh. On second thought, how about a bath first?"

"Or I could clean you up." Anna smirked and stuck out her tongue as she pulled her head through the borrowed nightgown.

"You can take a bath with me but that's it."

"Psh. I liked being in charge better." Anna's seemingly casual statement caused a massive blush to spread on Elsa's face. Anna couldn't resist teasing her.

"Wow Elsa. Who knew you loved being dominated so much?"

"Oh shut up! I touched you once and you came.
Hard
!" Now Anna was blushing. The two girls just glared at each other for a few seconds, then burst into uncontrollable laughter. After Anna had calmed down, she decided to be a bit more serious.

"So... does this mean no more suitors?"

Elsa choked on a laugh and replied sarcastically, "Yeah, Anna. I think it does."

"No Elsa," Anna made her way over to her sister and held her hands, "I want to know if you're serious about this." The redhead's look of determination made Elsa gasp softly. She didn't really know if there was a 'this' to be serious about. She was attracted to her sister, and obviously loved her, but could they be a couple? She leaned down so she could whisper in Anna's ear,

"I'm serious about wanting to fuck your brains out." She smiled devilishly at Anna's confused expression. Elsa decided she was entirely too exhausted to think about the future in her current state. She whipped around to face the door then sauntered out towards the bathroom, leaving Anna to run grumbling and chasing after her.


Yep. That's it. All finished!

I totally can't decide if I like DomElsa or SubElsa better... so I just had to use both XD

Thanks to Deividog for the rimjob idea. I was a little hesitant at first (anal's not really my thing) but now I think I found a new fetish lol!

I've got a few more ideas for Elsanna smut stories, but let me know if there's anything you guys want to see in particular. I'm always open for ideas!

>