

Niles and Daphne walked into the living room, where Frasier sat expectantly watching his cake. "Oh,
there
you two are! Dad's been waiting to light these candles
forever
!"

Daphne gave her boss an embarrassed smile. "Sorry. Your brother and I needed to have a little talk."

"Is everything all right?" Martin asked.

"Yes," Daphne answered, glancing over at the younger Dr. Crane. "Well, shall we get this birthday party started?" She and Niles took their places at the table, right across from one another. Martin then lit the candles, and everyone sang to Frasier. Slices of cake were passed around, and everyone began enjoying the dessert.

When the cake was nearly devoured, Niles turned to his brother. "Well, Frasier, I suppose now is the time for gifts." He reached into his jacket, removing an envelope from his breast pocket.

Frasier took the envelope from Niles and opened it immediately. "Oh, Niles! How did you get tickets to this opera? I thought they were sold out!"

Niles grinned. "Who do you think got the last two? You're welcome to bring a date, or, if you don't have anyone else, I thought perhaps it could be an evening of brotherly bonding."

"There's no one I'd rather go with, Niles." Frasier said, gratefully shaking his brother's hand.

"I guess it's my turn now. Just let me go to me room to get your present." Daphne jumped up and rushed off to retrieve her gift. She returned a moment later, carrying a wrapped package. "Here you go, Dr. Crane. I hope you like it!"

Frasier smiled at her. "I'm sure I will." He opened it to reveal a book on the history of Italian opera. "I don't have this. Thank you, Daphne." He stood and hugged her quickly. Daphne held him close for a moment, then kissed his cheek. Even if he had been unaware he'd revealed his brother's secret, she was glad it was out now.

"Yes, Daphne, that was very thoughtful," Niles said as Daphne returned to her seat. She blushed at the compliment.

"Well, Dad, I guess it's your turn now," Frasier said, grinning at his father.

"I know. I just hope you weren't expecting opera tickets from me. That's
not
my area of expertise!"

"I know that. Don't worry, it's the thought that counts."

"Well, then, here you go!" Martin proudly handed his son a wrapped package. Frasier opened it to find a designer tie.

"Dad, where did you find this? I know they don't sell anything like this at the discounted places you shop in!"

Martin shrugged. "I had Daph take me to one of your fancy clothing stores last week. I may not know about opera or any of that other stuff, but I can at least pick out a decent tie!"

"Thanks, Dad. I mean it." For once, Frasier stood to embrace his father. Their relationship had had its ups and downs over the years they'd been living together, but deep down, Frasier loved and admired Martin a great deal.

Daphne watched the display, feeling a strange lump in her throat. She'd been a member of this family for six years now, and she knew better than anyone how much bickering went on in this house. But, at a moment like this, it was clear there couldn't be a closer family anywhere. Her own brothers in Manchester never hugged or complimented one another, even on their best days.

Somehow, deep in her heart, Daphne knew she had good reason to be reluctant to marry and leave the Cranes. Donny had told her he understood how much she cared for them all. But she sensed that, once the wedding was over, he might not enjoy sharing her with people who weren't technically her family. Before she could think of what she was doing, Daphne found herself standing up. "Dr. Crane, I'm sorry to rush out on your birthday party, but I need to go and see Donny right away."

"Of course, Daphne. I hope everything's all right," Frasier replied, sensing that she was upset.

"Yes. I just think I need to talk to him about our relationship. I don't think I'll be staying there tonight."

"All right. Well, just...drive carefully, then," Frasier said, not sure what to make of this.

Daphne left, not bothering to say goodbye to the others. She just couldn't talk herself out of this.

The three Crane men looked at each other, not knowing what to say.

"Well, I guess I'll go to bed." Martin shrugged. "Night, Frase."

"Goodnight, Dad. Thanks again for the tie." Martin grunted in response as he and Eddie made their way towards his room.

"I think I'm going to do a bit of reading before I turn in. Thanks for the opera tickets." Frasier hoped Niles would get the hint that it was time to go home.

"Actually, Frasier, if it's all right with you, I think I'd like to stay here for a while."

"Why, Niles? Is your apartment really that lonely?" Frasier couldn't help rolling his eyes.

"As a matter of fact, it can be quite lonely at times. But I'm staying here for Daphne's benefit. I think when she comes back from Donny's, she may need a friend. I just want to make sure that she's all right."

"I know there's no point in talking you out of this, so suit yourself. But, Niles, this crush on Daphne isn't going to lead anywhere. You've been pining for her for the past six years. What makes you think things are suddenly going to change now?"

Niles didn't answer. He merely watched as Frasier headed off to bed. There was no telling how long it would take for Daphne to tell Donny what was on her mind, or what his reaction might be. But, no matter what, Niles would wait. In the end, the wait would be more than worth it. Niles was sure of that.


The End


>