


A/N: Here we go . . . Thanks for reading and your kind words in the meantime!




V: Black




POINT NO POINT, NEW JERSEY


"Good," Anslo replied into his radio. He looked at Liz. "Bring him in."

Liz gaped back at him, heart pounding. She'd heard the conditions of this agreed-upon surrender herself, but still. The rest of Red's mysterious team had to be just behind him . . . right? Or even Ressler, as Anslo had suggested. Maybe he was teaming up with Red—if not physically, then from afar. An unlikely bond forged in an unlikelier box and put to immediate use. Try as she might, Liz just couldn't shake the memory of Ressler's face when he thought Red was still being held by Garrick. She wasn't sure she could remember Ressler
ever
looking afraid.

True to his apparent word, no one was by Red's side except the men who flanked him when he appeared. Unlike the last time they saw each other, he looked to be dressed in his usual attire. She noticed there were snowflakes melting on his hat. The sight of him in the hands of people other than law enforcement, it was suddenly the Post Office all over again. At least back there they had a chance, though—a chance for the cavalry, a chance someone close by could save them. Now there was no one.

Panic set in, and Red must have seen it, because his head subtly went to one side at her:
Don't let see them see you're scared. Don't give them that. Don't worry.


Sorry, Red, thought Liz, an unexpected stab of resentment stealing through her. That's just a bit out of my control right now.

Beside her, Anslo was smiling. "Christmas come early indeed."

Red licked his lips, still focused on Liz. "It's gonna be all right," he told her, but there was a breathlessness to his voice, a distinct fear that laced it she had never heard before.

"Don't
lie
to the girl, Red," said Anslo, his own voice dripping with disdain. "I think she can see quite clearly that none of this is going to end well. Besides, women hate being lied to. Something you've learnt many times over, if memory serves?"

Ignoring him still, Red squinted at Liz. "Are you hurt?" he asked.

"No," she replied.

"She's dandy," Anslo affirmed. "Stand up, love. Go ahead; show him."

Liz all but rolled her eyes at Anslo as she rose. And then from stress or lack of food, or perhaps just moving too fast, everything went black momentarily—she swayed on her feet, but seeing Red's eyes widen in concern promptly brought her back.

"There," said Anslo, "that's good."

Finally, Red addressed him. "You've got what you want now, Anslo. Let her go."

"Come now, Red," he replied, walking behind Liz and standing over her with a mildly amused expression on his face. "This is what I have wanted since our little reunion. It's why you tried, ever so casually, to get me to leave her behind. Oh, I've dreamt of having you all to myself, of course, but now to have an audience—someone you would not, I imagine, wish to see you so pathetically humbled, dashing all those illusions she might have ever had of you . . . You see, Red, I'm going to cut you down to a version you never meant for her to see. Something you never wanted anyone to see." Anslo's fingers waggled. "Coat and shirt," he directed.

Liz inhaled through her nose, told herself to keep breathing as the neglected details of Anslo's mandate were addressed first: the removal of Red's snow-kissed hat, the leather gloves just like those worn by his doppelgänger in the park.

"Before you have a chance to do anything, first thing's first," Anslo was saying as a new man Liz hadn't seen till now approached. "Doctor? Please."

The supposed doctor stood by while Red was swiftly divested of his coat and the numerous layers hidden beneath it: suit jacket, vest, shirt, tie. Just as the rather inane notion that he was going to be cold crossed her mind, Liz felt the muzzle of Anslo's gun bury into her shoulder.

"Easy does it now," said Anslo, watching Red for any sudden movements. Red made none, however, keeping his own eyes on Liz as he was reduced to his undershirt and his bare arms were pulled behind him once more. The unpleasant pressure on her shoulder took Liz back to that dreadful day with Stanley Kornish, and she twitched in discomfort. Sadly, she realized, looking back at Red, she was actually better off in that situation. They both had been.

"OK, OK." Anslo moved away from Liz's chair as Red stood now in his white cotton T-shirt. A blank canvas, Liz thought, to her instant horror and guilt. Oblivious, Red held her gaze.

"We only scratched the surface before—quite literally," Anslo sniffed. "Lucky for you then, and lucky for me now, you escaped the worst of it. At least I hope so, anyway?" He gave Red a sidelong look. "Nothing I should know now, is there? Because the last thing I'd want is for you to check out early on us. You would do that, just to spite me," he said, and Liz's mind took off running with a new host of things to worry about while Red shook his head disinterestedly.

"It doesn't take much to spite you, Anslo."

"Perhaps not, but that's no matter now. As you've probably noticed, I had to find a new doctor. Curious, innit? Not one week later, and my previous one is nowhere to be found. Rumours about him ending up at the bottom of an elevator shaft, but you know how that goes. Pure chatter, for the time being."

Liz looked to Red for a response, but his eyes were boring into Anslo.

"Now, we can't have you pulling any of your stunts so long as you're here. And as you well know, Red, there's always a delicate balance to these things: I need you to be compliant, but I also want you to be completely aware of what is coming to you. To experience that . . . antici
pa
tion as the most necessary component of torture. This should help with that."

"Anslo," Liz interjected, just as the doctor took Red's arm and administered something with a syringe. Scanning him for any immediate reaction, she discovered something far worse: even in this dim light, Red looked drained as it was, and Anslo hadn't touched him yet. She felt like she was going to be sick.

Anslo must have been watching, because his next words were directed at her. "It's becoming clear now, ain't it? What trusting Raymond Reddington gets you?"

Liz's eyes instinctively went to Red, but she quickly looked away.

"Don't worry, love. You won't hurt his feelings. He don't have none. The American outlaw . . ." he mused, "and the FBI agent who wishes to save him. A strange pair, to be sure. I'd have thought this is, like, Law Enforcement 101, but apparently not—you never grow attached to those it's your job to line up against the wall, Lizzy."

Well aware that Anslo was aiming to leverage her presence here, Liz shook her head. "I don't care about him," she said quietly.

"Yeah? Somehow I doubt that, given your behavior at the park."

Red frowned at him in confusion, then turned to Liz.

"Oh, I knew you'd come running, Red, but I wasn't so sure about her," said Anslo, as a familiar set of restraints were locked into place around Red's wrists. "Snuffing you out right in front of her, I knew she'd run one way or another. You should be flattered, old boy, she came to you."

Red took a deep breath, drawing himself up in the face of this information. If it hadn't been abundantly clear before, it sure as hell was now: she was
really
here because of him.

Satisfied his men had Red secured, Anslo addressed Liz again. "Your field skills are clearly lacking," he observed, "dashing out in the middle of the night without telling anyone where you were going, no backup whatsoever? Truth be told, I expected more, Lizzy."

"Don't call her that," said Red, literally wincing at the sound of Anslo uttering her name.

Anslo smiled, pleased. "I call the shots, here, Red." He motioned towards another folding chair, and it was brought to a spot some ten feet from Liz's. Once Red was seated and she found herself level with him, Liz could see his eyes cataloguing their surroundings in small, furtive glances. Crossing in front of a hand-painted sign that read
DO NOT GO BETWEEN TWISTERS
, Anslo lifted his hands to the expanse around them.

"These empty shells really are a sad reminder of the great empire you once enjoyed," he said. Liz looked between the two of them, confused, until she realized he was talking about America. "It's quite the full circle, no: One generation works in a factory, so the next one doesn't have to.
That
generation sends the jobs away altogether, and before you know it the spawn that follow have nothing better to do than document the spooky ruins as, uh, what's the term? 'Urban explorers.'" His eyes traveled the length of floor that once bustled and hummed. "Oh, well. At least they still serve some kind of purpose, eh?"

"Not to worry," Red intoned dryly, "I'm sure this space will be converted into exorbitantly priced condominiums soon enough."

"Mmm. Well, they'll have quite the mess to contend with in between time, now, won't they?" Anslo's slow walk brought him closer to the table of hidden instruments, and Liz shifted in her seat, testing the zip ties on her wrists but feeling no give there. Anslo stopped behind Red, inspecting the cuffs for himself. Straightening, he inexplicably ran his fingers along the collar of Red's T-shirt. Liz caught the suppressed look of protest this contact elicited, but Anslo soon found what he was seeking: gently, he peeled the bandage away to reveal the fresh sutures where Red's microchip had been. Apparently noticing something else, he stopped, pulling back for a wider glimpse at whatever discovery he had made. His eyes went over Red's head to Liz.

"It's been a long and strange road that's led us here, Red," Anslo remarked.

"Oh, God . . . It surely has, Anslo."

"And now there's a new fork," he said, indicating Liz. "I never pictured it like this, I must say. But we have arrived."

"Let her go, Anslo," Red insisted, a little thickly now.

"The options are quite endless, and I can safely say I've considered them all. Perhaps I will blind you first, so you can hear everything as it's coming. A little taste of that darkness I was made to endure in the hours that remain for you."

Liz was finding it increasingly hard to breathe and decided to pick up where Red's sweep had left off, committing to memory those reaches of the room that lay out of sight behind him.

"For someone so enamored with the sound of his own voice, it would be fitting to silence you," Anslo continued, "but then I'd be robbing myself of hearing all the sounds you're going to make. And that, I can't abide. I wasn't lying when I said the day would end with your screams, Red." He shrugged. "Just a different day, is all."

Anslo again approached the table, this time retrieving something from its surface. "Might as well start off simple," he said, and made a show of sliding brass knuckles over his fingers. Liz went numb with dread, unwilling to witness to any of what she was about to be made to. She looked at Red. The effects of the tranquilizing agent were clearly taking hold as he blinked up, dazedly, in Anslo's direction.

"No," murmured Liz. "Anslo, no . . ."

"It's been a long time coming, and I want to enjoy this," Anslo went on, "but I also know not to be too confident, as you always come with surprises, and we may not have the time that I think we do. So. Let's not waste any more of it, then."

Through the fog of his dulled senses, Red watched Anslo's hand draw back and up. He was still shrinking away when the new knuckles of his old associate connected—and the singing shock that filled his ears merged with the sound of what could only be Lizzy, screaming.



END 5/?



There's a king on a throne with his eyes torn out
There's a blind man looking for a shadow of doubt
There's a rich man sleeping on a golden bed
There's a skeleton choking on a crust of bread

. . .

>