

A/N: AHH IT IS HERE I AM SO EXCITED I FINISHED THIS CHAPTER DAYS AGO AND I HAVE BEEN WAITING ON PINS AND NEEDLES TO POST IT BUT I HAD TO WAIT CUZ I DON'T HAVE AS MUCH TIME TO WRITE THIS WEEK SO I NEED THE EXTRA TIME SO I CAN POST EVERY TUESDAY BUT NOW TUESDAY IS HERE AND I WILL FIGHT YOU ON THIS I AM MORE EXCITED THAN YOU ARE.

Disclaimer: I don't own Supernatural or Doctor Who or any of the related rights.

...

A/N: Okay, it has come to my attention that not everyone knows this is a sequel, so here, let me catch you up:


The Road So Far


Episode One: Stranger

The Doctor and Martha meet a very sick eight-year-old Dean Winchester when he's trying to buy himself some medicine. But when a ghost shows up at the grocery store, Dean takes the lead and the Doctor has to face the facts that the supernatural might very well be real.

Episode Two: Introduction

When kids are going missing, the Doctor and Rose step up to investigate. When their investigation collides with Dean's, the Doctor meets the Winchesters for the first time, and the only thing that makes him trust Dean is Rose's assertion that she's already met him.

Episode Three: Ape

As a treat after their hunt, the Doctor takes the Winchesters on a field trip. Unfortunately, that field trip leads them right into some Silurians, and Dean manages to get himself captured almost as soon as they land.

Episode Four: Angels

When the Doctor finds Dean hunting weeping angels, he's determined to keep his friend safe. But when Donna is sent back in time and the sun goes down, the two of them have to figure out a plan before they lose the light.

Episode Five: Mary

Donna is stuck in the 1970s, and she doesn't like it. When the Doctor and Dean go after her, though, they find more than they bargained for in Lawrence, Kansas, back before Mary died. The Doctor (and others) must keep Dean from trying to change his past.

Episode Six: Trust

Jack, Rose, and the Doctor just wanted a nice day out, but when they investigate some cried for help, Jack and Rose find themselves tied up and waiting to be sacrificed. When Dean and Sam track them down, they must first convince Rose and Jack that they're here to help.

Episode Seven: Alone

Sam's gone, Dad's a mess, so when Dean gets a call from his old friend Jack, of course he's willing to help. He just wasn't expecting to be vortex-ed ten years into the future into the headquarters of Torchwood!

Episode Eight: Water

Martha and the Doctor just want a nice relaxing day at the beach. The Winchester brothers have the same idea. But when first Martha and then Dean go missing, it's up to the Doctor and Sam to rescue them before it's too late.

Episode Nine: Pilot

The Doctor is in a bad place, and River has asked the TARDIS to take them somewhere to cheer him up. So the TARDIS takes them to Dean in New Orleans working a case on his own: a voodoo case that has already claimed another hunter's life.

...


Now


"Where to this time?" he asked, grinning. He closed the doors behind him with a swish and a kick of his foot.

Rose was still breathing heavily, but still grinning. "What?" she said through heavy breaths, "a couple Sontarans not enough for you?"

He laughed breezily. "I thought you handled them nicely. Never seen anyone give a Sontaran general a talking to like that!" He grinned at the memory, still laughing. He wasn't sure who was more surprised: Rose or the general.

She leaned back against the TARDIS console, still trying to get her breath. "Why don't we go somewhere quiet and safe?"

He looked at her. She looked back. They both burst out laughing.

"No, really. Where would you like to go?" he asked.

She bit her lip, pretending to think it over. He could see the shine in her eyes, the twinkle. What he'd give to keep her laughing. Then, finally, she said, "Let's go home, then. See some old faces?"

He blinked and tried not to ask her why she'd want to go home when there was
so much else
she could see, but he remembered Susan and decided not to press her. Family. It was important.

"Boring, plain old Earth it is," he said with a grin and a flourish. He pulled at the TARDIS controls, then grabbed tight as his old girl shook around.

"Bit shakier than usual," she noted.

He made a face at her.

He took her by the hand and led her out the door, and then she laughed out loud.

He stuck his head out the door, took in his surroundings, bit his lip, and muttered a quick, "Oops."

"This isn't home," she said.

He shrugged. "It's Earth. That's close, right?"

She just laughed at him.

He closed the door behind him, took his arm through hers, and then gestured expansively. "Well," he said with a grin, "shall we see the sights, then?"

She just laughed and then reached for his hand to lace her fingers through his.

He couldn't help beaming as they strolled through the streets. And why shouldn't he? He had his Rose, he had his TARDIS, and things were finally looking up for him. He hadn't had a reason to smile for a very long time, not before he met her, and he was going to enjoy every second of it, for everything he was worth.

It didn't take them long to get through the town. It was practically just a fishing village. From the air, he could tell they were probably in the United States. Around Washington. Close to Canada.

"It's a bit brisk," Rose said.

"We could always nip inside for a cider," he suggested.

She grinned at him.

He pushed his way through the door, and a small bell chimed. "Hello!" he said loudly to the emptiness.

He heard the pattering of small footsteps, and then a little brown hair sticking up. He heard a grunt as the boy climbed up to see better, and then the boy eyed them both. "Sightseeing?" he asked at last.

Rose was trying to hide her smile from the little boy; he could tell. He looked so self-important; it was almost adorable. But the Doctor could see he'd been left behind to mind things, so he just smiled. "We got here just a bit ago. Just wandering around town a bit. We like to do that. Wandering, I mean." He flashed his brightest smile. "Bit nippy, though. You got anything warm? Apple cider?"

"Or hot chocolate?" Rose asked suddenly.

The little boy nodded. "I know where to get that for you."

He started to climb down from his stool when Rose asked, "Sorry, but where are your parents?"

At that question, a dark cloud seemed to pass over the boy's face. "Don't know. They haven't been back all day." His lower lip trembled, but he didn't say anything.

Rose looked immediately concerned, but the Doctor knew just what to do. He leaned into the counter and grinned carelessly. "Well, they must think you're a very big boy to run this place all by yourself. You must be very important!"

The little boy grinned gratefully. "Thanks." He sniffled but still persisted in pretending he wasn't really upset. Then, almost as an afterthought: "I've got it better than lots of my friends. Some of them haven't seen their parents in a couple days, or else they do come back but they come back . . . different."

"Different how?" the Doctor asked, intrigued.

The little boy shook his head. "It's hard to describe," he said. "They just stop being . . . parents."

"Like leaving a little boy in charge of a shop?" Rose whispered.

The Doctor nodded furtively, then turned to the boy. "What's your name?"

"Will."

"Well, Will," he said, "me and my friend Rose are pretty good at finding lost people. We'd like to help out, if that's okay with you."

Will's entire face lit up. "Can you find the grown-ups, then?" he asked.

"We'll try not to bring back any boring ones," the Doctor joked. "But first, would you like some help getting the hot chocolate ready? We'd like to warm up before we go outside."

Will nodded, smiling, glad to have something to do to distract himself. The Doctor watched him run off with a frown, wondering how long that little boy had been alone waiting for someone to come back home.

The door burst open to more bells chiming, but this time, a high voice shouted, "Will! Have your parents come back yet? It's happening again!"

The Doctor and Rose both turned to see a little girl, maybe a year younger than Will, with blonde braids and mud on her bright yellow rainboots. She looked both of them up and down and asked, "What are you two doing here?"

Will came running out from the back of the store with two empty mugs that he hurriedly set on the table. He unlatched the door between the space behind the counter and the side of the restaurant and rushed to his friend. "Abbie! What are you doing here?"

Abbie put her hands on her hips and pointed at the Doctor and Rose. "How come you have grown-ups at your house?"

"They're not grown-ups from around here. They just got here, so they're not weirdified yet," Will explained.

Abbie looked them over again, and the Doctor tried not to laugh at the stark seriousness of her expression. "I don't like them."

Well, they couldn't have that. The Doctor knelt down close to Abbie and extended his hand. "Hello," he said brightly. "I'm the Doctor. This is my friend Rose," he added, sweeping his arm out towards his friend. "We're here to help."

Abbie still didn't look convinced, but she scrunched up her face like she was thinking about something else. "Are you working with the tall grown-ups in the black car?"

"What?"

Abbie frowned and turned to Will. She thought she was whispering, but girls her age had not yet mastered the art of speaking quietly enough to avoid being heard. "Why are all these grown ups getting here all of a sudden?"

Will put a finger to his lips. "They said they could help!"

"Do you think they're coming for the big meeting too?"

"What big meeting?" the Doctor asked.

Abbie put her hands on her hips again, but this time Will stepped in. "All the grown-ups get together sometimes in the old saloon," he said. "It used to be a big place when there were still cowboys, but now it's all broken down, so I don't know why they go there." He made a face. "And anyway, none of us kids are old enough to go there."

Rose shook her head and knelt down beside the Doctor. "We'll try to figure out what's going on, okay?"

But the Doctor was interested in something else. "Abbie," he said, "where did you say the grown-ups were with the black car?" He was thinking maybe the government, but if he was lucky, maybe the American branch of UNIT.

Abbie pointed outside and giggled. "One of 'em is really nice, Will. He's definitely not weirdified yet." And then her expression darkened. "I hope they don't get him."

Rose followed the Doctor out the door, still wearing her concerned expression. She grabbed him by the arm. "Do you think those kids are safe?" she asked.

"They seem to be holding up well, all things considered," the Doctor said, then stopped and slapped a hand to his forehead. "Right! Wait right there." He rushed back inside.

"I thought you were going to find the other grown-ups," Will said.

The Doctor grinned. "We're going there in just a tic," he said. Then, he turned to Abbie. "Can you tell me where the old saloon is? If all the grown-ups are there, I think that's a good place to start looking to find out what's happening, don't you?"

She looked at him suspiciously. "If you're a grown-up and you go there, you go all weird. So why do you want to know?"

He put a hand over both his hearts. "I won't go weird. Promise," he said.

Abbie still looked doubtful, but Will produced a piece of paper from a drawer in the store. "Over here, Mister," he said, waving the Doctor over. He drew a crude map and handed it back to the Doctor. "It's on the edge of the town, so you should find it okay if you just look for the building that looks like it's gonna fall over."

The Doctor folded the map and tucked it into his pocket. "Thanks," he grinned.

Will nodded. "You promise you can get the grown-ups back to normal?"

The Doctor nodded.

"Promise you won't go weird?"

He nodded again.

"Okay." And even Abbie relaxed when she saw that Will was smiling.

The Doctor rushed back out the doors, expecting to see Rose standing there and waiting for him.

She wasn't there. But there
was
a black car.

"Rose!" he shouted.

There was an answering shout, but instead of Rose, it was a young man's voice. And whoever belonged to it knew who he was, too, because he shouted back: "Doc?"

>