


(A/N): Here we go again! Sorry about the lack of updates. I'm writing way too many things and still somehow refusing to not take on more? I am a weirdo. This time around, it's because of the collaboration I was part of ("In the End You Always Kneel") putting up its sequel ("When Blood Calls For Blood"). The guy running the collab had to drop out for personal reasons, and with 20 writers left hanging, my friend Canucklehead Cowgirl and I stepped up to the plate to try to juggle the story that was left behind. So that's where I've been. I'd highly recommend reading both the first and second collabs, both of which can be found on The Freelancer Collaboration's profile or in links on my own profile.



ANYWHOO...




Chapter 2



The TARDIS had apparently landed them in some kind of military compound, Martha saw as she and Sam walked through the place looking for the Doctor and Dean. The setup was easy to recognize for how structured it was, and in a few places, they were able to find materials and other markings that proclaimed the group as "UNIT."

"You ever heard of these guys?" Sam asked with one eyebrow raised.

Martha shrugged lightly. She was sure she had—the name sounded familiar—but she wasn't sure if she had heard of it in her regular life or if the Doctor had mentioned it off-handedly; those things were starting to blur together. And it was honestly a little concerning—the fact that her life had dissolved into this blur where it was hard to separate what had been and what hadn't been before the Doctor. She wasn't sure if it was the time travel or the nonstop adrenaline, but she was starting to get tired.

No, more than starting. She
was
tired. This had been fun when it started, but now, it was a lot of desperation and wishing things were the way she'd imagined them to be.

That voice in the back of her mind telling her to leave was getting a little louder, and one of these days, she had the feeling that she would actually listen to it.

But in the meantime, she had to help Sam find Dean, since the younger Winchester was clearly determined to do that on his own, and for as tired as she was, she was also still a doctor, and he was her patient, and he was going to wear himself ragged and undo her good work patching him up if she didn't keep a close eye on him.

She was tired.

The two of them made their way through the UNIT compound together until someone in uniform stopped them—a captain, if Martha was reading the insignia correctly. "How did you two get here?" the captain demanded as both Martha and Sam came to a stop, raising their hands in a gesture of peaceful surrender—for the time being.

"It's a long story," Sam said with half a smirk Martha's direction, though the captain didn't seem to appreciate the explanation.

"This is a secure area," the captain said, narrowing his eyes at the pair of them.

"We're a little bit lost," Martha explained, her tone a little softer than the one Sam had been using. "We're looking for two of our friends—"

But before Martha could give their friends' names, an ear-splitting sort of shriek filled the air, loud enough that it had all three of them covering their ears, wincing against the noise as the captain immediately pulled out his side arm, whipping his head around as he tried to find the source of the noise that seemed to echo everywhere.

"What is
that
?" Martha asked, not sure if she was scared or just tired—since of course there was
another
monster waiting for them when they were just supposed to be picking up Dean and then be on their way.
There's always something
, she thought to herself.

The creature in front of them looked like something out of
Jurassic Park
, except for the fact that it didn't seem to be entirely
there
. Looking at it head-on like she was, she could clearly see the long beak that ended in a point as well as the wide, leathery wings, but out of the corner of her eyes, she could have completely dismissed the thing, even with all the noise it was making.

The creature opened its beak, revealing rows of serrated, albeit small, teeth. It croaked out a strange, almost guttural noise in their direction before the powerful jaw snapped shut and it took off, leather wings flapping to propel it closer to the three of them.

The captain immediately positioned himself in front of Martha and Sam, though as he tracked the creature's flight with the pistol in hand, Martha wasn't surprised in the least to see that Sam had pulled out a gun of his own from the small of his back, tracking for a moment longer before…


Bang.


The creature let out an even more unearthly sound than before as it plummeted almost immediately, the shriek echoing in their ears and over the street they were standing in as the captain spun on his heel toward Sam with a little more trepidation as he looked Sam over. "Nice shot," he said.

"I hunt," Sam said with a shrug and half a smirk that had so much trouble behind it that Martha actually snorted at the inside joke.

The captain nodded at that and then turned back to the creature, which now had a gaping hole in its chest. It moaned pitifully for a moment before it stopped moving, though after that, Martha could swear that she heard other shrieking noises further off.


Oh great. There's more of them,
she thought, though she was cautiously approaching the creature all the same. It wasn't moving, but she still heard the captain call out for her to be careful all the same.

"You didn't have to kill it, Sam," she said, thinking off all the creatures that she had met with the Doctor, of how many of them
looked
terrifying, though the most terrifying ones had been people-shaped.

Sam frowned Martha's way, something unreadable just behind his gaze before he put the gun back behind his back. "Maybe," he finally allowed. "But that
is
the job."

Martha turned back to look at Sam more fully, but when she couldn't see anything but the frown tugging at his expression, she turned back to the dead creature, tentatively running a hand over the skin that felt both incredibly rough and silky smooth in spots. "I wonder what it was."

Another one of those unearthly shrieks split the air around them, and the captain with the two of them cleared his throat. "If it's all the same to you, ma'am, I'd prefer not to find out until we're somewhere a little more defensible."

Martha frowned, but she got to her feet nonetheless, wiping her hands off on her pants as she did so. "Alright."

"I never did get your names," the captain said conversationally as he directed the two of them through the military compound toward what had to be better shelter. "I'm Captain Yates."

"Martha Jones," she said.

"Sam Andrews," Sam broke in before she could introduce him, and she just barely reigned in her desire to raise an eyebrow his way at the fake name. If he wanted to lie about his identity, that was his own business, but she couldn't shake the feeling that it was specifically because of the UNIT uniforms…

Captain Yates nodded his greetings at both of them, though he kept right on leading the way through the compound until they came to a building that housed a few of the cars and trucks UNIT used. They rushed inside to get shelter, though Martha stopped short when she saw the huge black thing—the ship that Dean had disappeared in.

Yate was looking out the window to check for any more of those dinosaur things, but when he turned toward Martha and Sam and saw what Martha was looking at, he paused. "Do you know what that thing is, miss?" he asked.

Martha frowned as she turned his way, but it was Sam who spoke up. "That's why we're here," he said. "My brother got trapped inside that thing."

The captain tipped his head toward the large black ship. "Well, he's not in there anymore. We fished that thing off the shore and pulled a half-drowned guy out of it."

"Sounds like Dean," Sam muttered under his breath so quietly that Martha almost didn't catch it. "Is he alright?" he asked the captain aloud.

"Seemed alright to me when we got him out of there," Yates said with a nod, though he was distracted looking out the window. "Tell you what—once we get out of here, I'll take you to meet up with your brother, eh?"

"Right." Sam nodded.

Yates grinned at both of them as he looked out the window once more. "Alright, then. Fancy going back out there and running for it? Main complex is still a good jog away."

"I can keep up," Martha said, sure that the question was aimed more at her than at Sam as she stuck her chin out for good measure.

"Well good," Yates said, though she noticed that he hung back her way as he headed for the door. "Don't worry about a thing, miss," he said in an undertone.

"I'm not worried," Martha said again, this time with a little more heat to it. "Just you try and keep up with me."

>