


When Ice Thaws



Chapter One



Elsa's P.O.V


My feet are about to wear a track into the cold, marble floor, as I worriedly pace. It is quiet in my private study, the only noises the quick shuffle of my feet and the tick of the clock. Usually, my
private
study is bustling with people, from advisors to dignitaries to my sister and her husband. Now, this late in the night, everyone else is in bed, because apparently, they have reason. My eyes burn an icy hole into a neatly folded letter on my desk. I haven't brought myself to even touch it yet; for some reason unbeknown to me, I'm unsettled by it. I just get the feeling that the contents of that letter are going to change my life.

It's been two years since the Winter-in-Summer and the war with the Southern Isles becoming very tiresome. It has been, and appears to always be, a stalemate. Even with my magic and the support of Corona, it's been very difficult for my relatively small kingdom, Arendelle, to keep the vast armies of the Southern Isles at bay.

I didn't start the war. I didn't want it to begin with. But apparently, sending the youngest of thirteen princes back home in a cell didn't sit well with the King of the Southern Isles, even after all the trouble Hans had caused. King Henry wasn't pleased, promptly releasing the dogs of war. And so, we've fought ever since. Too many of my people have been killed, but using my magic, I've managed to keep most of our enemies back.

About Corona, Princess Rapunzel and Prince Eugene had visited Arendelle for my coronation, and after the whole debacle was over, stayed for a while. Anna and Rapunzel were fast friends. It took a little longer for me to feel comfortable enough to actually make
friends,
eventually, Rapunzel and I became friends, also. Eugene and Kristoff have a very strange relationship, even I can see that. Basically, Eugene loves to tease Kristoff about being uncouth, saying things like "how can you expect to remain married to a princess if you can't even string a sentence together," Kristoff threatening to break his legs whenever he did so. But everyone knows they are actually very fond of each other. Our alliances with Corona's royals guaranteed their help.

I'm so, so tired of war. Of the strategy meetings, of not being able to eat without some unfortunate soul trying some first, of being hurried through the streets in case of assassins. War is unsettling, terrifying, and tragic; it leaves everyone involved miserable.

Even the arrival of a new family member isn't enough to console me, every death of my people heavy on my mind. Anna and Kristoff's son, though, is the most perfect being in existence. All bright smiles and cheeky laughs. With big brown eyes, exactly like his father's, and messy red hair, Niko is the most adorable baby in the world. At eight months old, his favourite thing to do is surprise you by suddenly grabbing your trouser leg or skirt from his seated position on the floor and pull himself to his feet, giggling the whole way. In typical parent style, Kristoff is sure that Niko is the male version of Anna, while Anna is adamant that he is the exact replica of his father. Personally, I think Niko is in equal measures a mixture of each.

Niko is the most joy I've experienced in a long time and I love him, but he is not my son. Imagine that, your little sister getting married and having children before you. It's an outrage! But nobody wants to marry the Snow Queen.

At least, that's what I always thought, before a missive from the Southern Isles arrived in secret, late one night.

The thick, creamy off-white parchment is obviously expensive, but it does not carry the King's seal. I should know; I've read many a furious letter from the King, demanding that I relinquish my throne to him. Not likely. But, the writer of the letter must be wealthy.

Should I open it? I don't want to open it. Maybe the enemy has somehow kidnapped my sister or brother-in-law, or worse still, Niko, and is demanding my cooperation. Sigh, in any case, it would be best to open it. Gloveless hands shake as I pick it up, slightly frosting the paper. Strange, I haven't lost this much control since I learnt how to control my powers.

Taking a deep breath, I pull away the seal.
Dear Queen Elsa,
the letter reads in a fair, but masculine hand.
I hope this letter reaches you in good health. I am Prince Oliver, eleventh son of King Henry of the Southern Isles.
At reading this, my hands are itching to throw the letter into the fire without reading another word. I've always been very good at controlling my curiosity. However, the content of the letter may affect Arendelle, in which case it is my duty to read it all. Sucking in another deep breath of the increasingly frosty air, I lay down the parchment on my polished mahogany desk.


Dear Queen Elsa,



I hope this letter reaches you in good health. I am Prince Oliver, eleventh son of King Henry of the Southern Isles.



Before you throw this into the fire, please allow me to explain my purpose. My father is at his deathbed, increasing in madness as each day passes. Of my brothers, a few are glad to see him go, especially the eldest, who is chomping at the bit to take the throne. However, he is not the only one. I fear civil war is just around the corner, brother taking arms against brother. This terrifies me.



I understand if you do not wish to aid the brother of the one who plotted against you. And I do not attempt to persuade you to help me take the throne of the Southern Isles. Believe me, I do not even want it. My eldest brother will rightfully take the throne; he having been groomed for kingship and holding the support of most of the people.



No, I do not propose a coup. I propose a truce between our nations. My people need stability, at least for a short while, before the death of the king and the war between brothers. I want to put an end to the war between the Southern Isles and Arendelle, so that my country can sort out internal disputes without further danger to the common people.



I am asking, nay begging, for an outlandish thing, I am aware. I am also trusting you with information that only the closest to the royals in the Southern Isles knows. You could easily exploit these weaknesses to ensure your victory. I am hoping that the rumours of you are true; that you are a kind and merciful queen. Please, show mercy to me and my people.



This letter was written and sent without the consent of my father, for in his madness, he does not like to hear a word about truce. All, if any, further correspondence must be conducted in secret. The only kind of arrangement that is able to put an end to this much distrust and anger is marriage, of that, I am sure you are aware.



I hope you do not perceive this as an envious prince attempting to higher his position in the world; truly, I only ask this in defence of my people, but…



Will you marry me?



I make no attempt to try take your throne from you. You may name me as Consort, if you like, with no real power in your kingdom. In this situation, I am at the disadvantage, begging you for help.



Do not feel any obligation to say yes, if you do not wish to. But please, consider my proposal.



Eagerly awaiting your reply and completely at your mercy,



Prince Oliver of the Southern Isles, eleventh son of King Henry of the Southern Isles.


… what? Here I was, complaining about never getting married, then suddenly, I'm proposed to by letter that was delivered by an owl in the night.

I don't know what to make of this. Never, when I first lifted the letter, did I expect this. A prince of an enemy nation, eloquently begging me to call a truce, through marriage.

This is crazy.

And what's even crazier, is that I do find myself considering his proposal.

If he speaks truth, then he is desperate to give his people some time before the death of the king. I may care nothing for the king, for what he put us all through, but the cries of the people of the Southern Isles, I discover I cannot ignore.

Hans, for all his failings, was a handsome man. Except for his nasty sideburns. I think it's safe to assume that Oliver is handsome also. Hoping he doesn't have sideburns. And from his letter, I can see a glimpse of his personality. Proud, but somehow humble. Hans could never, ever write to someone like Oliver did. Hans plays a very convincing nice guy, his affinity for sandwiches very misleading, but this letter can prove very damaging if in the wrong hands. Hans would never put himself in that much of a disadvantage. Oliver did.

That is, assuming that the letter is authentic. It may very well not be.

But, a small light of hope in my cold heart wants it to be true. That I have some way of ending this war that is destroying my people's lives. A queen must always put her people first. And if a way of ending their suffering is to enter into marriage with a stranger, the, so be it. I wouldn't be the first one.

Not all of us can be so lucky as Anna and Rapunzel; finding their true loves at eighteen. For some of us, it is impossible to find. But we must continue. So no man will love me, fine. So I will enter a loveless marriage with a man who is sacrificing himself to me for his people, fine. So I will live a cold, lonely life, fine.

The cold never bothered me, anyway.

...

.

.

.


Author's Note: Okay, so well, I seem to have written a Frozen fanfiction. Wasn't expecting that one. I only watched the movie a few days ago, with some friends. And I really enjoyed it. Anna and Kristoff was the cutest thing.



Honestly, I enjoyed Tangled a bit more. Probably because I love Eugene. Which is why, having seen Rapunzel and Eugene's cameo in Frozen, I just had to include them in the story. Expect to see some more of them. However, I haven't gotten around to writing anything for Tangled yet, but this little Frozen plot bunny just wouldn't let me sleep until I wrote it. And, what's more, I'm actually liking where it's going. I hope you like it, too. If you've read one of my other stories, you'll see I quite like the effect of an arranged marriage on the characters involved. And I just felt so bad for Elsa; nothing really seemed to go her way.



If this gets a good reaction, I'll consider writing another, this one based on my favourite line from the movie, "… like a valiant, pungent, reindeer king!" That one will be more Anna/Kristoff based than this one. While this story will involve a bit of Anna and Kristoff, it will remain mainly Elsa.



Anyway, I hope you like it! Please review/follow/favourite, whatever you'd like. I love to hear feedback; if you think of ways I can improve as a writer, don't hesitate to tell me. One thing that you'll quickly learn about me if you decide to stick with the story is that I love to write long Author's Notes, I just love to chat with readers. But I always put them at the end, so you don't strictly


have


to read them. Please do though, because I occasionally do random stuff like hold competitions.



Thanks for reading down to the bottom, have a great day!



KatyLynne


>