



When Ice Thaws




Chapter Eight- The Courtship



Elsa's P.O.V


Talk about awkward. It was never my intention in the beginning of all this to upset my sister, but after the way Hans used her, she's become slightly less trusting, especially to all those from the Southern Isles. Therefore, having a prince of the Southern Isles at our dinner table wasn't exactly pleasant for her. That left the six of us sitting there in uncomfortable silence. Where Anna would usually be the life of the conversation, she sulked quietly beside her husband, who is trying his best to not look amused by the whole situation.

Eugene, sitting opposite Kristoff, kept shooting distrustful glances toward Olly- er, Oliver. It didn't go unnoticed that when entering the dining room, he made very sure to be in between Oliver and Rapunzel at all times. Rapunzel herself also remained quiet, but for a vastly different reason to Anna. Her eyes were large with fascination as they travelled from me, to Oliver, to me again, as if to somehow work out how such a strange engagement came to be.

Oliver just looked pained, sitting at the end of the table, opposite to me. As the meal progressed, he kept looking to me, as if begging me to put him out of his misery. It is clear he isn't enjoying the amount of negative attention he is gaining. I wanted to diffuse the situation, maybe even start some form of conversation, but I am failing to think of a single thing.

It wasn't until the middle of the third course that my maybe-fiancé had finally had enough.

"Jeez, is this what meals are always like in this castle? Because, I have to say, I'm finding the conversation just spectacular," Oliver's usual smooth baritone is rough with frustrated satire and I'm stunned by his behaviour. I understand the frustration, but no one has ever been so rude at my dinner table before.

"We don't usually have a snake in our midst," Kristoff replies drily with a pointed look at Oliver. He seems to realise his mistake, a slight blush rising on his high cheek bones.

"I'm sorry, Elsa," Oliver says, true apology in his grey eyes. "I meant no disrespect. I guess coming from a large family, such a quiet meal is really strange to me."

Clearing my throat, I respond with my first words for the evening. "It is fine, Olly. I believe that this is a little strange to all of us." It wasn't until I noticed all the shocked stares and Oliver's wide, crooked grin that I realised
my
mistake.

"Olly?" Anna gasps out, struggling to hold onto her bad temper as she tries not to burst into giggles. The others had no such restraints and fill the large room with hearty laughter. This time, it's me that's ducking their head to hide a blush. My goodness, I can't believe I called him Olly. In front of people and everything. Am I a moron? They didn't need to know that I've started to think of him as Olly instead of Oliver. Calling him Olly is so silly and improper and, and… something a fiancée would probably do. Odin save me.

Not Odin, but Olly himself comes to my rescue. "Most people call me Oliver, even family, but I'd have no complaints if a beautiful woman such as Elsa wants to call me Olly," he says with a disarmingly lovely smile and a wink in my direction. "Though I think it's only fair if I return the favour, my darling Elly."

So much for coming to my rescue, the damn charming rogue. Laughter explodes again, this time even Anna gives in. Her joyful titters makes me smile, no matter how embarrassed I am. Though at my expense, Olly has broken the tension, and conversation starts to flow freely. By the end of dessert, Olly, Kristoff and Eugene are in an animated discussion about the merits of reindeer vs. horse transport, with Anna chipping in occasionally with a carefree smile.

Rapunzel turns to me with a bright smile. "I like him," she tells me quietly.

"I do, too," I reply, with a no doubt dreamy smile in his direction. Thankfully, he doesn't notice, as he's too busy chortling at Kristoff's rendition of 'reindeers are better than people.'

"He'll be good for you," Rapunzel tells me. "Oliver has an easy humour and a considerate heart. Eugene and I travelled with him for a few days, and though it was under a pretence, I think that his origins was the only thing he lied about. He's a good man."

I look at her, wide eyed. Her face is kind, and she rests her tiny hand over mine in a comforting gesture. How she knew I needed reassurance is a mystery to me. But seeing him there, getting along so well with my family, charming away their distrust of him, suddenly made everything real to me. He's the man I'm going to spend the rest of my life with. I can justify that decision all I want, claiming that I'm only doing it for peace, to save my people. But the fact of the matter is that I'm going to actually be married to this man. It's no small thing, and I haven't completely thought about the ramifications of this until now.

Can I even see myself falling in love with Olly? At the moment I ask this, he looks at me, grey eyes bright and cheeky. "Tell me, Elly, what's going on in that pretty head of yours? I've barely heard you say a word. Which is unfortunate for me, as I find your voice quite enchanting," his tone is warm, with a mischievousness that I, if I am being honest with myself, find attractive.

"I'm a queen, Olly. I'm always thinking," I reply honestly.

"Sounds exhausting," Olly chuckles. "Trust me, you've got to shut your brain off sometimes. That is, if you don't want to drive yourself around the bend."

"Is that what happened to you?" Eugene quips with his characteristic wit.

"Something like that," Olly's countenance becomes serious, in his eyes a hidden darkness. But then, in a flash of a smile, it's gone, leaving me wondering if I even saw it at all. Coming to his feet, Olly walks around the table and offers me his arm. "Would you be so kind as to show me around the grounds, my sweet Queen Elsa, now that the meal is over?"

Nodding, mostly in shock, I take his arm and stand, allowing him to guide me as we quit the room. There may be more to Prince Oliver than meets the eye, I think. Absolutely, I can see myself falling in love with him.


Oliver's P.O.V


It's been a few months now since I first arrived in Arendelle. Anna, who at first set out to hate me, warmed up to me pretty quickly. She even lets me hold her son, Niko, who is freaking adorable. Pixie always greets me with a kind smile. Though, after knowing her for a while, I can see that she does that with everyone. She's probably the kindest person I've ever met. I'm happy to announce that I know can call Kristoff and Eugene friends, though we treat each other more like brothers. Trust me, I know brothers.

And Elsa… oh, man, Elsa. I keep thinking that I'll get used to her crystalline beauty, but every time she looks at me with a small twinkle in her eyes, I'm struck dumb. She thinks she's cold inside, but I'm starting to know better. The more time I spend with her, the more I see of her gracious and loving heart. I treasure every one of her smiles and tinkling laughs. Helplessly, I'm drawn to her like a moth to a flame. If I'm honest, it's quite possible I'm falling in love with her.

My heart barely dares hope, but I think she's falling in love with me, too. Her face shimmers with warmth when she's with me. And she's with me quite a lot. Queen Elsa still has her duties to attend to, but she spends every moment she has free with me. Like now.

"What are you thinking about?" she asks me with a soft smile, her hand on my shoulder shaking me from my thoughts. Contently stretched out on the grass and wildflowers in the late afternoon sunshine, I look up at Elsa's face as she leans over me. The remains of our picnic has been collected back into the basket; I hadn't even noticed her tidying up.

"You," I reply with a roguish grin.

"Don't be silly." An adorable light blush rises on her cheeks, and she ducks her head, embarrassed. "When did I turn into such a girl?" she mutters, her frustration clear.

Smothering laughter - chuckling would
not
be a good idea – I ask, "Why is thinking about you silly?" She bites her lip, immediately drawing all of my attention there. I'm a guy, after all. But she doesn't reply. Slowly sitting up, I force her backwards, till she's sitting back on her heels and our faces are only centimetres apart. Gently taking her chin, I tilt her head back until she meets my eyes.

"Elly, sweetheart, I spend most of my time thinking about you."

In a voice barely above a whisper, she replies "I think about you a lot, too."

Then, before thinking twice about it, I bring our lips together in a gentle, yet passionate kiss. I keep my eyes open just enough to see hers widen, then slip closed as she leans into me, deepening the kiss. Elsa's cool hands rise to rest on my chest, her right hand resting over my pounding heart. Pure bliss. She starts to push me down, until I'm on my back again. Interesting, I always thought our positions would be opposite. However, Elsa is still Queen, as she has been from of a very young age, so I guess that it's natural for her to take control. In any case, I have no complaints.

I have to try wrestle some control back, though, so I open my lips to lick at hers, asking for entry. She grants it, and before I know it, my hand on her chin moves to tangle into her hair as the other grips her waist. We stay locked in our fervent embrace until we run short on air. Lifting her head, we stare at each other, not with only a little shock.

"Wow," I whisper, breaking the silence. Not my most intelligent moment, but it's worth it when she laughs joyfully.

"Yes, wow," she replies, giving me another swift kiss before stretching out beside me, her head resting were my arm meets my shoulder. We rest together for a few peaceful minutes. But I decide, it's time. Touching my pocket to ensure that the box is still there, I take a deep breath.

"I don't know if this is the right time to ask you this, but will you marry me?" I'm pleased that my voice doesn't crack with the emotion filling my throat. I'm a man, dammit. Elsa laughs again.

"Olly, I'm already marrying you, remember? That's why you're here."

"Yes, I know, but…" my voice trails off. No, no, no, I'm not doing this right. If I want to do this for real, I have to do it
right.
Sitting up again, bringing her up with me, I clamber to my feet. Then, taking her hands in mine, I sink to one knee. Her mouth falls open into a small 'o' of surprise, and her jewel eyes fill with tears.

"Elsa, my dear Elly, I know I haven't known you for very long and I know we only agreed to marry for peace. But now that I'm here, that I met you and gotten to know you, I've come to realise that I want more than a marriage in name only. I may be selfish, but I want all of you. I already belong to you, body and soul. And I love you. So, if you'll have me, will you marry me?"

Slightly impressed with myself that I managed to get all that out without crying, I reach into my pocket and reveal the engagement ring that I did my best to hide from her. Anna and Rapunzel helped me pick out the delicate silver ring, a large blue topaz set in a snowflake. Her eyes grow impossibly larger.

"Yes."

.

.

.



Hey, guys. I'm so, so sorry. I never intended to take such a long hiatus, but you guys know how life is. I wish I could tell you that chapters will start being more frequent, but unfortunately, I'm crazy busy right now. I'm grateful for every single reader, follow and review. I read everything you guys send me, and I treasure your thoughts and ideas so much. I love you all, and this chapter is dedicated to all you lovely, beautiful readers.





God bless,





Katy.



>