

melt

(i got the ideal from a song called melt by miku look it up it a lovely song)
La la la~
Just as i wake up there was one thought in my mind. Yes, it was you. "I try to shake away my blush and got dress
for the day."
I had my haircut so you might ask, why the new style? "I look at myself in the mirror trying to get everything just
right for him though he wont notice it." I put on my favorite dress "the one with the pretty lace on it" and a locket
around my neck "the one my mother gave me she said it help her find her true love, maybe it can help me." I step
outside and said to myself today the day you see how much I love you. "I step outside the hotel with my two
pokemon poochy and eva and the I saw who I was looking for" Melting My heart is melting at the sight of you! "I
smile and walk out to him and try saying I love you but all I said morning Silver which he reply, you're late
Abagail."Still my heart is melting I can't look into your eyes~! "We got to the park and we had a pokemon battle but
i couldn't focused on the battle due to my heart melts everytime i look at you." I promise that deep down inside of my
your the one that my heart belongs too. "That was too easy he said as he return his pokemon to it's ball and I felt a
drop of rain." The forecast was a lie and now were hiding from the rain. "It started to rain heavy and we ran to
the nearest gazebo to get out of the rain." I found my umbrella but sigh quietly, why bother to stay dry anymore..."i
look through my bag and found my umbrella but sight and thought why stay dry today was a failer..." but then I
heard you say mind share that umbrella with me? I couldn't stop from smiling a showing through as I fall more love
with you. "we walk together down the street i can feel my heart racing melting im finding it hard to breath and
thought is it love or my illness but i don't care then i felt you hand on my hand my heart racing as we continued to
walk down the street with this umbrella in the rain and I want to be the one you hold forever." I pray to god asking
him to slow down time so I can have more time with him. "I close my eyes and pray oh Arceus please slow down
time so i can have more time with Silver i felt him tap my shoulder and he point to a rainbow" Melting our time of
parting have come. "we reach the train station and im feeling sad." So will we meet again or will we truly say
goodbye? "a part of me dont want to get on that train but if i dont i may near become a singer." though I'm melting
I know I cant stay with you but I pray you never forget me. "We start saying our goodbyes and he put my bag on
the train." And maybe I'll be back and again and hear you say I love you "I hear the man telling everyone to get on
the train i did and wave goodbye to silver from the window as the train takes me to a new place" "Abagail on stage
and wave to the crowd and seeing someone she care alot in the crowd. the end
(this is my first story I hope you like it)



























>