


Author's Note:
A special thanks to TheMysteriousOtaku, Sakura9544, and TheSpokesman1 for the favorites and the follows. Also, thank you LoveAngel5952 for the review, it means a lot. Now to the story…



Chapter 19



Flare's POV

I was a little upset with myself for not being able to make it to Beau and Miko's battle of the bands. I had told my charge that I was going to be there, along with Ratchet and Optimus. Ratchet had then found an oddity in his scans for Energon and I had been sent to investigate. When I arrived at the coordinates, I didn't find anything odd until I started to walk around. I ducked inside of an old mine shaft and my scanner started to go ballistic. I reached the end of the tunnel and that's where my scanner spiked. I took a step back and shot an Energon blast at the wall. The wall collapsed to reveal a deeper cavern. I stepped inside and found a good-sized deposit that looked to be untouched from either Autobot or Decepticon miners. I started to mine the crystals. I mined until I couldn't find anymore Energon. "Flare to base," I said, "I found the oddity in Ratchet's scans. It was an untapped Energon mine."

"Good job Flare," Ratchet's voice came over the com. "and what do you mean by was?"

"I mined the source," I replied.

"That's fantastic!" Ratchet said. "What do you need from us?"

"Can you to open a ground bridge so that I can start to bring it back?" I asked. "I might need some help carrying the Energon back to base."

"I can, what are your coordinates?"

"They are 22° 18′ 19.67″ S, 68° 54′ 8.05″ W," I answered.

A ground bridge opened and I was met by Ratchet and Optimus. I walked up to them and greeted them. I led them to where the cubes of Energon I had mined were situated.

"Nice find, Flare," Optimus said. "This will supply us for the rest of the year."

"Thank you, sir," I said as I picked up a large cube.

The three of us spent the next ten minutes bringing the Energon back to the base. On the last trip back, I was the last one through the ground bridge. I walked back into base just as Bulkhead transformed. Miko was standing next to him looking worried.

"Where's Beau?" I asked.

"Umm, that's the thing," Bulkhead said rubbing the back of his head. "We don't know."

"WHAT!" I cried. "What do you mean you don't know?"

"He went outside after our show and never came back in," Miko piped up. "He didn't even get to hear that we won!"

"This isn't about you winning or losing, Miko," I chastised. "It's about Beau's safety!"

"He can take care of himself, we all know that," Ratchet spoke up.

"Not if he's taken by surprise he can't," I said turning to look at the medic.

"That may be true, but Beau is very resilient, if he needs help he'll find a way to contact us," Ratchet said.

I turned back to Bulkhead and said, "Take me back to the school, I need to look around."

"Of course," Bulkhead said before he transformed back into his vehicle mode.

I followed suit and followed the Wrecker to the school. I activated my holoform once we left base and asked over the comlink, "Was he acting odd at all before the show?"

"Now that you mention it, he did seem a bit out of it after he retrieved his guitars from me," answered Bulkhead.

"He didn't say anything?" I pressed.

"No, he didn't. He told me that it was only a phone call that he had made."

We pulled up to the school and I fully entered my holoform. It was always an odd experience to open up my optics and see at the level a human would see at. It's also a very odd experience whenever I looked down and saw myself, my vehicle mode. I walked around and looked at the parking lot for any clues. Finally something caught my eye and I went over to it.

I bend down and saw skid marks from a van that looked eerily familiar to the ones after MECH had abducted Ms. Darby and Beau. Nausea crept into me as I thought about the possibilities that this held. I frowned as I noticed a dark stain on the pavement. "Oh Primus," I whispered in shock. It was blood.


Beau's POV


The first sensation that I became aware of was pain. It felt as if my head had been housing a stampede of a thousand horses. I opened my eyes and saw nothing. I felt something heavy encasing my arms and I couldn't feel the ground. I blinked a couple of times, just in case the blindness was from being knocked out. Unfortunately, that wasn't the case. It was still dark inside of the room that I was in. I tried to clench my prosthetic into a hand and was startled to find that nothing happened.
Scrap! Why can't I feel it?
I thought.

I don't know how long I dangled until I became aware that where my prosthetic connected to my body was in a world of pain.
Great, whoever took me also removed my prosthetic! That must've left a blood splatter somewhere!


A screeching sound soon invaded the silence that I had grown accustomed to. I raised my head and saw that a crack of light had appeared in the darkness. Light suddenly flooded the dark room and I hissed in discomfort as my retinas felt like they were being obliterated. "Hello, Brian or should I say Beau?" came a familiar voice.

"Hello Methusael," I responded. "It's been awhile."

"Two years to the day, if I remember correctly," Methusael said. "That was an interesting prosthesis you had."

"I would've thought that you would be back in your native Israel by now," I said deflecting the prosthetic remark.

"Why would I do that without taking revenge on you first?"

"I'm flattered that you've spent two years thinking about me," I said, "really, I am."

I opened my eyes and met the face of a grizzled man. His two different colored eyes me my own. He had a jagged scar stretching from his left temple down to his neck, courtesy of me. His gray hair cut in a military high and tight. "We are going to have so much fun together," he said.

"I bet we are."

All the air I had escaped when he delivered a quick uppercut to my diaphragm. I hadn't been expecting that right off the bat. I coughed and made a very stupid decision. "Is that all ya got?" I taunted. "A new born could hit harder."

Methusael gave me a cold smile and tilted his head slightly. "If only you had accepted my offer back then," he said softly. "It would've saved you much pain, and it would have benefited my organization."

"I was busy at the time."

"Working for Silas?" Methusael laughed. "That idiot wouldn't know what to do with himself if he succeeded in is plans."

"I can agree with you there," I said. "Now, why did you take my prosthetic?"

"Our patron told us to take it from you," was the reply I got, "said you were very dangerous with it."

"Then it's a pity you never got to find out for yourself."

Methusael walked over to the door and flipped on a switch. A generator started up and I knew that this wasn't going to be fun. A groaning sound was heard from the chains that I was hanging from, as I was swiveled one hundred and eighty degrees. My eyes widened slightly in shock as I saw the devices hanging from the wall. Methusael's back was to me and he was caressing something lovingly. He turned around and I saw that he held a cattle prod. Methusael gave me a cold smile and asked, "Where is the Autobot base?"

"What are you talking about?" I asked in bewilderment, trying to play it off that I knew nothing. On the inside, my heart was pounding.

"Lord Megatron said that you'd be a tough one to crack," Methusael said charging up the cattle prod and advancing towards me. "This is going to be fun."

"Depends on your definition of fun, I suppose."

"Now, lets try this again," Methusael said menacingly in front of me. "Where is the Autobot base?"

"I don't know who or what you're talking about," I said.

I cried out in pain as electricity ran through my body. When the prod was withdrawn I almost sighed with relief. "This isn't a normal cattle prod, as I'm sure you just found out," I heard. "This is run off of Energon, therefore you're getting a system shock. Slowly, Energon will invade your body and work on molecularly changing you. As you know, Energon is poisonous to humans."

"Once again," I said, "I have no clue what the hell you're talking about."

"So be it." Methusael said as he jabbed me with the prod once again, but this time he held it there.

I must've disappointed him because I didn't cry out this time. I only winced and cringed, but I somehow managed to maintain eye contact with Methusael the entire time the prod was on me. Methusael pulled the prod away from me and I grunted when the prongs left me. I started to breathe a bit heavier and closed my eyes for a count of ten. When I opened my eyes again, I saw that the Methusael had grabbed a cane made out of bamboo.

"So, how's Cyborg doing?" I asked.

"There are only a few of us left after your stunt two years ago," Methusael spat venomously. Hate glinted in his eyes as he advanced with the cane. "I'm not going to lie, I will take great joy in your pain. I only wish that I could take from you what you have stolen from me."

"I don't know…"

"SHUT UP!" Methusael roared. "YOU STOLE MY SON FROM ME! WHEN YOU EXPLODED THE MINE, YOU KILLED MY SON ALONG WITH THREE QUARTERS OF CYBORG!" With each word, I was struck with the cane. It hurt more than the Energon prod had.

Methusael stood there panting from the rage and exertion. He had revealed a lot to me in that little outburst. I felt some sorrow that I had killed his son, but what kind of father would try to have their son be a stone cold killer? The instant I thought that I was reminded of my own situation with Silas. I coughed and turned my head to the side to spit. I wasn't surprised when I saw blood come with the spit. I took one last knock from the cane and I saw stars.

"Where. Is. The. Autobot. Base?" Methusael seethed.

I blinked a couple of times before replying with, "Twelve degrees by seven minutes and thirteen seconds North, by Nineteen degrees by twelve minutes and fifty seconds East."

"Now, why don't I believe you?"

"Because you're smarter than I'd give you credit for."

I cried out when the cane smashed where my prosthetic had been attached. They must've ripped it out because it was extremely sensitive. I heard a soft patter and I realized that I was bleeding from it.

"Now, now,
Beau
," Methusael hissed. "Give me a real answer."

I was about to answer when a man spoke up, "Sir, a transmission is incoming from Lord Megatron."

"Patch him through," Methusael said as he turned around and walked over to his torture devices. He hit a button and the groaning of chains was once again heard as I was turned to where I had started. A screen was scrolling its way down and when it came fully down, it started like a computer screen. An image appeared on the screen and it was an image that I didn't like.

"Hello, Beau."

"Megatron," I replied back icily.

>