


Okay, here we are with another chapter, Part 1 of the Fangs of Serval saga! We got one final possessed student to deal with, Fang Kushina! After this last student is defeated, we move into the final arc of the story: Darth Oath! So, we near the end of the Chaotic Order arc! Also,
REVIEW
…. because I barely got any last chapter. Which could partially be because I've been gone so long and maybe I deserved it but still! So,
REVIEW
please is you have the time because they help motivate me to write the next chapter! Oh, nearly forgot the review responses!




Alpha Dragonis:
Ten years is a bit much. Two years maximum I'd say especially since the chapters in the Dark Oath arc aren't going to be split into multiple parts because of how lengthy they are…hopefully. Yeah, I thought I'd mix things up by having a possessed student be on the receiving end of things. And Max will never get a break. I'd comment on the last few episodes of Arc-V if I had been watching them; unfortunately I haven't had the time to see them. I'll get there eventually though.


Guest:
I'm still updating alright! It may take multiple months in-between but I'm still updating none-the-less. Hope you enjoy this chapter!



Guess that's it and OH! Nearly forgot! I've started a
Beyblade Metal Fusion Abridged Series
and Episode 1 is now available on my channel! Check it out if you guys feel like! My channel's called "The Groovy Movie Man" in case anyone has forgotten. So if anyone is interested seeing a parody of Beyblade go check it out. Anyways, on to the chapter! It's a little short, being only 4400 words but...eh...it's a chapter so that's still good right? RIGHT!?




Chapter 46: A Wicked Shadow


Fang Kushina emerged from the shadows. She hadn't bothered to wear the silly robes that the other possessed students had worn. That wasn't her style. She watched from a distance as Winter Dorm students had all gathered in the courtyard for a meeting with a few teachers. Her green eyes seemed to glow in the dark as she watched the unsuspecting bladers.

"The fools think they're safe," mused Fang to herself. "They have no idea." She chuckled as she pulled out her launcher and attached Serval.

Just as the students began to disperse they heard someone shout, "Let It Rip!"

From the shadows emerged a bey, which smashed into the Winter Dorm outside arena. This subsequent crash unleashed a ferocious explosion that created a shockwave that send nearly every student flying.

"The blood of innocents is the sweetest blood," cackled Fang as she walked over to the destroyed area.

"Look out!" cried one of the injured students. "She's one of those kids who's been attacking people!"

"Serval!" Fang called as the spirit of Serval appeared by her side. At first, it looked as it usually would, a gold cat with black spots and amber eyes. But suddenly it began to change. The cat currently only came up to Fang's waist but now it was growing three times as large until Fang only came up to the top of the creature's leg. The gold fur turned into flames until the cat was now covered in flames bar it spots. The chain, which the cat held in its maw, also became larger and its eyes turned from amber to a blood red colour.

"It's a demon…" stuttered one of the kids in horror.

"Tear them apart Serval!" roared Fang as she flung her arm out. The large demonic cat let out a roar in response as it charged forward and body slammed a whole bunch of students. The kids went flying and crashed into the ground before falling unconscious.

"We have to protect the kids," one of the male teachers said to his female counterpart.

"Agreed," the female said as the two pulled out their launchers and connected their beys.

Fang caught sight of the two teachers and grinned maliciously before putting her hands on her waist. "We have a new challenger," she chuckled.

"Let It Rip!" yelled the two teachers as their beys shot forward from their launchers. The man's bey was a Gasher while the woman's bey was a Virgo. Both beys slammed into Serval but merely bounced off. Serval hadn't even moved at all.

"How could it be that strong?" asked the male teacher.

"I'll tell you how!" barked Fang as she held her wrist, which had a glowing gold chaos symbol on it. "With my Chaos powers! You two don't stand a chance!"

Serval shot forward and sent a damaging blow to both Virgo and Gasher. The claws on Serval's fusion wheel shattered both beys' energy rings and they were sent flying and crashed into a pillar.

The women stepped back in fear. "She bet us…with just one attack…" she whispered in a scared tone.

Fang licked her lips. "The battle isn't over for you two yet," she snarled. "Serval…Attack!"

The demonic cat, which had remained by Fang's side during the battle, leapt forward and struck the male teacher in the chest with one of its paws. The man screamed in pain as the cat's claws dug into his chest and splashed blood. He fell back, screaming in pain as he clutched his wounds.

The women screamed and ran, the need to survive now outweighing the need to stay and fight. But the demon was faster. It leapt through the air and landed in front of the woman. She skidded to a stop and went to turn and run but the cat head-butted her and she went flying into a wall.

"Pathetic," commented Fang as she turned her attention to the remaining frightened students. "What will it be losers? Fight…or flight?"

The students looked at each other uneasy. Many were injured from the shockwave and were clearly scared.

"Just a heads up," Fang continued. "If you decide to run, I'll come after you. What I should have said instead was, you either go down fighting or go down running like cowards."

There was a long silence before one student slowly pulled out his bey. The other students saw this and also began to take out their launchers.

"The only way we get out of this is if we beat her," the first student said as he attached his bey. The students nodded and also attached their beys.

"So you're going to go down fighting huh?" said Fang. "Fair enough. You at least get to say you had the courage to stand and fight as opposed to running like cowards. You'll lose here anyway of course," she shrugged.

"Let It Rip!" roared all the students as they launched their beys. The demon cat stepped forward and swiped a large portion of the beys away with its claws. The few that made it through slammed into the large beast. The beys sparked against the flames but did little to no damage.

"It's hopeless!" one of the students wailed. "It's way too strong for us to take on."

"It can't end like this!" responded another student in defiance. "If we lose she's going to get us!"

More beys shot forward to attack Serval's bey spirit, but they bounced off without leaving a dent on the opponent.

"Well," snickered Fang. "This was fun but I've got to run! Bring them to their knees Serval!"

The cat let out a ferocious roar that blasted all the beys back. The beast then jumped forward and stomped all the opposing beys into the ground. The students all gasped in shock. Over 50 beys had been defeated at once.

A malevolent grin emerged on Fang's face. "Now that you've all lost," she mused. "You have to pay up!"

"Stay…stay back…" stuttered the closest student as Fang approached him. The student threw a punch out of desperation but Fang caught his fist and snapped it with her enhanced strength. The student screamed in pain and fell down, clutching their damaged hand.

"Play time's over," Fang taunted as she dug her fingernails into the boy's head and his soul energy was sucked from his body and entered the Serval user. She turned to the remaining students, who were cowering in fear. "Who's next?"

An infinite number of gold energy tendrils shot from Fang's body and connected themselves to every student and the two teachers. There were screams of pain as Fang absorbed all of their souls into her body. She laughed maniacally as the students struggled to free themselves before they all fell limb.

"Return Serval," Fang grinned as the beast let out a final roar before vanishing. The bey then subsequently returned to Fang, who caught the bey expertly.

She looked over the destruction she had caused and then stuffed her hands into her pockets and walked away laughing.


Back in the medical bay, Team Nova Flare along with Sierra and Mana were crowded around two beds occupying Carlos and Ninel. Kiara and Max had bandages on for the wounds they'd sustained from the wolf attacks.

"I can't believe Ninel saved us," Max said.

"Well at least we think she saved us," replied Simon as he leaned back in his chair. "It's a bit unclear."

"I know right," Mana stated as she examined Carlos' injured body. "Because if she did…she beat him up pretty bad. Ninel was basically unscathed and Carlos looks like someone has rammed him with a truck."

"And that werewolf attacked you just as it attacked us," Sierra said, turning to the Prince of Fire. "What a coincidence."

Max managed a smile. "Yeah…"

'I can't tell them the truth,' he thought to himself as he lowered his head. 'I can't tell them that I was attacked by that Shadow. I think it might be the Reaper, and if that's the case…am I going to fall into darkness…?'

"We have a problem," gulped Kenny as he opened the door of the large room and entered.

Kiara groaned. "What now?"

"The final possessed student came out and attacked the entire Winter Dorm," explained Kenny. "And she took every single student's soul…plus two teachers."

"…Well shit," Blaze spat.

"Wait!" piped up Max as he stood up from his chair. "Since when did the students attack like that and steal souls out in the open?"

Sierra shrugged. "Seems like Fang isn't going for subtly," she noted. "There's no point hiding anymore I suppose. And this way, she can take more souls at once."

"So Fang is the last kid we have to beat," Simon commented. "We should be on alert if she's attacking large groups now. Anyone could be a target. So what happens after we beat her though? Do we face the big bad or…?"

Blaze folded her arms. "I say we go after Professor Viper after that," she stated.

Everyone turned to look at her weirdly.

"Haven't you noticed that he hasn't been around lately?" Blaze pointed out.

"Now that I think about it," responded Max. "You're right. I haven't seen him at all lately."

"Even when he became our ally there was something off-putting about him," explained the Phoenix user. "I reckon everything he told us was a lie. He's a double agent."

"Then why would he have helped us at times?" Kenny questioned.

"To gain our trust of course," Blaze reiterated. "He's messing with us I tell you."


As the others left to head back, Max remained to have a private moment with Ninel. The Prince of Fire made sure no one was around and took a seat right next to her bed. He looked over her and sighed.

'I can feel a hint of dark energy with her,' he thought as he waved his hand in the air above the Alicorn user. 'Is it possible that the same thing that's happening to me is happening to Ninel too?'

He reached out and took hold of Ninel's hand. He recalled during their painful vision that Ninel had gained an Order crest. It was gone now though. He narrowed his eyes and touched the top of her hand with his empty one. He had hoped doing so might bring out the crest and potentially awaken Ninel again. But nothing happened.

"This is stupid!" snapped Max as he stood up and stormed over to the door. He paused to look back at his comatose friend. He shed a single tear. "I'm sorry I got you into all this Ninel." And with that, Max left the room. As he closed the door, he didn't notice the Shadow Creature emerging from the darkness.


"

Max…"



"Max still feels very distant doesn't he?" Simon lamented to the others as they walked back to the their dorms.

"He's most definitely hiding something," added Kiara.

"I still think we should be focusing on finding Viper," interjected Blaze. The whole group stopped walking to look at her again.

"Even if you're right," Mana said. "He's not a priority right now."

Blaze merely scowled in response and folded her arms in annoyance.

Suddenly, there were screams and the sound of explosions. The whole group paused as the hallway shook.

"That doesn't sound good," Mana groaned as they rushed out of the hall and emptied out into the Saturn Dorm courtyard. Fang stood in the middle of the destruction with the demonic cat at her side. The courtyard had been turned into a war zone. Some students had managed to escape this time, but the Serval user had cornered the remaining kids. Fire and debris surrounded them. Soul-less bodies littered the ground.

"I suppose we leap in to save the day and get our butts whopped as usual?" suggested Simon sadly.

"That's pretty much how things work," agreed Kiara as the gang took out their beys and set them in their launchers.

"Let It Rip!"

Fang, who had been unaware of the gang's presence until now was surprised when six beys slammed into her Demonic Cat and sent it crashing into a wall with an explosion.

"Son of a gun!" snarled Fang as she held up an arm to block the debris flying from the wall at her. She turned to the gang and grinned devilishly. "I was hoping you'd show up. It's too bad you didn't bring Max...I wanted him."

"Well you'll have to deal with us then!" cried Kiara in response.

"You are insects compared to me!" laughed Fang as she waved her hand. "Kill them all Serval!"

The flaming cat leapt forward and unleashed a blast of flames from its mouth. The gang cried out in shock as they jumped away to avoid the attack that was directed at them as opposed to their beys.

"Did you really think I'd play fair?" Fang cackled. "This is war! Destroy everything Serval!"

The cat responded by roaring and unleashing streams of flames from its body, sending flares flying in all directions. The gang rushed around in a desperate panic to escape the danger and explosions.

"Stomp them flat!" ordered Fang as her beast slashed at the opposing beys, sending them flying.

"Look out Blaze!" warned Kenny as Phoenix was slammed into a pillar near the redhead. The pillar began to fall and Blaze didn't have time to dodge the incoming debris.

"Out of the way!" shouted the voice of a man as he pushed Blaze out of the way, only for the pillar to crash down onto him.

"You!" cried Blaze in shock as she looked at Professor Viper lying unconscious under the debris. She suddenly felt horrible.

'He'd never risk his own life if he was a double agent,' she thought as she moved over to the teacher and tried to pull him out from the rubble.

The others meanwhile were struggling to find a clear gap to fight Fang with. They weren't having much luck against the explosions and smoke and debris. Sierra finally came upon an opening and made her move.

"Thunder Angel!" she roared as she threw her arm into the air. "Strike them down with the wrath of the heaven's!"

Blue lightning shot from Angel into the sky before it rained down and struck Serval and Fang. The chaos student screamed in pain as the volts singed her skin and body. But this only made her angry and the demon cat stepped forward and slammed Angel into the ground. Just like that, Angel had been defeated and Fang was pissed now.

Sierra gulped. "Uh oh…"

Fang shot forward with her powers giving her super speed and grabbed Sierra by the throat. Starring at her with angry eyes, she lifted Sierra into the air before throwing her back through a panel of glass. The Angel user screamed in pain as shattered glasses embed itself into her back and she crashed to the ground with a thump.

"You lost," Fang snickered as she slowly moved in on the injured Sierra. The rest of the gang was being held back by the on-going explosions and Serval's bey spirit. "Now pay the price!"

"I don't think so!" exclaimed Max as he body-slammed Fang, sending the two falling to the ground.

"You showed!" Fang laughed as Max moved on top and began throwing punches at her. "I was hoping you'd come."

Max raised his fist and charged them with energy this time, but the pause was all Fang needed. She kneed Max in the balls and pushed him off. Fang quickly scrambled to her feet whilst Max groaned in pain on the ground.

"That was too easy," Fang mused as she cracked her knuckles and sent a powered up kick into Max's stomach, sending him flying into a wall. She turned her attention back to Sierra and shot a tendril at her, which began absorbing her soul.

"No…please…" begged Sierra with tears in her eyes.

Max, who had recovered looked up to see Sierra slowly having her soul drained away. He screamed in horror and launched a red energy blast at Fang.

"Too little too late!" barked Fang as she conjured a chaos shield of gold around herself and Sierra to block off Max's assault. Although the shield was already cracking and breaking apart, it bought enough time for Fang to fully drain Sierra's soul.

"You son of a bitch!" screamed Max in a rage as the shield blasted apart and Sierra crumbled to the ground, now a shell of her former self.

"I'll deal with you soon enough!" Fang taunted as Serval returned to her hand and her spirit engulfed her. Max backed away as the flames turned in on themselves and released a bright light before vanishing. Fang was gone.

The gang recalled their beys when they realised Fang had fled. As the flames and screams died down, they came to where Max lay, hugging Sierra's limp body with tears in his eyes. At first they couldn't see who Max was with as the smoke was thick. But when it cleared, they gasped in shock. One of them had been taken. Many pawns had are lost in a game of chess, but the most damaging loss is when a more crucial piece it knocked down.

"I wasn't good enough," Max said crying. "I'm sorry Sierra…I should have saved you…"


Max stormed back to his room, his blood boiling with rage. His hands were balled up in fists and his eyes were narrowed with anger.

"When I find that little piece of shit," Max cursed to himself. "I'm going to…"

He paused and suddenly calmed himself. He shook his head in annoyance with himself before walking on. He skipped his room and walked to the bathroom instead. He splashed his face with water and looked into the mirror.

"What am I saying?" the Swordsman blader said to himself. "This isn't like me at all. My anger is more like…" he didn't finish, he didn't need to. Thoughts of the Reaper had already flooded his mind.

He returned quietly to his room and immediately noticed a note on his bed. He snatched it up and saw that it read,
Come by the pool and face me if you want no more innocent bloodshed.


Max scrunched up the note and took Swordsman in his hand. "I'll protect everyone," he said, glowing red with order energy. "I'll beat you Fang, and I'll win Sierra's soul back. You will harm no one else."


"Max," said Simon, now in PJs which consisted of a gold tank-top and silver pants. He was standing just outside Max's room with a concerned look on his face. He knocked on the door again. "Max…I know you're upset about what happened…but it wasn't your fault...I just, I just wanted to see how you were doing."

When he didn't get a reply he tried the knob. Max had a terrible habit of leaving his door unlocked. He either would forget to lock it or would tell himself he'd lock it later and would forget anyways. Just as he'd thought, the door wasn't locked. He pushed it open and saw that Max was nowhere to be seen. That was when Simon saw the scrunched up note on the floor. He picked it up, read it quickly and gasped.

'This is bad!' he panicked in thought as he rushed out of the room to find the others.


"You came," grinned Fang outside the pool area as Max approached with a determined look on his face. Fang had her hands stuffed in her pockets and din't even have her bey gear on. Max didn't seemed to notice.

"I came," Max sneered as he attached Flame Swordsman to his launcher. "And I'll beat you. No talk, let's just battle and get this over with."

Fang narrowed her eyes. 'He seems different,' she thought. 'They warned me he might be. It doesn't matter though, he stepped into my trap anyway. If anything, him being angrier then usual makes my job easier.'

"What are you waiting for?" snapped Max when Fang hit a button on her belt and a small canon rose from the grass and shot a dart into Max's neck. The Fire Blader didn't even have time to activate his order powers, as the tranquilliser was strong enough to knock him out instantly.


"Welcome to your final battle," laughed Fang as Max gained consciousness. He slowly stood up and examined his surroundings. He was in a large room, which looked ancient. Strange carvings were all over the walls. One side of the room had a large Chaos symbol and the opposite side had a large Order symbol. In the center of the room was a large arena. The whole place was a dull bronze colour while the arena was silver.

"Where are we…?" Max groaned as he slowly stood up. That was when he released that a chain was attached to his ankle. He pulled against it but it held firmly in the ground and wouldn't budge. "What gives?"

"I discovered this place while letting my allies do their own thing," Fang explained. "It's a hidden cavern. I don't why it's here but it's powers are strong. By meditating in here, I've become stronger then any of my counterparts."

"And the chain?" Max deadpanned.

"It seems in the ancient times," Fang mused. "Bladers would attach these chains to themselves to add a whole new level to the game. What do they do exactly well…I don't want to spoil the surprise. You'll see when we battle."

"Why don't you have a chain then?" Max snarled.

"I didn't suit my clothing," the chaos student responded, causing Max to growl. "By the way, that chain will only remove itself when a battle has been completed. So there's no running."

"I don't plan on running!" Max shouted as he prepared Swordsman.

'Max Smith…' thought Fang in her mind. 'You have no idea what's about to happen to you. That chain will make your life a living hell.'

Suddenly, Max felt weird. He stumbled for a moment before regaining his composure. A weird feeling shot up his leg.

'What was that?' he thought, confused. 'Was that the chain?'

"Allow me to introduce you to Hellion Serval!" laughed Fang as she held out her new and improved chaos bey. Instead of being black and gold like it'd usually be, it was black and red. The teeth of the energy ring where larger then usual and the bey overall had a more menacing feel to it.

"I've seen enough chaos beys to not be even a little surprised anymore," Max spat. Fang merely grinned in response.

"You're about to enter hell Max," she laughed as she prepared Serval.

Unbeknownst to both bladers, the Shadow Creature watched form the darkness in a corner. It was starring intently at Max. A part of its body broke off and slowly began sliding across the ground to Max.

"Three!" declared Fang.

"Two!" added Max.

"One!" they cried in unison.

"Let It Rip!"



To Be Continued: Next Time – Fangs of Serval



As Max begins his battle with Fang, Fang takes advantage of the trap she's lured Max into. As Max struggles against all odds and the gang rushes to aid him, Max finds himself on the verge of losing. When the "Shadow" interferes in the battle, the Prince of Fire will face his greatest challenge yet. Can Max avoid the temptation to give into his heart's darkest desires? Will our hero have to sacrifice more then he realises in order to win? Or will Fang deliver Max a one-way ticket to the grave?



Well, there you go. Hope that was good. And I updated again, yay! Until next time I suppose, oh and
REVIEW
as always cause I didn't get that many last time is all! And check out that Abridged Series video too if you like! It's funny I promise...and by that I mean I think its funny. Um...uh...just do what you want maybe. See ya!


>