

Scars


Disclaimer: If I owned The Hour it would still be continuing on in some form other than fanfiction. But, alas, as it has been cancelled it means that I, indeed, own nothing.

Summary:"Oh, Sweetie. They asked you about the wrong family." His mother whispered. "There are two kinds of families. There are families who are related... There are also families who are families not necessarily because they are related by blood but because they love one another." Sissy/Sey, Future fic – 1970.


Author's Note: Set in the same universe as all my pervious stories. Sissy and Sey married in 1958, and as was alluded to in dialogue between Sissy and Isaac neither the Coopers nor the Olas were happy that their children married. That does not stop Sissy and Sey from loving one another and having two children, Cooper, born in 1960 and Michael born in 1963.



Cooper Ola was ten when he realized that none of his family was biologically related to him. Well, Mummy, Dad, and Michael were, of course, but none of the rest. Not Auntie Bel, Uncle Freddie or Alex and Ellie. Neither were Aunt Marnie, Uncle Randall, or Papa Isaac.

The realization had been prompted easily enough in history class they were learning about their ancestors and their homework was to fill out a family tree. He'd started it easy enough. Mummy's name was Sissy and Dad was Sey and Michael was born in 1963. Auntie Bel was Mummy's sister and Uncle Freddie her husband, which made Alex and Ellie cousins. Except Alex and Ellie called Aunt Lix Nana. Cooper was fairly certain that Aunt Lix could be both Alex and Ellie's Nana and his Aunt. Papa Isaac as the same age as Mummy come to think of things. No one could be the same age as their Papa. Cooper's head hurt all the rest of lessons.

After dinner Dad cleared the table and Cooper and Michael sat down to do their homework. Mum made them. She'd sit there with then, reading or knitting, occasionally helping until their work was finished.

"Mum, I need some help." Cooper began, handing his mother his ancestry assignment. Carefully she read over the sheet. At first she looked happy but her smile faded.

"Oh, Sweetie. They asked you about the wrong family." His mother whispered. "Michael, Cooper, I need to explain something to you." Cooper stared at his mother and then back at his family tree.

"What do you mean, wrong family, Mummy?" Cooper asked. "Papa Isaac and Auntie Bel - you always call them our family." There was a long moment before Mum explained.

"There are two kinds of families, Cooper, Michael. There are families who are related – you, me, your brother, your father – we are a family by relation – by blood. There are also families who are families not necessarily because they are related by blood but because they love one another." Mum looked very carefully at Michael and him, making sure they both understood, before she continued. "Sometimes these families are the same – people who are related by blood who also love one another – like you and your brother, your father and I – we are a family, we are related and we love one another. But sometimes the family that you are related by blood to is not the family that loves you." Dad came in from the kitchen and sat down in the chair he occupied during dinner. He and Mum shared a serious look. Mum picked up his Family Tree assignment again.

"Papa Isaac isn't really my father, even though we tease him about being your grandpapa. My father's real name is Johnathan. We call Isaac your Papa because he offered to walk me down the aisle at my wedding to your father. My Father – Johnathan – didn't want to. He didn't approve of my marriage to your father because your Father is Nigerian and not English. Isaac was more supportive of me than my father. He cares for me and your father more than the man I am related to by blood. Does that make sense?"

"Is this how Aunt Lix and Uncle Randall is my Aunt and Uncle but Alexander and Ellie's Nana and Papa?"

"Exactly!" Dad said, he sounded proud. He liked it when his father had that tone in his voice, it make him feel smart. "You see Auntie Lix is like an Aunt to your mother but she is like a mother to Bel. Bel is like a sister to your mother. None of us are related biologically but we all love one another just the same."

"The most important thing is that a family loves one another, blood relationship doesn't matter." His mother said firmly. Cooper understood and was happy that he had a family that loved one another, but something still weighed on his mind:

"So how am I supposed to fill out this family tree?"

>