

What If?

Summary: What if AU's are really and what if the pokemon world is an AU of our world. What if the US found a way to this world. What if they tried to invade? "What if?" AU, OC, OP/Ash Alive/Red

Warnings: War. Blood. Character Death. Alternate Universe. OC. Real World. Swearing. Aura Guardians. Slight Crossover of Legend of Legendary Heroes(Not a full crossover [Will explain in story]). Evil US government. If any of this Offends you please leave. If you don't know the anime don't worry you don't need to.

Justice: Hey! I'm back!

Blood: Justice you haven't updated AKB0048 Time travel Mission and Pretty Cure Soul No Way! A Split Pretty Cure

Justice: Yea I know I'm currently typing up a long chapter for that.

Dream: I want to read it so hurry!

Justice: Well I have had homework and Pokemon Y distracting me!

I'm going to let this story start so these too can chase me. See you at the end of the chapter.



Bold Italic

-Pokemon That is Telepathic Communicating

\\ \\ Telepathic Communication Between Pokemon(s) and Humans

Prologue

President POV

"If we keep this up we will be able to travel to the different Universe!" Some random scientist yelled. We have been working on this project for while now at least 5 years now. I hope to god this works. This will solve our money problems at least thats what I hope. I mean if it doesn't we are out 40 million dollars. If the portal is on a planet we can kill off all the populations and populate it with US citizens. That also means new resources for us to harvest.

Walking over to the soon to be portal I wonder how civilized the place will be. If it has human like creature we can enslave them and make them work for nothing. The only problem would be if the UN finds out we would be in so much trouble. If there is humans in something similar to the middle ages we can claim to be god and make them work for us.

"Mr. President the portal will open up in about 4 hours. Sorry for not letting you know we were starting it." The scientist whimpered afraid I was going to be upset. I can't act rude to them if i do they could get angry and expose this project it the public and we could have a war on our hands.

"It's fine get the robots we are going to send across ready." This better not fail.

Arceus POV

I feel a disturbance in the universe border. This is bad. I have to go to Satoshi. That human is very helpful. I can also call all the legendaries too but we need a place to do it… I think Mt. Silver will be good place to hold the meeting. Now to contact Satoshi.

Arceus

to Satoshi[Ash] \\Satoshi… Satoshi this is Arceus I'm going to teleport you to Mt. Silver in Johto. I will teleport you back to your bed if you so choose. I'll give you 10 minutes.\\ That should be a fair amount of time for him to get ready. He is at a pokemon center after all in his room he was given.

Satoshi / Ash POV

Laying on the bed in the room nurse joy has lent me after the battle at the Anistar Gym in the Kalos Region. I feel a sudden intrusion in my head.



Arceus

to Satoshi [Ash] \\Satoshi… Satoshi this is Arceus I'm going to teleport you to Mt. Silver in Johto. I will teleport you back to your bed if you so choose. I'll give you 10 minutes.\\ Shit just got real. I can't believe that Arceus is wanting to see me… Wait isn't that the coldest place ever! I ran out of my room to Nurse Joy.

"All your pokemon are healed" Nurse Joys said.

"Thanks" I yelled as I ran out the door I had already grabbed me bags and gotten ready in the first 6 minute I spent the next 4 minutes getting out of town. Question start spinning in my head why would Arceus want to talk to me and why is such a deadly place was it so that no one would see her or so no one would hear our conversation. Plus she called me Satoshi no one ever calls me that name only my dad ever would and after my dad went away to get stronger I have never ever let anyone call me that name. Most of my friend don't even know about that name as I asked my mom to legally change it to ash so I had no one would call me that.

As I was thinking of my father I was teleported to the top of Mt. Silver. Arceus was already there with all of the legendary Pokemon I have met and even more. They were all telepathically talking with each other about some rip in the universal border. After a while of talking the last question was who to represent us. Then they all turned to me. At least that what i thought until I hear Entei roar and I look behind me.

And all I saw was someone I was told I would never see again my father Red…

Reds POV

"Satoshi is that you?"

(AN: I will include the conversations in a flash back in the future but right now I'm Crying my eyes out. Satoshi meet his father after who knows how long…)

[RE edit: Have edited spelling and format. Any things you see that needs correcting PM me. Also Send me ideas and thoughts. No Flames please.]

Please Review.

>