


NOTE: Some of my grammar in this story is kinda bad so just giving you readers a heads up.



NOTE: I don't think Moira was married or even had a boyfriend in the movie so she was the female character I picked, plus she was the only human, female character that really interacted with Charles and Erik.



I always thought if maybe Erik or even Xavier ever fell in love with a girl, then I realized that maybe Moira, the human helper in the movie, would best suit this twisted love story.



I know that Erik character is very vile towards the human race but villains do have feelings, and love is a feeling that can overcome anything.



Setting: Pretty much anywhere, but mostly at the training center for mutants.



Time: During training time before the Cuban Missile Crisis


The morning was warm, but not too hot as Moira stepped into her car to drive to the training facility where the mutants practiced. As she was driving silently with the radio off, she couldn't help but overthink of how lucky she was to be the only human watching, and studying the mutant's practicing their powers. Moira never thought she would have such a close interaction with mutants, or even meet a mutants until she met Charles. Moira thought about their first interaction and how she was overcome by his beauty, even though he was kind of tipsy that night, after chugging down a lot beer. For a very smart, intelligent man, she thought how ironic it was for him to be chugging down beer like an immature, young adult. The thought of his beauty though never left her mind, but instead pulled her into a deeper, dirtier thought of how she wanted more than just a simple, oral interaction like a more physical interaction. She blushed thinking how childish it was for her to be having dirty crush on Charles. Her daydreams of Charles started to make her more excited of seeing him at the mansion. Not one thought of Erik had ever crossed her mind since the first time she met him, except the fact that she felt envies towards him since Charles paid numerous amount of attention towards him.

As she pulled up towards the mansion, she caught an eye on Charles sitting outside the balcony, drinking tea, and staring towards the distance. As he looked her way, she couldn't help but try to stare at his bright beautiful blue eyes that were glowing among their distance. She looked down quickly hoping that Charles didn't read her daydreaming thoughts. She sat for minute trying to overcome her obsession of Charles by thinking of what she was going to help Charles do today. As she got out of the car, she forced herself to look serious and mature, while trying push away her previous thoughts. As she was walking towards the entrance of the mansion, while making quick second looks at Charles, she saw Erik walking out in the balcony, muttering something fast towards Charles. Charles got up and looked at Erik as if he was quite intrigued to listen at what Erik had to say. Charles then rushed back into mansion leaving Moira only to be forced to look at the Mansion front door that was coming closer and closer to her after each step she took. She felt annoyed in thinking how important Erik was towards Charles through the way he paid attention to him.

>