


A/N: Apparently a script format isn't allowed, so I reverted to the regular story format. For those who haven't watched the XY series yet, this might contain spoilers as it takes place between XY010 and XY011. With that being said, enjoy the story!




Chapter 1- The Separation


On their way out of Lumiose City, Ash and his friends met up with a familiar face. Ash and his friends yelled Alexa's name as they ran to her on the other side of the street.

"Hey guys, I didn't expect you all to be here," said Alexa with a smile. "Are you leaving Lumiose City right now?"

"We sure are!" Ash replied. "We're headed to Cyllage City for my next gym battle!"

Alexa assured, "Well I'm sure you'll win just like you did against my sister!"

"Yeah, but I couldn't have done it without Serena!" said Ash as he pointed out with a grin.

"Yep! So Serena, are you enjoying your travels with Ash?"Alexa asked with a smirk.

Serena pouted. "Hey! I'm also travelling with Clemont and Bonnie, not just Ash!"

Alexa laughed. "Okay, okay, I get it. And Clemont, I heard you've fixed the Lumiose Gym!"

Clemont responded, "Yeah, challengers didn't want to come because Clembot was malfunctioned, but it's all good now!"

Ash, Serena, Clemont, and Alexa were all having a good time conversing, but Bonnie patiently waited for a turn to speak her thoughts. After walking past five cafes, Bonnie decided to speak up.

Bonnie whispered, "Alexa, can I ask you something?"

Alexa listened. "What is it Bonnie?"

All of a sudden, Bonnie's quiet voice turned into a yell. "When you see Viola again, can you propose to her for my brother?!"

Clemont sharply objected, " You're embarrassing me!"

Just then, a pink rubber claw appeared out of nowhere, snatching Pikachu from Ash's shoulders onto a balloon. Pikachu was then put into a glass canister that was too hard to be shattered by normal attacks.

"Yes!" Jessie cheered.

"We've got it done!" rejoiced James.

"So let's make a run!" urged Meowth.

"While we're still number one!" all three exclaimed in unison.

Ash was mad. "Get back here! Fletchling, I choose you! Go and get Pikachu!"

"Not so fast!" said James slyly.

Pikachu desperately tried to Thunderbolt its way out, but to no avail. With the press of a button, Meowth was able to redirect the absorbed electricity back at Fletchling!

"Fletchling!" Ash yelled.

Meowth cackled, "With this conductor, Pikachu's electricity will work against you instead of for you!"

Jessie insisted, "Good work, Meowth. Now let's run!"

Alexa stepped forward. "Let me help! Noivern let's go! Use Boomburst!"

The Boomburst was louder than anything they've ever heard, and it even broke a couple nearby windows! As for Team Rocket's balloon, the blast sent it crashing straight down!

"Aaah!" screamed Jessie and James while falling.

"My ears!" shrieked Meowth.

Clemont wasn't one to waste time. "Quick, Ash! Let's get them!"

All five of them dashed to get to the fallen balloon at a nearby park. Team Rocket had only now started to shake off the Boomburst.

"Pikachu!" Ash cried out.

But before Ash could grab Pikachu, a Genesect appeared and swiped the cylinder container away with Pikachu still inside! The Genesect was painted completely black aside from the red cannon and eyes, and it had the Team Rocket "R" on its forehead. It then proceeded to fire a Techno Blast at the device in James's hand, frightened the Team Rocket trio.

"Jessie, James, and Meowth, I speak for our leader, Giovanni," the Genesect declared. "Your work on Team Rocket is no longer needed."

"What?!" said James in disbelief.

"But how?!" Jessie yelped.

"This can't be!" cried Meowth.

"Hey, give me back my Pikachu!" Ash asserted.

Genesect already knew that the Pikachu was Ash's. "And as for your Pikachu, it is now the ownership of Giovanni. Long live Team Rocket!" The Genesect zoomed away in the distance.

Ash cried, "No! Come back!"

Ash ran and ran with all his might towards the Genesect. But it was too late; the speedy Pokémon had already escaped past the many buildings of Lumiose City. Finally, when Ash lost all hope, he fell to his knees crying.

Ash hopelessly reached his hand forward. "No….Pikachu….PIKACHU!"

Everyone stood around Ash in a circle for a moment. Bonnie started to cry as well.

Bonnie spoke quietly to Clemont, "I feel really bad for Ash, Clemont. He loved his Pikachu very much!"

"I'm sorry about your loss Ash. I know how much Pikachu means to you," Clemont expressed.

Then Serena, who was silent for a while, was the first to step out to Ash from their distance. She unzipped Ash's bag to take his towel out and then reached her hand out to give it to him.

"Here Ash, use this," said Serena as she tried to cheer Ash up.

Ash slowly took the towel while wiping his face. Then Serena took on a bolder face.

"Don't worry Ash! No matter what it takes, we'll help you get Pikachu back!" proclaimed Serena. "Never give up until the end!"

Clemont joined in. "That's right!"

Bonnie followed, "Me too! We'll help you, Ash!"

Ash warmly said, "Thank you, Serena, you've really helped me a lot." Ash looked at the sky. "But I just can't stop thinking about Pikachu."

Ash, with a new determination of hope, will do whatever it takes to save Pikachu, even if it means quitting the Kalos League.

"We're coming for you, Pikachu!" said Ash while facing the sun.

Bonnie, Clemont, and Serena shouted, "Yeah!"




Will Ash ever get Pikachu? And just how far will he have to travel to save him?





Read on to Chapter 2 to find out!




Blaziken Mask, who was Bonnie and Clemont's dad, watched from a distance. "Looks like Clemont and Bonnie will be out on a dangerous quest. Even Blaziken and I couldn't catch up to the low-flying Genesect! Guess I'll have to say my goodbyes to my kids before they leave."

>