

It was a lovely day on Agarest since the crew was only a few days from returning from collecting the first of several materials needed to make the key to release Calinou. Tensions were at a all time low which Eugene said was because Friedelinde was not in the group right now and the addition of the new females would upset the tranquility they were having. Everyone decided that it would be best if they rested in the town they were staying in which is where we begin this little love story.

To the shock of Eugene who was relaxing in tall grass, Sieghart was laying in a patch of soft grass, letting go of all his worries about Linda being alone without any experience in commanding that large of troops. Eugene still could not believe that there great leading was relaxing, normally he would be training until his hands fell off and then he would put them on to continue.

"Yo Siegy." Eugene said, using his nickname of the Captain who did not like it.

"Are you ever going to not use such a name?" Sieghart replied in the direction of the large grass.

"Not at all milord. Have you thought about who you might be with by the end of all this?"

"What do you mean, by the wars end Eugene?"

"Exactly, you already have several women to choose from."

Eugene hit the nail on the hammer. It was no secret that Linda loved the Captain and would follow him to hell and back if need be. Routier has shown signs of having feelings but was still opening up to everyone but much easier to Sieghart. Alice seemed to be a sister figure to Sieghart which he appreciated. And then there was Mimel…

"Say Eugene?"

"What is it Siegy?"

"Why do you think Mimel is so clingy to me? I mean, she has everyone else to express her love to but she chooses to cling to me the most out of everyone."

"Idiot…" Eugene said under his breath. "You just said it yourself Siegy, love." Sieghart over in the other patch raised an eyebrow.

"Love?"

"Do not tell me that you don't know what love is Siegy?" Eugene said almost having a heart attack. Then again, Sieghart was probably the densest person when it came to love so it was understandable.

"I know what love is Eugene."

"Then it should be obvious, she loves ya. Who does she spend the most time with?"

"Me."

"Who does she talk to whenever she is having a problem?"

"Alice."

"Okay, aside from Alice Siegy."

"Me."

"And who just went shopping with her for a new scythe when hers broke on the same day with whose money."

"Me, okay Eugene I get it."

"I don't think you do." Eugene muttered under his breath thinking not only about the topic but also of his cousin and what she would do to him if she heard him saying this. It would break her heart and either cause hell to raise up or make him the become a murderous woman.


Alice was busy sewing up a new piece of clothing for her or the ladies of the group to try on. Thanks to Galios being such a great guardian, she could wear whatever she wanted without it being ruined by the heat of battle. Knocking came from the door as Alice placed down her needles and walked up to the door. Opening said down, she was surprised to see both the person and the expression of the persons face.

"What is the matter Mimel?" Alice said clearly worried about the girl before her. The look on Mimel's face was only of sadness, something that they generally never see.

"Can I… come in?" Mimel asked as Alice stubled back and made room for the girl to enter. Mimel layed down on the nearest bed as Alice pulled up a chair next to her. If anything, it looked like a clinic.

"What's wrong Mimel, someone make fun of you today?"

"No…"

"Can you tell me what is wrong dear?"

It was no secret in the group that Alice acted like a mother figure to the younger members and Mimel was no exception to this. To Alice, Mimel was like a little daughter. All Mimel did was point to where her heart was and Alice knew what was wrong.

"It feels warm here." Mimel said as Alice smiled at her.

"Mimel, is there someone who you like?" The expression changed from sad and dreary to bright and colorful in a matter of seconds.

"Ya, there is Zeeg. He is nice, kind, always willing to play with me, goes shopping with me when I ask, he even bought me a new scythe when mine break last time." Mimel continued on about how great Sieg was to her as Alice just continued to smile at the sight. She however, knew that there was one problem and it had blue hair.

"Mimel, I think you love Sieg." Alice said as Mimel shook her head multiple times.

"Yes, lots and lots, he is the nicest person ever." Mimel responded completely unaware of what love Alice actually meant.

"Dear, there is another form of love then just what you think. It is when a male and female really love each other, they tell each other that they will never be with anyone else." She knew her words were bad but it was the only thing Alice could think of. Mimel however, had the biggest grin on her face.

"Then Zeeg loves me too, thanks Alice!" Mimel rose from her bed and ran out of the door as the situation of what just happened hit her.

"W-Wait, Mimel!" Alice shouted giving chase to the younger girl.


After talking with his third-in-command Eugene for a while, the duo decided to do a little sparring since Sieghart said the man was getting sloppy with his fighting. Eugene denied this saying he was out of his prior but this did not stop him from accepting the challenge. Both men drew their respective swords and stood ready for the other. To Siegharts surprise, Eugene struck first with two slashes, both missing their mark as Sieg tripped him and held the blade to the back of his head.

"Can I stop now?" Eugene said laying on his stomach not wanting to get up.

"You really have gotten lazy Eugene."

"I take that as a yes." Eugene said accepting defeat, throwing himself to his feet and sheathed his blade.

"Eugene, sometimes I worry about you." Sieghart as Eugene burst out in laughter, brushing his blue hair back.

Meanwhile, Mimel happen to find the two men chatting as she happens to be in a bush watching. Alice finally caught up with the love cracker and held on to her to prevent her from running into the scene. Mimel tugged but Alice would let go of her figurative daughter.

"Mimel, you don't even know if he likes you like that." Alice said, trying to prevent her from being rejected before anything started.

"But, Zeeg is so nice, he loves Mimel."

Mimel continued thinking her little though of her and Zeeg running in endless fields of grass and meadows, fishing together and eating together, stuff they have already done but out of good intentions from Sieghart's part.

"So milord, you think about what I talked about?" Eugene said which both women listened up to.

"You mine with who I might be with after everything is done?" Sieghart asked as Eugene slapped himself on the head.

"No, I mean- of course that, what else were we talking about?"

"Well… Alice is really sweet but we are more like brother and sister than anything else." Sieghart said as Eugene has already heard this. Alice however smiled at hearing this.

"I've already heard this, I meant with Mimel idiot." Eugene said as the topics heart began to beat faster and faster. Alice was worried even more since she could not say anything to Sieg but he hoped he would not say anything.

"Well… how do I put this Eugene…" Sieghart blush a slight shade of red while trying to find the right words. "Mimel sometimes can be a handful, always hanging on me whenever we are out. But… this nature makes me want to be there for her and help her when she needs it."

"You're not answering my question Siegy. Mind you, if you say what you are about to say, I will be forced to tell Linda about this and I don't think you understand what happens when someone she loves is taken away from her."

"Eugene, our relationship is a professional one."

"So you think… so, cut to the chase, do you love Mimel or see her like a little sister like Alice?"

"First off, I see Alice like a sister of equal age. She probably has lived longer than me since she is an elf but only has the physical appearance of a young teenager." Sieghart said as Alice did not know whether that was a complement or an insult on her age. "But as with Mimel…"

A long pause filled the air as everyone was thinking of different things. Eugene on how in the world he was going to explain this to his cousin in the next letter he writes her about their adventures. Alice about what Sieg just said; Mimel on what Zeeg was thinking and Sieghart on probably the biggest decision in his life. After a moment to think, Sieghart gave his answer.

"Love…" Sieghart said as Eugene gave a very slow clap hearing this, both proud of his superior not being an idiot about it but slowly clapping because of the hell the two men were about to endure from the hands of the blue haired female who was back in Trizon Fortress. It took every muscle in Alice's being from having Mimel run out there and cuddle the man she heard say loved her.

"Well done sir, you have just signed our souls away, but since I am such a loyal solider, I shall stand by no one's side, just being a third party."

"Excuse me?" Sieghart said as Eugene sighed.

"This is my cousin, my blood Siegy. You can't put a price on that but at the same time you are my best friend and commander so to save my hide, I will pick no sides. I do hope you understand."

"I understand. Now, if you will excuse me, I need to clean myself up." Sieghart said and made his way for the town they were staying in. Eugene sighed and turned in the direction of the bushes.

"Alright you two, you can come on out now, I don't think Siegy knew either of you were there." Eugene said as the two ladies emerged from the brush,, one more excited than the other. "Mimel, do you know what love is?"

"Yup, Mimel learned from Alice." Mimel chimed as Eugene gave a cheerful glare to the high elf, not convinced on this.

"Mimel, you know that by you being with Siegy, you run the risk of having… competition." Eugene dropped his glare as Mimel was wondering what he meant. "For example, Linda."

"Who?" Alice asked as Eugene might as well explain who she was since she join just after his cousin was told to stay at the fortress.

"Linda is my cousin and the defacto second-in-command of any army Sieghart leads. They have known each other for a very long time and as such, she has grown very attached to him but our officers think it a professional relationship and not a real, loving one."

"I see, that is why you are going to be netrual on this matter?"

"Well, at least try to, although I think Linda will try and get me to convince Siegy otherwise. Do you see what I mean Mimel by-" Eugene looked next to Alice and saw they were missing one love bird. "Uhhh… were is Mimel?"

Alice looked to her left and saw that indeed the little munchkin was missing; most like had left when the two adults were talking about Linda. Both looked at each other and then in different direction.

"Alice… Siegy said that he was going to get cleaned up…"

"And Mimel has always told me she wanted to take a bath with Sieg…" Both Eugene and Alice filled in the others missing pieces and came up with the same thing.

"Alice… I think you should get moving… NOW!" Eugene shouted the last part as Alice jumped and quickly went off towards the town to find the two lovers. Eugene stood there looking at the town wondering just what was going to happen now that the truth was out.


Dear Friedelinde

I do hope you have been able to adjust to having a position that actually require you to do stuff, but in all seriousness, there is something I need to tell you and the only reason I am telling you this is because you are my cousin. Our Glorious leader Sieghart, the man you love and adorn so much… has fallen in love with Mimel and vice versa. Only Mimel knows about this and Sieghart doesn't but it does not change the fact that it is real. We are just a half days walk from Trizon Fortress and I expect you to accept this like an adult would. If, by the off chance you don't, I will not help you in this because I don't want to get hurt.

With all the love a caring cousin could give

Eugene

"…"

Eugene sat in his chair in the room he got in the inn as he rethought of what he wrote and sent out an hour ago. It was not surprise that he was having a very bad feeling about the outcome of this little… relationship be he had faith in Linda to do the right thing. Eugene went over to his bed, pulled the covers over his lazy body and took a nap.



Author's Notes -
This was a lot harder than I thought. I did not want to steal ideas from "Silver Haired Problem" by MyJarOfDirt but it just stands that it was basicly the exact relationship Sieghart and Mimel shared and what would have happened if it went to the next level. Mimel not knowing how to be in a relationship and Sieghart not noticing unless someone told him. I am sure I did steal ideas somewhere in this 2k chapter and if I did, I apologize and blah blah you get the rest.

Oh ya, as to why Sayane was not brought up in this story yet. I don't remember whether she joins you before or after Linda permanently joins you after Trizon Fortress so to be safe, I didn't add her. Just image her chasing a squirrel and go from there.

>