

Alice and Eugene were standing at the front entrance of the inn everyone was staying in. Both knew that hell was coming, the only question was if things were going to be easy or if someone was going to get hurt.

"Eugene, you know Linda quite well, what kind of reaction do you think we will have?"

"Simple…" Eugene took a deep breath and gathered his words. "We will first see her in a calm matter, but once one of us brings up either Siegy or Mimel, you had best be ready to fight." Eugene had his sword on his shoulder, ready for whatever was going to come.

"Don't you think she will accept this?"

"No." Eugene simply said as Alice began to question everything with Linda.

"Well I have faith in-"

A spear went sailing at Eugene's head who rolled to the right side to avoid the weapon. Eugene looked at the spear and at the figure and knew it was the devil herself. By some form of magic the spear dematerialized from the wall and back into the hand of the figure.

"Can we PLEASE talk about this like-" His voice was silenced by a bolt of lightning being directed in his direction. "CRAP, WHY ME!?"

Eugene proclaimed who was running from magic he never knew Linda could ever use. All the while Alice was watching the spectacle unfold. During all the commotions, Cal-Vina happen to walk out of the inn wondering what in the name of the Gods was going on. He looked at Alice who looked almost as confused as her. Routier then appear behind her brother figure.

"Tell me where they are before I make you!" Linda shouted as Eugene was running for his life.

"WHY MUST YOU COME FOR ME, IM INNOCENT FOR ONCE!?"

Eugene got caught between a rock and the worst possible hard place he could have pissed off. What came next were sounds a grown man should never make. Cal-Vina covered little Routier's ears and Alice began to feel scared of what this woman was capable of. Moments later, Linda began walking from the the rock and towards the group. Alice took a step back and found that Galios was behind her, making her feel somewhat safer.

"Will someone please tell me what is going on that his caused Eugene to be… exterminated by… what is your name ma'am?" Cal-Vina asked removing his hands from Routier's ears.

"I am Captain Sieghart's second-in-command and Eugene's cousin, Friedelinde. Where are the Captain and Mimel?" Alice could tell the anger in her saying Mimel's name.

"Can we please talk about this like adults, you seem to be very nice from the stories Eugene told me." Alice said calming the situation down a bit.

"DON'T TELL HER ANY-" Eugene shouted as thunder struck down on the place where Eugene spoke. "AHHHGHHHH!" Eugene screamed in pain before silenced filled the air. Routier began to shake in fear as Galios stepped forward in front on his master.

"Just tell me where they are."

"Zeeg, Mimel wants to play a game!" Mimel's voice was heard by every person still moving as Linda began to forward. It was going to be a long day.


"Yes Mimel, what do you want to do?" Sieghart asked as the two could not get to sleep.

Despite them in a room that was below the front entrance, the two lovers were enjoying complete silence from everything both inside and outside.

"Mimel was thinking a game of that check game." Mimel pointed at a board with black and red squares and circles on the side of each person's place.

"I see no reason why not." Sieghart said as the two got up and went over to the checkerboard on another table from his armor.

"Uhh…. How does Mimel play?" Mimel's innocence made Sieghart smile as he began to explain how to play the game. An explosion was set off from below the two which they both heard. Sieghart grabbed his sword and Mimel materialized her scythe and two went to investigate.


Linda was forcing her way through the inn, taking down every person in her way. She got past Galios and left Routier be since she was petrified of her. Cal-Vina and Alice were the only one who was standing in her way from reclaiming her man.

"I do not know who you are but I cannot allow someone like you to harm either Routier or my friends." Cal-Vina said, holding his breaker in his right hand and a spell in his left. Alice stood there not knowing what to do whether to fight or let her pass.

"Move and I won't hurt you two." Linda said as she saw weakness in Alice and charged her.

"Earth Needle!" Cal-Vina shouted and a pillar of earth formed in front of Linda, forcing her back. "Alice, you need to focus otherwise you will get hurt."

"R-Right… Ascension!" Alice shouted and from her staff shot a bullet of light that nailed the female.

"Fine, Burst Hit!" Linda charged at Alice but instead Cal-Vina threw her to the side and took the hit himself. Cal-Vina slid to the side of the hallway and the two women stood across from each other.

"Move…"

"I won't, I will not let you hurt Sieg or Mimel."

Alice stood in front of the lady with renewed confidence as Linda moved in to knock her out. As she was about to hit the high elf in the back of the neck, a hand grabbed Linda's spear, reversed the momentum and threw her backwards. Alice looked up and saw that Sieghart stood in front of her without his armor and with his sword in his right hand. Behind him stood Mimel with her scythe who walked over to Cal-Vina to see if he was okay.

"Linda, what is the meaning of all this?" Sieghart was not amused with the show is force his second-in-command was showing to his friends.

"C-Captain, this is not what it seems."

"I sure hope it isn't, Alice here is terrified, Cal-Vina seems to be knocked out and Gods only knows what you did to Eugene knowing you two." Sieghart's expression was one of equal disappointment and anger. Behind Linda stood Routier who saw what her adoptive brother's state was.

"Brother!" Routier shouted and ran past her enemy to Cal-Vina and Mimel's side. She began using healing magic to try and help him back to health.

"Explain yourself." Sieghart demanded.

"W-Well, Eugene sent me a letter saying that you and Mimel are…" Linda could not finish as Sieghart let out how he really felt about the situation.

"So because I have decided who I want to be with gives you the right to hurt my friends and endanger the lives of others around us!?" Sieghart yelled which shocked every living soul in the hallway, never has he raised his voice on someone that wasn't his enemy.

"B-But-"

"But nothing." Sieghart turned and looked at Alice. "Take everyone back to their rooms and treat the rest who are wounded please. I will handle this myself."

Sieghart said as Alice slowly nodded and everyone help Cal-Vina to his feet and left the two alone, much to the reluctance of Mimel. Alice however had one more thing to say.

"Sieg, I don't know if Eugene will be ok." Alice said and helped the other ladies with the man.

"Alright Linda." Sieghart turned to face the girl but then saw his best friend who looked like he was a piece of meat that was burnt up. "EUGENE!" Sieghart shouted and ran past Linda and over to the Lieutenants side. Eugene fell over and Sieghart reached him.

"Hey Captain…" Eugene said as a poof of smoke came from his mouth. "What's up Siegy?"

"Don't give me that, what happened to you?" All Eugene did was point at Linda and chuckled. "The only time that I am innocent, I get fried by lightning. Give the girl a break though Siegy."

Eugene then closed his eyes and went to sleep after going through hell and back. Sieghart looked at his third-in-command wonder how someone like him is able to go to sleep after sustaining such injuries. He placed the sleeping beauty on the floor and looked at Linda who was scared sick of what was coming next.

"Not only my friends but even your own blood, have you no care for the feelings of other?" Sieghart said rising to his feet as Linda shed a tear. "I don't know what to do with you Linda, I don't have it in my heart to have you tried for war crimes but I cannot let this slide either."

"I-I'm sorry Captain, I wasn't thinking straight…"

"I can tell…" Sieghart began to think of what to do with her. "Until I decide what to do with you, you are to stay with us. For now, you had best apologize to everyone in the group once everything has settled down."

Sieghart lifted the deadbeat known as Eugene up to his shoulders and began walk to his room to place him on the bed. Reaching Eugene's room, he opened it to find that everyone but Mimel was in there on the side of the bed where Cal-Vina was at. Sieghart threw Eugene onto the couch nearby and walked over to the bed.

"Will he be fine?"

"He has a cracked rib but other than that, he should make a full recovery after getting some rest." Alice said as Routier somewhat calmed down hearing this. "What of Linda?"

"She will be staying with us for now until I decide on the punishment for her. You can trust her so long as something like this doesn't come up again. Where is Mimel?"

"She went to your room." Alice said as Sieghart thanked her and left to leave his friends be. Sieghart reached his room and knocked on the door. "I'm coming in Mimel."

Sieghart entered his room and found Mimel covered in sheets and looked scared. Pity filled the man as he placed his sword on the table next to his armor and sat on the opposite side of the bed from Mimel.

"What is wrong Mimel?"

"Mimel is scared of Linda Zeeg." Mimel said as Sieghart moved the sheets from her face to show it to him

"I think everyone was shock up by what happened, including myself."

"But… I didn't help you."

"You did, you helped see what was wrong with Cal-Vina. I had to make sure Linda didn't do anything to harm anyone else so you helping him was of great help." His words made Mimel feel better.

"Really Zeeg?"

"Yes Mimel, come here." Sieghart opened his arms and she jumped into them and slowly cried tears.

"I love you Zeeg."

"I love you too Mimel."



Author's Notes –
Wait… isn't this how 'Silver Haired Problem' ended but with them not sleeping? Ah too hell with it.

All and all, I think this was an okay mini story but I just struggled with it so much that I can't say it was good.

>