

Sirius and James dressed in their robes quickly as Andromeda had advised, they spent the rest of the journey Laughing and joking about their eventful train journey. All too soon the train came to an abrupt halt. Sirius peered out of the window and noticed a large platform and a path leading to Hogwarts castle itself although he couldn't see it; his view was obscured by large trees and a dark sky with a slight purple tinge. They both got up and pulled open their carriage door and began following the steady flow of students out of the door. Sirius stepped quickly on to the platform and the cold air sent a slight shiver down his spine "What now?" He asked excitedly.

"My dad said we travel to the castle on boats! I hope he was telling the truth." James replied.

"Yeah I heard that too, Bellatrix bragged about it for a whole Christmas…-"

Their conversation was cut short by a strong bellowing voice "Firs' years! Over here! Firs' years follow me!" The owner of the voice looked peculiar.

"Who's that?!" Sirius asked crinkling his face up. "He's huge!"

"Oh I think that must be Hagrid, Dad said he was half giant or somthin can't really remember. Hurry up we need the best boat!" James said hurridly he began walking over to Hagrid where a group of first years were standing eagerly, Sirius followed.

"Is that all of ya?" Hagrid beamed. "Come on follow me!" And so the first years did.

Sirius and James stumbled down the uneven hill following Hagrid they walked for about 5 minutes but to Sirius it seemed like hours. "Are we there yet?!" He groaned to no one in particular.

Hagrid turned and grinned at him "Be patient! You will get ya firs' view of Hogwarts soon"

And so they did. they rounded a corner and the whole group gasped Sirius and James included.

"it's beautiful.." Sirius heard a girl next to him squeak. And so it was, Hogwarts was a vast castle set on a high mountain its turrets just visible in the night sky. The windows more like stars were reflecting in the vast lake before them.

"No more than six to a boat!" Hagrid said happily whilst indicating to the boats in front of them. Hagrid himself had a boat to himself.

The first years scrambled into the boats left right and centre, James pointed to a boat to their left occupied by the ginger haired girl from earlier her hooked nose friend and the boy McGonagall called Lupin and his sleepy friend.

"James you do realise who those two are?" Sirius said quietly indicating to The ginger girl and her greasy friend.

"She's hot.." James replied dreamily and edged toward the boat. Sirius half laughed half sighed and followed. they both scrambled into the boat just in time as is began to glide away from the edge towards the castle.

Sirius looked at the boy with a scar running down his cheek, he looked frail, exhausted but friendly. "I am Sirius Black" he said to the boy confidently. "this is James Potter." He said indicating at James.

"I am Remus Lupin" the frail boy said cheerfully. "and this is Peter Pettigrew" he said indicating to the plump boy beside him.

"Hi Remus Hi Peter!" Sirius smirked.

Peter smiled back "alright?"

"What name goes with this pretty face?" James asks the ginger and puts his hand out for her to shake they were now nearing the middle of the lake.

The girl looks appalled "Lily Evans is the name , and Put your hand away or I will hex it potter!" she says threateningly.

Sirius laughs "Feisty, isn't she?"

The greasy haired boy stands up in the boat causing it to rock glaring at sirius "Leave her alone!" he spits.

"Sit down Severus " Lily says tugging at his robe "its not steady enough.."

"Yeah Severus be a good boy and sit down, don't stress your greasy little head" Sirius mimics, James and peter laugh Remus and Lily look less than amused.

Without warning Severus pushes Sirius to the floor of the boat his wand in Sirius' face "Shut up you arrogant arse" Severus says in a low voice.

James jumps up causing the boat to rock violently his wand drawn "Get off him or you will regret it you greasy git!" Severus doesn't move.

Sirius laughs "What you gonna do Snivly? James help! I am afraid he may turn my hair greasy too!" Sirius says in a mocking voice. Sirius feels Severus tighten his grip.

"Sit down" Hagrid says loudly to James and the others "were nearly there!"

James ignores Hagrid Sirius looks livid "You must be really stupid" James growls "GET OFF OF HIM NOW!"Severus does not budge and spits in Sirius' face.

Sirius kicks Severus where it hurts whilst screaming profanities, legs flailing.

"Stop!" Lily pleads "Sev they aren't worth it!" she says over Sirius' non repeatable shouts.

"Yeah cut it out…" Remus says stiffly, he is obviously not happy with the wildly rocking boat and Is clinging to the edge.

"STOP SEVERUS JUST LEAVE IT" Lily screeches as the boat rocks violently again.

"Stupif-" Severus' spell was cut off by a livid James potter who knocks him sideways. The boat tilts dangerously to the left and Peter gasps and joins Remus clutching the side of the boat.

"STOP IT YOU TWO!" Hagrid bellows. But James and Severus ignore him, James now has a struggling Severus in a headlock.

"Sirius help me out! I think he needs his ears washed out, too much grease in them to hear!"

Sirius laughs and helps James lower the struggling form of Severus to the lakes surface.

Lily stands swiftly "DON'T YOU-"her speech is cut off abruptly by the boat tipping causing the six occupants to be chucked into to the freezing cold lake.

For a moment Sirius is shocked by the cold water but he soon comes to his senses and swims to the surface luckily the water isn't very deep. he looks around for James and sees his head bobbing above the surface they are very close to the castle.

"I AM GOING TO KILL YO-" Lily's scream is cut off by Hagrid.

"Over here all of yah! NOW" He says angrily indicaing to dry land at the edge of the castle.

James looks at Sirius' and laughs "Did your cousin by any chance say have a swimming time?" he jokes.

"What?" Sirius frowns with a slight chuckle.

"Don't worry mate…" James grins and the two begin swimming after Lily, Remus, Peter and Severus to Hagrid and the rest of the first years on the grass.

>