


Chapter 1


"How have you been?" Jane asked sympathetically, offering Thor some tea and cookies.

Thor managed an appreciative smile. "All right," he assured her. "Father and I have been doing our best to rebuild, and move on." Things were slowly getting back to normal since the attack on Asgard, but the past month had been the saddest of his life.

"It must be hard, without your mother there," Jane offered gently. "She was an incredible woman."

Thor had been taking a sip of his tea, and gulped it down painfully. "Yes, she was," he agreed, nodding. "Everyone's had stories to tell of her lately," he added, with a sad little laugh. "The whole realm misses her."
But no one ever mentions Loki,
he thought bitterly. "So – how have you been?" he asked, desperate to change the subject.

"Fine," Jane assured him. She sensed his discomfort, and gave him an understanding smile. "In fact – I have something to show you," she added brightly. "Actually... Some
one,
" she clarified, her brown eyes twinkling. "Hang on, I'll see if he's awake," she said, heading for her bedroom.


What?
Thor's eyes widened in confusion. "All right... I'll – wait here," he stammered, his heart sinking as he tried to imagine
who
was in Jane's bedroom, and whether this month could possibly get any worse.

But he blinked in surprise as she returned a moment later, carrying a small animal cage. "His name is Mr. Squeaky," Jane said, beaming in delight as she set the cage down on the table. "I wasn't planning to get him, but Darcy and I wandered into the pet store the other day, and... Isn't he adorable?"

Thor peered curiously at the tiny white rodent inside the cage. "Yes," he agreed, fascinated. "He's an... Ant? Flea?" he guessed, uncertain.

Jane's brows furrowed. "Mouse," she corrected him, somewhat disturbed. "He's a mouse."

"Ah," Thor nodded, studying the little creature. "He's very... small."

"Isn't he?" Jane agreed brightly. "He probably won't grow much, either. Although he's still a baby," she told him.

Thor smiled; her enthusiasm was infectious, and he pulled her onto his lap, kissing her playfully as they admired her new pet together. "He's perfect," Thor agreed, cuddling Jane close and sighing in gratitude for this brief, happy moment. But then he frowned, confused. "Can I ask you something?"

"What?" Jane asked, smiling in fascination as her mouse ran on its little wheel.

"I've visited one of your pet stores before, and they had – dogs, cats, birds," Thor recalled, his brows furrowing. "But some of them weren't much bigger than Mr. Squeaky, and I'm just wondering – " he broke off, with a baffled gesture. "How do you
ride
them?"

"What?" Jane gave him a strange look. "Um... you
don't
," she said, sitting back in her own chair and taking a sip of her tea.

"Then why do you keep them?" Thor asked, trying to understand.

"Because they're cute," Jane told him, as if it were obvious. "And lovable."

"No other reason?" Thor asked. "They don't – gather information for you, or... anything?"

Jane frowned. "He's a mouse," she pointed out. "Exactly what sort of information is he supposed to gather?"

"I don't know; my father keeps ravens for that reason," Thor told her. "So is this a human trait?" he asked, peering at her little mouse in curiosity. "To keep pets, even if they can't do anything useful at all?"

"Yes, I suppose," she agreed.

"Hmm." He laughed softly, feeling a twinge of longing. "Well that explains a lot."

Jane gave him a questioning look. "Meaning?"

"Nothing," he apologized, trying to bury his feelings. "It just reminds me of someone, that's all."

"Who?" she asked gently.

"No one," Thor insisted; but then he felt a pang of guilt. "I mean –
someone,
" he admitted helplessly. "Loki," he said, fighting tears. "It reminds me of Loki."

Jane looked down, uncomfortable. "Oh."

"I'm sorry," Thor apologized, sniffing. "I know no one wants to talk about him."

"No, it's all right," Jane assured him, with a sympathetic smile. "He liked... animals?" she asked cautiously.

"Yes," Thor admitted. "When we were younger he was always finding orphaned creatures, and nursing them back to health... Sleipnir, Fenrir, Jörmungandr," he listed off, smiling wistfully at the memory.

"I've read about them," Jane said. "They were his children, right?"

"He called them that," Thor laughed fondly; then he blinked in surprise. "They're mentioned in your books?"

"Yes," Jane told him. "Actually... it says they were
literally
his offspring," she clarified, her brows furrowing. "That he fathered them. Or –
mothered
them, in some cases," she added, with a disturbed look.

Thor rolled his eyes. "Sif and the others used to tease him about it, and spread all sorts of stupid rumors," he admitted. "That was a thousand years ago. We were just children." Then he frowned. "So you're saying – the rumors made it all the way to Midgard, and got written down in your books?"

Jane cringed. "Apparently." She gave Thor a hesitant look. "So Loki didn't actually...?"

"What?" he asked, not following.

"Mate with – horses, snakes... rocks?" Jane listed off worriedly.


Rocks?
Thor blinked, caught off guard. "He had a pet rock once," he recalled, frowning.
He loved that thing...
"Volstagg teased him mercilessly for it – aaaghh, I'm going to kill him when I get back," he glowered, incensed. "Does it really say that?"

"Ahh..." Jane cringed apologetically, glancing at her bookshelf.

"No, don't tell me," Thor sighed, shaking his head wearily. "I've got enough problems right now." Then he gave her a regretful look. "I'm sorry," he said, realizing she probably didn't want to hear about his delinquent brother.
No one does.
"I know you don't remember him the way I do."

But Jane's gaze was understanding. "I remember that he saved my life," she said quietly. "I know that if it weren't for him, neither of us would be sitting here today, drinking tea and telling stories," she pointed out, with a sad smile. "I'm grateful for what he did, Thor," she assured him. "Truly, I am."

Thor nodded. "Thank you," he sighed. "I can't talk to Sif and the others about any of this."
They weren't there. They didn't see what he did, in the end.
"You're the only person I know who could possibly understand – what he was
really
like," he confessed, eyeing her little mouse wistfully.

Jane followed his gaze. "So it's unusual for your people to like animals?" she asked, surprised by the notion.

"We
like
them," Thor insisted. "I mean – they live in the forest... They're beautiful; we want them to be happy," he agreed. "But if you can't eat them, ride them, or train them to do something useful... No, we generally don't bother with them," he admitted, with a baffled shrug.

"Except for Loki," Jane realized. "Maybe it's a Jotun thing?"

Thor laughed. "It's definitely not a Jotun thing," he told her. "Frost Giants are cold, uncaring, unfeeling... Loki was the opposite of that," he admitted. "He was deeply emotional, annoyingly sensitive..." He laughed fondly, his heart aching. "He cared
too
much."

"Maybe it's not their nature to be cold-hearted; maybe Jotunheim does it to them," Jane suggested.

"Heh... maybe they all just need a hug," Thor agreed. Then he looked down. "No... We think it was something different, in Loki's case," he admitted quietly.

"What, then?" Jane asked.

"When my father found Loki, on Jotunheim... He truly believed that he was Laufey's son," Thor said. "And I never knew about any of this until recently, but... My parents were never certain who his mother was. The fact that he was far too small for a Jotun baby – the son of a king, yet cast out, and left to die... And all of this happened just weeks after Laufey raided Midgard," he pointed out, sighing uncertainly.

Jane gave him a startled look. "You think his mother was human?"

Thor looked down. "My parents suspected it," he confessed. "He was always small, fragile;
weak
, by our standards," he told her. "As a child he was always getting sick, and could never quite keep up with the rest of us. But then, as he got older – " Thor shook his head, heartbroken.

"What?" Jane asked gently.

Thor sighed, regretful. "He hid it most of the time, behind a mask of false confidence," he told her. "But the last time he let me see him –
really
see him... He looked awful," Thor confessed, haunted by the image of his brother in the prison cell that day, just over a month ago.

"Awful... as in
human?
" Jane asked, frowning.

"Yes," Thor said. "No," he corrected himself quickly, seeing her indignant look. "No; not like you," he assured her. "He looked – pale, gaunt, tired... But more than that – he looked
old,
" Thor confessed helplessly. "He was my little brother, but in the end, I swear he looked older than me," he said. "And I think he knew it, and it scared him."

"So he was aging faster than you?"

Thor nodded. "For years I tried not to see it. But – yes," he agreed. "A century ago, Loki
definitely
looked younger than me, but over the past few decades – what?" he broke off, seeing Jane's amused expression.

"A century ago?" Jane laughed. "Sorry, that's just – funny to me," she giggled. "What were you, teenagers?"

Thor frowned. "I suppose."

"Sorry," Jane apologized again. "So what about Frost Giants?" she asked, serious. "How long do they live?"

"Twice as long as Asgardians," he told her. "By Jotun standards, Loki was still only a child."

"Oh." Jane blinked. "So he was a Jotun child, in the body of an aging human...?" She sighed, regretful. "No wonder he had problems," she agreed, giving Thor a look of sympathy. "So you think he knew it?"

"In the end, yes. And I'm sure it was difficult for him," Thor said. "When Loki first learned of his Jotun heritage, he... reacted badly," he reminded her, cringing.

"No kidding," Jane muttered; Loki's identity crisis had culminated in an alien army being unleashed on New York.

"And after that – when I brought him back to Asgard... My father was furious with him," Thor confessed. "He locked him in the dungeon, and forbade me to see him. But my mother visited him every day. And finally she told him of their suspicions: that he was half human, and not
completely
a monster, as he believed himself to be," he sighed. "At first Loki took it badly, and thought it meant he was cursed to be
weak,
and
insignificant
, on top of being evil. But in the end Mother thought he was starting to come around, and see the humanity within himself – and that Midgardians are not simply weak and insignificant, but capable of great strength, and honor, and courage," Thor said, giving Jane a fond smile. "And love," he added quietly, gazing at her pet mouse. "In some ways I suspect you know more of it than we do."

"Don't sell yourself short," Jane said, with a teasing smile. "You keep me around, and all I'm good for is getting you into trouble."

"Saving me from boredom is more like it," Thor laughed, pulling her onto his lap again and kissing her affectionately. "Ah, you're not so different from Loki in that way," he confessed. "Though much prettier," he told her, with a tender smile.

Jane returned his adoring gaze. "So can you stay the night?" she asked softly.

"I wish," Thor sighed, stroking her hair. "But we have so much to deal with right now, and I've been worried about my father lately – " He broke off, remembering his
other
concerns. "I really should get back," he admitted, gently lifting her off his lap as he got up to leave.

"You're worried about your father?" Jane asked, following him to the door. "Why?"

"Ahh..." Thor shook his head. "I haven't the heart to talk about it right now," he apologized, burying his apprehension. "Next time," he promised.

"Next time," Jane repeated, her dark eyes twinkling. "I like the sound of that."

"Hopefully soon," Thor agreed, kissing her goodbye. "Take care of yourself, all right?"

Jane smiled wistfully. "You too."

>