

Matthew stood in the tunnel, the sound of the roaring crowd echoing around him. His dark hair blew in the slight breeze that is passing through the enclosed space. With his fists clenched tight he began his walk into the stadium grounds. The sound that was made when he entered is deafening. Matthew had never been so nervous, yet so excited in his entire life. He took off a Pokeball and pumped his fist into the air shouting "Lets do this!"

His arm lowered down as his golden brown eyes scanned the battlefield. It was a grass battlefield with rocks placed around in certain areas. A few flower beds which will soon be destroyed and trees that will no doubt be knocked down.

"Right, we have our challenger, lets bring on the champion. Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, put you're hands together for champion...LANCE!" the announcer shouted as he flew around the stadium on the back of a Magnezone. From the opposite side of the field to Matthew, a man wearing a black jump suite and a black cape walked casually into the stadium. His spiky raid hair blue gently in the breeze and his intimidating eyes caught Matthew's. A smirk played on both of their lips, "Good luck Matthew" Lance said.

"You too" Matthew replied as Lance took out a Pokeball.

"Each trainer has six Pokemon. The trainer to loose all six will lose the battle. There is no time limit, the challenger goes first" the announcer said as a picture of Matthew shown up on a giant screen behind him. Next to the picture are six empty slots. Matthew looked down at the Pokeball in his hand..."Lets do this. Go-"



A/N: Hello my fellow fan fictioners, welcome to the first piece of written work I have on my account. This is basically a writing test piece. I would love you're feedback so either send me a review or a PM and just tell me if I went wrong in any places or if you liked my story, or even if you hated it.



Also, I am looking for a Beta that is god with grammar, because I am horrible with grammar and I want my future stories to be as good, and as readable as they possibly can.



You can look on my profile for my DA page where I will have pictured off Matthew, and any future characters that I will be writing for.



Well that is all. Like I said, leave a review or PM me you're thoughts on this short one piece and I will try my best to improve for the next story.



Peace out!


>