


Chapter 4


"Jane," Thor said, embracing her and giving her a tender kiss. "Are you all right?" he asked gently.

"Yes, I'm fine," Jane assured him cheerfully. "How are you?"

Thor smiled in quiet sympathy; he knew Jane wasn't as 'fine' as she claimed to be, but understood that she wasn't ready to talk about it yet, and was probably grateful for the distraction.
I felt the same way after Mother died.


"Oh, I've been good," Thor said, following her into the kitchen as she began to make some tea. "Things are getting back to normal. My grandfather's new statue was unveiled last week," he told her, as they shared an amused smile. He'd told her about his brother's asinine plan, but in the end Loki had grudgingly agreed to replace their grandfather's statue with an exact replica of the original.

"And your father?" Jane asked, hopeful.

"Slowly regaining his dignity," Thor said, laughing. Odin had awakened from his sleep two weeks ago; he was exasperated by Loki's childish antics, but realized he couldn't punish someone who was officially dead. And although he refused to admit it, Thor knew his father was quietly grateful that Loki was all right.

"How is Loki doing?" Jane asked.

"He seems to be behaving himself so far," Thor said, with a fond smile. "If he's gotten into trouble, I haven't heard about it. In fact I saw him just this morning," he told her. "He stopped by to wish me a happy Springflower Day."

"Springflower Day?" Jane asked, smiling in curiosity. "You have a holiday to celebrate flowers?"

"Yes," Thor nodded. "Actually just one specific flower: the Springflower," he explained. "It only blooms for one day, out of the whole year. We keep one at the palace; it's over ten thousand years old. So every year we hold a traditional ceremony, to watch it bloom," he told her. "It slowly opens, and blooms for a few hours, before the petals fall off, one by one," he said. "It's a very special event."

"It sounds fascinating," Jane agreed. "And beautiful," she added, smiling wistfully.

"Actually, it's really boring," Thor sighed. "It's a ten-hour ceremony, and we just have to sit there watching it, in a hall of a thousand people. Even with front row seats you can barely see the flower anyway. It's the most painfully boring thing ever," he laughed, apologetic. "Loki and I had to suffer through it every year as children. So he stopped by to gloat this morning, before taking off again," Thor told her, rolling his eyes.

Jane giggled; but then her brows furrowed. "Wait... If there's a ten-hour ceremony today – what are you doing here?"

Thor gave her a concerned look. "Heimdall pulled me out of the ceremony," he told her gently. "He said he'd seen you crying, and that – I'm so sorry, Jane," he said, taking her hand. "I know he was like family to you – your own child, and that you must be devastated," he sighed, bowing his head. "I came right away."

Jane blinked in confusion. "What are you talking about?"

Thor frowned. "Heimdall told me it looked as though your pet mouse had passed away."

"What?" Jane exclaimed, horrified. "No no no no..." She ran to her bedroom, as Thor followed, concerned. "Mr. Squeaky?" Jane asked worriedly, hurrying over to his cage. Hearing her voice, the little white mouse lifted his head up, his whiskers twitching inquisitively. "He's fine – he's all right," Jane sighed in relief, pulling him out of his cage and holding him gently. "Oh, Mr. Squeaky, don't scare me like that," she said, kissing him on the head. But then she blinked worriedly. "So – does Heimdall see the future?" she asked, holding Mr. Squeaky protectively.

"No," Thor told her, confused. "He said it happened just this morning."

Jane frowned. "This morning I was having coffee with Darcy and Erik."

"And you weren't crying?" Thor asked. "About anything?"

"No," Jane told him. "We were laughing."

"Why would Heimdall lie to me?" Thor wondered, baffled. "And pull me out of an official ceremony, for no reason?" Now that he thought about it, Heimdall had looked somehow –
off
– and although he had tried to keep his expression somber, there had been a mischievous spark in his golden eyes...

"Because it wasn't Heimdall," Thor realized, laughing quietly.

"What?" Jane asked.

Thor smiled fondly; there was only one other person who could possibly have known – or cared – about Mr. Squeaky. "It was a Springflower Day present from Loki," he told Jane, touched by his brother's thoughtfulness. "To save me from the most boring day of the year."
He loves me...


Jane gave him a confused look. "So you're saying – Loki pretended to be Heimdall, and told you Mr. Squeaky was dead... As a
present
to you?"

"Yes," Thor agreed, smiling in amusement.
Will I ever not fall for that?



The End


>