


Hello everybody! So I got a lot of positive feedback on my last post, telling me to go for the rewrite! So here we are! Thank you all so much for supporting me :)



Here is The Boy On The Ground. Take two!



Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson or Avatar: The Last Airbender


Two young waterbenders stood together, waist deep in a stream. They were concentrating, carefully passing a small bubble of water back on forth between them together.

It was peaceful and refreshing. The water rushing around them, a soft wind moved the tree tops.

And yet, with all the nature and peace around them, Aang still looked troubled.

"I hope you know this block isn't going to last forever, right?" Katara ventured to ask. "It's just like last time. You'll get over it."

"But last time was a
physical
block." Aang defended himself. "This is different!"

"How could this be different?" Katara asked.

"This is more of a mental block..." Aang said. His slim arms moved the water back to Katara. "I don't want to firebend. Remember when I burned you?"

"Yeah... but remember when you went to the Sun Warrior's temple and learned that fire isn't destruction but light and life?" Katara shook her head. "You
need
fire bending."

Aand cast his eyes down. He couldn't look at her.

They sat in silence for a few minutes, the water acting as a soother.

Before either of them spoke again, they were interrupted. Sokka and Toph burst through the trees giggling and laughing.

Katara put her hands on her hips. The water between her and Aang splashed down. "What did you do?" She demanded.

"Nothing!" They coursed. Sokka put his hands behind his back and grinned at them.

"I'm not joking, Sokka. What did you
do
?"

"Jeez Katara. Can't a guy laugh without someone thinking he's done something wrong?" Sokka asked, mock hurt in his eyes. "What does it take to get some trust around here?"

"Toph?" She turned on the young waterbender.

"Not my mom!" Toph sang.

"We've talked about this!" Katara sang back.

Toph opened up her mouth to retort back but instead reached for Sokka. "Run."

She took off running but Sokka hesitated. An angry looking Zuko burst ran out of the trees behind them. There was a moment of silence as his flickering eyes surveyed the clearing and his eyes locked in on Sokka.

He visibly flinched when he heard the shrieks of laughter coming from the steam.

Sokka turned on his heels and bolted but Zuko was too fast. He threw a ball of fire, blocking off the escape route.

Sokka turned around, "Oh, hey man. What's up?"

"What. Did. You. Do. To. My. Hair." He demanded, closing in.

"It looks the same as always to me!" Toph chimed in, from a safe distance.

Zuko's hair was the colour of ice. The blue hair on top of his head flicked back as he snapped her, "Not helping, Toph!" He said between clenched teeth.

"It was just a joke!" Sokka said, trying to calm him down. "Don't be uptight!"

Zuko grabbed the front of Sokka's shirt and pulled him forwards. "Change it back.
Now
."

"It'll come out with water!" Sokka said. "You just have to wash it..." Zuko didn't move, and neither did the waterbenders. "Katara?" Sokka called. "Katara! Help me!"

Aang finally took pity on Sokka and with a swift motion, he drenched the young prince.

The water sizzled as it hit him, all the blue washed out and settled on his shirt. The water curled and floated up in a wisp of steam.

"Little...
steamed
, Fire Boy?" Sokka asked, grinning again.

Toph chuckled at Sokka's joke and started coming back to the group.

"What was the point of that?" He seethed.

"Point of what?" Sokka blinked innocently, playing dumb.

Zuko was unimpressed.

"Oh come on! You thought it was- OH MY GOODNESS! LOOK OUT!" HE screamed and pointed behind Zuko,

Aang and Katara were still sitting in the water laughing at the whole scene in front of them, and didn't hear.

"Nice try, Water Tribe." Zuko grumbled, pulling off his blue, stained shirt.

"No seriously!" Sokka pushed past Zuko. "Aang! Katara!
Catch him
!"

Aang and Katara looked up too late. A body was being hurtled down from the sky, a stream of smoke was left behind him. Aang didn't even have time to react before the body hit the water, not far from where he was sitting. But it didn't hit the way he expected.

The water it's self seemed to reach up and grab the body, just before totally impact.

Not to waste another moment he and Katara jumped in and started moving towards the point they thought he had fallen. Sokka and Zuko not far behind. The water was deep enough to be up to Aang's neck, so he used water bending to walk above the water.

"There he is!" Katara pointed, she was also on her feet, flying around on a patch of ice. The body was lying face down in the water, not moving.

Katara moved her arms around, the water started moving but as soon as it got within a foot of the body, it stopped.

"The water around him won't let me bend." Katara said, panic sounding in her voice. "How are we supposed to get him back to land? Why isn't it letting me bend?"

"Calm down, Katara!" Aang said, he used airbending to get close to the boy and then grabbed him and started pulling him closer to shore, Sokka and Zuko each grabbed an arm and helped drag him out of the water. Giving a pointed look to Katara.

"Oh... right." She said sheepishly, and followed the boys back.

"What was that?" Toph asked as soon as they set foot on dry land. "
Who
is that?"

"He just... fell from the sky." Sokka said, amazed. They laid the boy on the ground.

"What are we supposed to do with him?" Aang asked, looking at the unconscious boy.

The boy would have been tall, if he were standing. His clothes were strange, and burnt. Hardly even recognizable as clothes. Yet his tanned skin and hair were unharmed, other then a few old scars. His hair was dark. Black even and a complete mess. His mouth was slightly open and his breaths came in shallow and raspy, long stretches in between.

"He feels... off. I don't think he's normal. His pulse is really slow." Toph said. "You should probably give him your heal-ly, hand, magic, Katara."

Without a second though she bent down and encased her hand in water, it started glowing blue and the second she touched him, he flinched and then relaxed.

"I don't think it's me healing him." Katara said, amazed. "It's just the water."

"Okay," Zuko spoke for the first time. "Lets go. We need to put lots of ground between us."

"What are you talking about?" Aang asked. "Between us and who?"

"Him!" Zuko gestured to the boy. "Do you
really
think its a good idea to just take him in? He was just blasted from the sky! And survived!"

Aang looked at the boy. "I think he'd only be dangerous if we attacked him." He said slowly, he could basically feel the immense power radiating off the body.

"You don't know that."

"We can't just leave him, Zuko." Aang said. "We need to take care of him."

"I'm with Aang on this." Katara put in. "We couldn't possibly save him from drowning and then just leave him to die. We're in the Fire Nation and they'd for sure kill him if they found him."

Sokka dropped to him knees on the other side of the boy and started going through the folds of his clothes.

"Sokka!" Katara swatted at him. "What do you think you're doing?"

"I'm going though his clothes. If he wakes up suddenly we don't want him armed. He obviously really powerful."

He looked up at the startled faces of the others. "What? I'm not stupid. Even I can tell. It's obvious he was unconscious when he was falling and you saw the water, it moved for him. He's a powerful bender and we should take away any advantage he might have over us. We don't want to get hurt."

"I'm impressed, Sokka." Katara said. "But I don't think you should be searching the clothes of a
dying boy.
There's no way he could overpower us if he does decide to just wake up."

Sokka didn't reply, just continued looking.

"Aang! Stop him!" Katara said.

"Well, he
does
have a point." Aang said slowly. "And if he finds anything, we'll know that much more about him."

Katara crossed her arms and sat back on her heels.

"Ah-HA!" Sokka held up a small, stout, metal stick.

"Oh great, Sokka." Katara said dryly. "Now we know that he's a massive killer with a murderous stick."

Sokka started fiddling with it.

"Put that back." Zuko said. "He probably has that for... sentimental reasons." He reached for the stick but Sokka moved out of he way, suddenly the top of it popped off and Sokka was holding a long, sharp, bronze sword.

"Woah." Zuko and Sokka said at the same time.

Zuko stepped back and held up his hands.

"Murderous stick... good guess, Katara!" Toph gave the older girl a thumbs up.

Katara didn't reply.

Aang stared at the sword.

"We still have to watch out for him." He decided. "We'll bring him back to camp and make sure he doesn't do anything dangerous."

Zuko let out a breath. "Whatever you say, Avatar."

Toph and Aang earthbended a platform under him and started moving him towards camp. Katara hovering just behind them.

Zuko and Sokka remained behind with the sword.

"Pretty cool sword, huh?" Zuko asked.

"I guess." Sokka said.

"Can you change it back?"

"Change it back to what?"

"To the little metal stick."

"Oh... maybe." Sokka picked up the lid off the ground and touched it to the tip of the sword. Immediately it went back to the small object in his hands.

"What I want to know, is how he came across this magical object." Zuko said.

"I don't believe in magic."

>