


I do not own PJO or A:TLA



Chapter 29


"You know, it feels weird to say, but the comet is kind of beautiful." Percy remarked, looking up at the sky that was bleeding all different yellows and oranges and reds.

"Yeah, too bad the Fire Lord's going to use it to destroy the world." Toph grumbled.

"Toph, are you scared?" Percy asked on a whim. The little earth bender had only shown intense emotion when faced with something about her parents. Fighting bad guys or monsters or running through a volcano, the girl had been a rock. No pun intended.

Sokka tensed slightly, which they all felt since they were basically all sitting in each others laps on the creepy lizard hound thing the old guys in the Order had given them to travel on.

"Scared? No, it's the Fire Lord that should be scared." She answered, tossing her head proudly.

"I really wish I had had that kind of confidence when I was twelve." Percy mused. "I was scared all the time, except when I got mad. Then I would just mouth off to super powerful gods and stuff... maybe that's why they don't really like me."

Toph laughed a little, but squeezed Sokka's middle slightly tighter. "Are
you
scared, Sokka?" She asked.

"If you weren't on our side, I'd be terrified." He twisted around and smiled down at her. "But I think you could probably take on a whole army and come out on top."

"I know. I'm pretty awesome." She smiled and blushed a little. "Sorry for not counting you."

"What?"

"Sorry for not counting you. Back when I first joined the group and Azula was attacking us. I didn't count you as a fighter because you couldn't bend and I realize now that you're not just a fighter, you're a warrior. I'm proud to fight with you."

"Toph..."

She punched him as hard as she could on his back, cheeks burning. "Don't mention it."

Percy suddenly understood what it must have felt like to be Grover on his first quest with Annabeth.

Suddenly, a voice broke into Percy's head, loud and clear and desperate.


Lord! Lord Perseus! Help me!



"Uhh, did you guys hear that?" Percy asked uneasily. He knew the voice was in his head, but he wanted to make sure the other two didn't hear anything.

"No. Hear what?"

Percy eyes scanned the water around the eel hounds paddling legs and his eye caught something bright and shiny and colourful.

"Oh no..." He moaned. "I'll be right back. You guys go on."

And without waiting for them to respond, Percy tumbled off into the water and used his powers to shove him down deeper and deeper.

"Where are you?" He yelled out into the dark, murky depths when he thought he had gone deep enough. He tried to sounds concerned but the water felt too good on his skin. It felt like everything that was right with the world all came together and caressed his whole body, sending shivers of pleasure down his spine.


My lord!


A huge hippocampus zipped through the water and crashed into Percy like a ton of bricks. If he hadn't been in water there was no way he'd have survived a hit that big.

"Whoa! Whoa there!" Percy tried to calm the frantic animal down, while holding his chest while a few ribs reconnected.


My Lord! I've been all alone and afraid. This place, what is this place?


"I'm sorry, buddy. But it looks like you've been sucked into a different world."

The hippocampus let out a strained, panicked sound and did a couple back flips.


But how!


"I don't really understand the mechanics of it yet, but I promise you, I'm working on it." Percy assured the beast and puffed his chest to make sure his ribs had healed.


At least, I have you for comfort here, my lord.


"Yeah... about that..." Percy glanced back up the surface where the eel hound was already miles away. "I can't stay with you right now. Something's about to go down, I need to help them up there."


But what about me? Don't you care that I'm afraid?


"Of course I care!" Percy felt hurt. "I told you, I'm going to get all of us back."


Even... even him?


"Him?" Percy looked around as if there was another person standing right behind him. The water moved his hair and his clothes as gently as a summer breeze, caressing him like the hand of a mother. "Who's him?


He was going to kill me. Right before we were sucked into this world... I don't remember much except that I was trapped in a net and I was scared and calling out for help. I felt his arms around my neck and saw his knife flash before my eyes. He was going to kill me like he killed my brothers but then everything went black. When I woke up, I saw him swimming up to the surface.


Percy narrowed his eyes. Someone was killing the hippocampuses? That wasn't right. These animals were beautiful and harmless and apart of his dad's kingdom. Percy felt responsible. He should have been there to save them.

"Look, I have to go back. But stay close to those shores over there, okay?" Percy pointed in the direction they were told to go by the Order. "If you need me, I'll be close by. We'll figure out who was trying to capture you and make him pay for it, okay? I promise."

The hippocampus reared up and flipped over with joy.


Yes, my lord. Do you need me to take you back to your friends?


"No, it's okay. I can handle it. I don't want them to see you wight now, it might freak them out."


I'll stay hidden down here. I promise.


"Thanks, uh, sorry, what was your name?"


Sparkles.


"Oh, uh, that's a great name." Percy said. He felt guilty for being glad it wasn't his brother Tyson's friend, Rainbow. At least this mess didn't have to make Tyson more worried than he needed to be.

He said goodbye to the hippocampus and willed the water to carry him back to the eel hound. They had actually traveled a considerable distance, but it was still no match for his powers.

Willing the water to lift him up, he slid back into his spot behind Toph.

"What was that all about?" She asked.

"Nothing... I, uh, thought I saw something."

The sky was burning orange and red, warming them up even though their feet were dangling in the frigid ocean. As Percy watched, the comet took shape beyond just light across the horizon.

It filled him with dread. It was like watching a doomsday clock tick down.

"We're not going to make it." He breathed. Then immediately bit his lip. He hadn't meant to say that out loud.

Sokka's hands tightened on the reins. "We'll make it."

Percy took a deep breath and looked behind them. He saw the flash of Sparkles tail disappear into the waves.

"Hold on tight." He instructed. Closing his eyes, he felt the familiar lurch in his stomach, the current picked up the eel hound and started speeding them faster and faster towards land.

"We'll make it." He agreed with Sokka.


Ayyyy I literally cannot remember if Percy can talk to the hippocampus or not? ? Sorry if that was completely wrong lol



Hope you enjoyed this chapter! Don't forget to fuel me fires by leaving a review ;)


>