

Have a truly wonderful Christmas
"Spock, for god's sake, give me the tinsel!" The Vulcan giggled and spun around once more. Jim was really regretting giving Spock that glass of chocolate vodka. From across the room, Pavel laughed, hanging glowing baubles on the huge artificial Christmas tree.
"Vhat deed ve say, Keptin? Don't geewe Meester Spock chocolate!" Hikaru laughed with him, peering around the other side of the tree to look at the still giggling Commander and the Captain trying to wrestle the golden tinsel from him. Uhura, Bones and Scotty entered, gawping at the commotion. Immediately scowling, Bones said,
"Who the hell got Spock drunk?"
"The Captain!" chirped Hikaru and Pavel from behind the tree. Scotty laughed as Bones shot Jim a venomous look.
"Jim!"
"C'mon on, now, Leo. I's Chris'mas. Dinnae be grumpy." chided Scotty gently, taking the doctor's hand. Uhura grinned and walked over to the console, pressing a few buttons. Soon, the room was filled with Christmas songs
'Snow is falling, all around me, children playing, having fun. It's the season, love and understanding, Merry Christmas everyone!'
The navigator giggled, dragging the pilot away from the tree to dance. Unable to stop his smile, Jim pulled a very happy, drunk Spock into a lively dance beside his helmsmen. It took Scotty a few more minutes to coax Bones into joining them and Uhura chuckled, looking for a camera. With a squeal of delight, Pavel said,
"Ze fairy-tale of Nev York! Seeng vheeth me 'Karu!" And that's how the crew learnt that, despite his accent mangling the words, Pavel had a beautiful singing voice.
"Eend ze boys from ze NYPD choir vere seengeeng Galvay Bay. Eend ze bells vere reengeeng out, for Chreestmas Day!" By this time, Uhura had found a camera and took photos of them, covered in tinsel and dancing, singing Christmas songs like there was no tomorrow. The engineer had slipped the doctor a few drinks and now both of them were dancing along.
"All I want for Christmas is you, baby!" Laughing, Hikaru hoisted Pavel into his arms and spun him round, whilst the Russian whooped and sung. They had all had a few drinks by then but that only increased the atmosphere. A young Ensign, going by the name of O'Malley, poked his head around the door to see the strong, hard-working bridge crew and heads of department fooling around. He blinked twice as he watched the pilot spin the navigator into him, adoring looks on their faces. Forgetting the report he was meant to make, O'Malley slipped away to tell the other ensigns. As the songs drew to a close, Scotty pulled Bones into a warm kiss. Pavel smiled, linking his arms around Hikaru's neck as they kissed. Dizzy with love and a little alcohol, Jim pulled Spock into a long kiss and Uhura took another picture.

Sometimes, the crew looked at each other and wondered what the bridge would be like without the bouncy Russian whiz kid, or the stoic, yet warm-hearted pilot. What engineering would be like without the stubborn, loyal Scotsman or medical without the grumpy Georgian doctor? And then they realise that they have been incredibly lucky to have such a great crew.


>