

Untold

Chapter 130 - Surprise

Summary: Hiccup's first birthday on Berk.


A/N: I know it's March now but I will have you know I DID write this on February 28th. Sooo. I just lost myself somewhere within caffeine and worry and Treasure Planet fanfiction. This is my contribution for the leap year. A lot of people wanted to know if Hiccup would ever get the birthday party that Stoick planned for him in
Starlight, Star Bright
and this was the only way I could honestly see it happening; this is set about six weeks after the events of
Unbreakable
, and that feels about right. I was purposely vague when I spoke of the war with the Outcasts, because I don't want to spoil anything.



It took a minute for me to decide how far after
Unbreakable
to set it - on the one hand, there was a lot of realism at stake if I set it too early. Over the course of Unbreakable, the war brings damage and destruction to nearly every island in the Barbaric Archipelago, meaning that once the dust has cleared and the weapons have been set aside, there's a lot of rebuilding to do, not to mention the emotional repercussions upon the people. And like Hiccup lost Snotlout and Humongous, other people lost loved ones in the war. There was just a lot of grief and a lot of sorrow after the events of that story, and it would have been inappropriate to set this any earlier. But I feared setting it any later would take away the feeling of "newness" about the setting - everyone is still getting used to a peaceful Archipelago, to a place where there's no war or slavery, and Hiccup's still working to prevent any return of battle. So it took me a bit to fixate on six weeks.



Third, I set up a poll on my profile for what you'd like to see happen next in Untold, and I would have posted one of them, but three of the answers are in a tie, and I don't want to pick one over the other. So please, can a few of you go vote? Maybe break the tie?



"SURPRISE!"

It was hundreds of voices all at once, a sudden swell of noise rising up like a tidal wave, crashing over me with more force than Astrid's fist; it was so loud and sudden and unexpected that I nearly dropped the torch in my right hand, unsheathed my sword with my left, and gave a yell of my own.

"
SHIT!"


It was all knee-jerk, just blind instinct; when I turned and saw the faces of fellow Hooligans staring back at me, quite a few of them laughing over my unexpected outburst, I relaxed, loosening my grip on the blade, eyes flicking from one face to another. "What…what's going on? I thought we were having a meeting here."

"Happy birthday!" Fishlegs gave me a huge smile, Astrid put an arm around my shoulders in a quick hug, and Stoick looked happier than I'd ever seen him.

"Um…" I blinked around at the Vikings surrounding me. "It's…it's not that I don't appreciate the
thought
, but…well, it's not my birthday."

"No, we know that," Stoick waved a dismissive hand. "Back in February, I had everything planned out, but…" his gray eyes darkened visibly. "…you remember. It didn't work out."

"I thought we were in a meeting?"

"Hiccup, if we had told you up front we wanted to throw a party for you, what would your response have been?"

My answer was immediate; it required no thought. "No friggin' way."

"Exactly."

I really wasn't on board with the idea, but I also couldn't see any way to stop it without just saying I didn't want a party. And I didn't want to be rude. So I tried to smile, but it felt painfully awkward, and I was sure it looked it. "Um…thank you." I wanted to speak in kinder, warmer terms but I wasn't sure I remembered how. I loved the people around me, loved them so much it hurt, but after everything that had happened, after everything I'd seen and been through in the war, I wasn't sure I remembered how to be kind or warm.

Stoick didn't seem to care, or even notice; he took me by the hand, beginning to lead me over to the center table. I tried to wrench my wrist free of his grip, but no such luck; I may have been King now, but that didn't mean anything when it came to my strength. I was still as skinny and weak as ever. I wasn't actually sure if I wanted a birthday party, whatever it was. And that made a new thought occur to me.

"Wait, wait, how does this work?" I protested.

"How does what work?" Stoick's eyes were kind when they fixed on me.

"This." I gestured with my free hand, the one still gripping the sword; remembering this, I sheathed the blade again. "A birthday party."

This made him pause; when the people who had overheard glanced at me, there was definite pity in their eyes, and I didn't like it.

"I…sorry," I shrugged one shoulder in a halfhearted way. "I just…we didn't have a whole lot of birthday parties on Outcast Island. Probably none. I know I never had one." Shit, I was making it worse. "I think there would have been a celebration had I died, though." Oh, gods, I needed to shut up now.

Even Stoick looked pitying, and I could tell he was gearing up to try and tell me more useless stuff about how I didn't deserve that kind of treatment and how everyone here loved me and I was good enough, etc.

But like a Valkyrie sent straight from Odin, Astrid stepped in, took my hand and smiled. "Well, today, let's celebrate that you
lived
."

I couldn't help the small smile that flickered over my face. "Yeah, that sounds good."

>