

A Future Unwritten, A Past Laid to Rest
PART V

By: AW

Date: January 2014
Rating: M
Length: 1,032 words
Pairng: TIVA

[2 days later]

Ziva walked into the living room of Tony's apartment. "Tony we have to go shopping for a new bed today. That single is not big enough."

He chuckled, "Well it has only ever been me sleeping there."

She smiled, "Soon we will have to find somewhere else to live. This is not going to be big enough for all of us."

"I know honey. Instead of us going to get a new bed today I have somewhere else to take you."

Ziva stretched her back sticking her belly out for Tony to admire. "Come on Ziva, just trust me for one minute."

She sighed and silently nodded.

[Half an hour later]

Tony pulled his car into the driveway of a rustic home. Ziva turned to him, "Where are we Tony."

Tony grinned, "Home."

Ziva stared at him disbelieving, "You bought us a house?"

"Well I couldn't very well have my family living in a one bedroom apartment could I?"

Ziva kissed his cheek and opened the door seeing the hardwood floors and fully furnished living room. "It's beautiful Tony. Thank you."

He smiled and gave her a hug, feeling a movement below.

Ziva let a quick intake of breath escape her. "I think the baby just moved Tony."

He nodded, "I felt it too."

She stared at him, "I never meant to force you into something so permanent so quickly. I could have done this on my own."

Ziva's head bowed unsure, and it seemed ashamed. "I should have thought ahead, I was not planning to get pregnant. I was not trying to force you into this." She drew in a deep breath, "I am sorry."

Tony walked up to her. "Hey I wouldn't have done all this if I wasn't sure. This is great Zee-vah. If I thought you would have been open to this beforehand this would have happened much sooner. I have loved for a long time babe."

Ziva stared at him, "It all began when –"

"We were forced to pretend we were a couple on that assignment."

They stared into each other's eyes. Tony looked at the beautiful woman before him. "This was meant to be. One time and it has changed our lives forever."

He leaned down and their lips met: electricity coursing through both their bodies. "I love you Ziva."

"I meant what I said in Israel, 'you are so loved'."

He brought her into a hug full of promise. "So are you Ziva, so are you."

Ziva smiled and basked in the love that was undulating from Tony. She placed a hand on her belly reveling in the feeling of a new life created and her own life taking a turn for the better.

She turned to Tony, "What do you say we go check out the bedroom. I'm assuming that there is a new bed in there for us."

He nodded, "You bet. It is getting kind of late maybe we should turn in for the night."

She grinned at him and followed him upstairs, not sure that there would be much seeping tonight.

Tony opened the door to the master bedroom and Ziva gasped at the beauty of the room and the house that was no theirs. "Tony that bed is huge!"

He grinned, "A king-size fit for a queen."

Ziva lay down on the bed and beckoned for Tony to join her. "You know a bed this size would be great for other things besides sleeping."

Tony looked at her, "We can't right now. You're pregnant."

Ziva chuckled at his nervousness, "Doesn't mean we can't still do it. Tomorrow when we go see the Doctor you can ask her if it makes you feel better."

Tony nodded, "It's not that I don't want to Ziva it's just that I've never had a pregnant girlfriend before; and I'm a little nervous."

Ziva approached Tony and put her hands on his face, cupping his head and forcing him to stare at her, "You poor sweet man." She let her lips approach his and the kiss soon became heated and she felt that Tony's body was saying something different from his words.

As the kiss became more heated Tony's hands approached her breasts forgetting for the moment his previous worries.

Ziva's breathing sped up as Tony explored the body he had once known and was now changing.

His hand went down to her belly and felt the bump where the baby that he and Ziva had mad rested. "You are so beautiful Ziva."

"Rather bloated at the moment, but thank you anyway."

His hand reached below and under the elastic of her underwear feeling the wetness spreading and knowing that she wanted him as much as he wanted her.

He rubbed the wetness along the curls and then inserted on finger than two. He smiled at Ziva, "I see that you're as ready as I am."

Ziva nodded unable to voice her opinions as he brought her closer and closer to the precipice.

Tony slowly removed his shirt showing her the bare skin of his chest and her eyes got wide with wanting.

She panted as he slowly moved his fingers touching the sides and making her gasp in surprise. "I've never felt that before without even having sex."

Tony smiled and undid his pants taking the khaki's down as she stared at his member straining against the boxers he wore.

"I need…" He stared at her and slowly pulled his boxers down exposing himself to her. She licked her lips in anticipation and he stared in her beautiful eyes. At her nod he slowly entered her watching her quiver at the sensations.

She stared at him, "I love you Tony."

He thrust in once more and emptied into her opening. "I love you too Ziva." His hand slowly went to her belly and rubbed the bump that held their daughter. "And I love her too."

They slowly curled up and fell into a much needed sleep: their life finally coming together.

END PART V

TBC in PART VI

>