


I don't own anything. Now this takes place after Ed, Edd, n Eddy's Big Picture Show and takes about a week afterwards. This will include the best of cartoonnetwork's shows. So anyway I hope you enjoy this first chapter.



It had been a week since the Eds went to Eddy's Bro's place and Big Bro showed his true colors by beating up on Eddy and Ed stopped him. Put after wards Captain Melonhead attacked the Eds and then got beat up by the rest of the kids. Now Melonhead now known as the Gourd is in his cave working on his plan.

"Timber, I have finally finished it." The Gourd says as he turns to the hunk of wood with an evil smile. "With this device I will be able to take revenge in the entire cul-de-sac.

The Gourd picked up what looked to be like a remote and he had it with a red button and he was still giving that evil smile.

"What's that?" The Gourd asked and listened to his wood.

"Yes, I will show them today and they will suffer the wrath of THE GOURD!"


Meanwhile the Eds were heading to Nazz' for a party.

"I can't wait to get there." Eddy says

"I know, it sure is exciting to be attending this pool party." Double D says with a big smile on his face.

"Quite the awesome party it's going to be, huh guys?!" Ed says before he squeezes his friends in a hug.

"Yeah lumpy." Eddy replied.

They reach her house and Eddy knocks on the door and Nazz answers.

"Oh hey you guys, Party is in the backyard." Nazz says

The Eds get into their swimming trunks and make their way to the backyard they see Rolf eating meat, Sarah and Jimmy splashing each other, and Kevin sitting in a chair with shades while drinking fruit punch.

"Let's get a move on boys." Eddy says as him and his friends go to the pool.

"Hey guys." Kevin says getting out of the chair.

"Hey Kev." Eddy says and him and Kevin high five.

Ed jumps into the pool and starts swimming. Double D is putting on sun screen.

"Safety first." Double D says making Sarah blush and giggles.

Eddy and Kevin are talking, "So Kev, I was thinking of asking out Nazz."

"No way bro, I'm gonna ask out Nazz." Kevin says

"But she kissed me at Mondo a go go." Eddy says confident.

"She was just happy for you man." Kevin says laughing at his own comment

"What's that supposed to mean?" Eddy asked offended

"Come on guys," Nazz says coming, "Don't argue it's a party."

Eddy and Kevin sweat, Nazz just laughs and walks away.

"She's so righteous man." Kevin says

"Yeah." Eddy agreed

"You have to let me have her." Kevin says

"No way, I saw her first." Eddy replied

A figure suddenly appears on the fence blows a whistle and everybody is looking in that direction, the figure it giving them an evil grin and it had what seemed to be like a wood on a stick.

"Hello losers of the cul-de-sac. I am the Gourd and here is Timber the Dark Shard! We are here to exact revenge for what you did to use at mondo a go go, we only tired to help you, tired to make sure the eds would never pull a scam like that again but noooo...You guys had to go and beat us up. But now...now..it's time you all pay!"

"Jonny?" Nazz asked

"Yes Nazz, it's me." The gourd replied

"I can't believe it." Double D says surprised

"Okay now you will all pay, Just with the press of this remote I will shock you all!" The gourd says

"Jonny don't!" Double D yelled

"The wood boy has gone insane." Rolf says

The Gourd presses the button and instead of shocking the kids a big hole appears then it turns into multiple holes, All the kids including the Gourd are sucked into separate holes but the Eds are sucked into the same one with the Gourd's remote.


The Eds wake up on some grass and they see two figures looking from above them. One is a boy with a red shirt and a green bookbag, the other is a blue like figure that looks like a ghost and is well all blue.

"Who are you guys?" The boy asked

The Eds stood up and Double D spoke, "I'm Edd but call me Double D and these are my friends Ed and Eddy." Double D says

"Wow all of you have the same name?" The blue figure asked

"Yeah." Eddy replied

The boy then spoke, "Nice to meet you. I'm Mac and this is my imaginary friend Bloo."

"Awesome!" Ed says and hugged them

"Ed let them go." Double D says and Ed let go.

"So how did you guys get here?" Mac asked

"All I know is that we are here because this nut case as know whose calling himself the Gourd pressed a button and now we're here." Eddy says

"Well do you need help getting back?" Mac asked

"Well that would be nice." Double D says with a smile



Short but this is only the first chapter, if people like this then next chapter should be MUCH LONGER. Anyway the find the remote next chapter and go to rescue Nazz. Pick which Cartoon Network show she should be stuck on. Pm me or vote in the reviews. :)


>