


This is it. The real ending now enjoy



Bro was now lying in the ground the Eds triumphantly stading above him.

"Take that bro!" Eddy yelled in victory.

Bro passed out and the others break into the lair all glaring at the Gourd.

"There he is!" Kevin yelled, "Get him!"

They all charge at the Gourd.

"WAIT!" The Gourd yelled.

Everyone stopped.

"I'm sorry." The Gourd said.

"You're sorry?" Jimmy asked.

"Yes I'm sorry look I only did this because you guys beat me up at that park and it made me go nuts." The Gourd explained, "Can you guys please forgive me?"

The kids all huddled up to talk about it.

"I don't really know the guys sooo...yeah." Bloo says.

"I say it's time for payback." Kevin said.

"I agree he shouldn't have been so stupid." Sarah added.

"I think we should forgive him even though he caused this whole mess it is kind of us at fault for triggering this need for revenge." Double D said.

"Double D is right." Nazz says.

"Forgiveness!" Ed says with a smile.

They all turn to Jonny and look at him.

"Jonny, we forgive you." Double D said holding at his hand to Jonny to help him up which Jonny does as he grabs his hand.

"Thanks guys." Jonny says.

"Yeah now let's get out of this place." Double D says.

They all turn to see Bro getting up but he quickly passes out again


That Night there was a big party at Eddy's house. Not only with the cul de sac kids and Bloo but also a couple people from every world they were in. Nazz, Numbuh 3, Blossom, and Bubbles were having a conversation. Bloo, Eddy, Ed, Kevin, Mac, and Numbuh 2 were showing there moves on the dance for. Edward was talking with Jonny and other things.

"So you're the guy who was behind all this?" Edward asked while choosing his arms.

"Well yeah." Jonny replied while sweating.

"Shouldn't yoube in a jail or something?" Edward asked.

Lazlo comes, "Come on Edward. He said he was sorry let's just party now."

Raj and Clam were dancing on the floor and Numbuh 2 was telling them jokes.

"So so I got a new name for the Delightful children...The Undelightful children!" Numbun 2 said and laughed while Raj and Clam faked laughing.

Eddy, Ed, and Double D were talking to Mac and Bloo.

"So you guys went on this crazy adventure?" Mac asked Bloo.

"Yep it was fun you should have jumped into the portal with us." Bloo said.

Billy then comes, "Me, Mandy, and Grim jump through portals all the time and it's lots of fun.

"Yeah whatever." Eddy said.

"I like chickens guys!" Ed said.

"I like pie." Billy says.

"CHICKENS!"

"PIE!"

"Chicken and Pie!" Ed and Billy yelled out and high fived.

"I could go for pie." Bloo says.

"Yeah pie." Ed says, "CHICKEN FAVORED PIE!"

Bloo gags and so does Eddy.

"You get used to it." Eddy says.

"Yeah." Double D says.



Short but bitter sweet ending. I would like to take this time to thank the people who read and liked this story and stuck with it. I really appreciate it and I would be happy to do a sequel or a spin off which is why you need to go on my profile and vote. So do you want a sequel? A spin off? Or should I just leave it here? I want to hear what you guys think. Thanks again :)



And I'm out.


>