


Some good old banter and flirting, business as usual except that Osgood (the one in London, anyway) has found a backbone and it's
great
. Also, sexual content warning for the end of the chapter.



When Doctor Rani Frey walked back into UNIT HQ after a six month absence, the few that dared to ask her where she had been received very non-committal answers. They assumed it to mean something with a higher security clearance rating than they had.

Petronella Osgood knew better.

Or rather, she knew that 'Doctor Frey' hadn't been sent on some top secret mission so much as fucked off back to space. Where she was from. Because she was an alien. An alien that had broken Brigadier-Director Kate Lethbridge-Stewart's heart no matter how much her boss tried to deny it.

Osgood had found out about the Rani's return and her apparent reconciliation with Kate when she strode into the latter's office only to find a smirking Time Lady perked on the edge of her desk.

"It's good to know my lab has been left how it is," she was saying.

Kate sighed. "Only because I was too worried about my employees hurting themselves with your highly unpredictable and probably dangerous equipment."

"Smart of you."

"Wasn't it just."

"Um," Osgood said from the door, fumbling with the clipboard she had nearly just dropped. The two older women turned to look at her. "So...you're back, then?"

"Obviously," the Rani said, rolling her eyes. "Honestly, I thought you were meant to be vaguely intelligent."

"Rani," Kate warned.

"So...everything's alright, then? She's back and we're all...okay with that?"

"Again,
obviously
," the Rani muttered.

"Look, you can stop with that attitude, alright," Osgood snapped, with a backbone she wasn't entirely sure she'd be able to maintain.

The Time Lady narrowed her eyes at her. "What was that, little mouse?"

Osgood took a gulp of her inhaler before adjusting her glasses and standing her ground. "I said, stop with the attitude. I get it, you're this hotshot alien who thinks she's better than everyone else, and maybe you are, but you
left
and you hurt Kate, someone I care about very much. Now, she might have forgiven you for that, but I haven't."

"Osgood-" Kate tried to say, only to be interrupted by the Rani, who was sneering.

"And I care
why
?"

"Because I could get straight on the line to Geneva and tell them that an alien with known previous crimes against humanity has infiltrated this facility and won the trust of the director," Osgood said, lifting an eyebrow.

"I'm terrified," the Rani said sarcastically.

"I know about Time Lords. I could slip aspirin into your tea and kill you stone dead without you knowing. I could do any number of things that you'd never see coming because to you I'm just an innocent, stupid
little mouse
."

Osgood took great satisfaction in the way the Rani adjusted her posture and was now eyeing her with something akin to vague interest. The young woman took another breath and continued talking.

"And maybe I won't do those things for Kate's sake. Maybe I will because I think she's better off without you. But if I were you, I'd start treating me with a bit more respect, because I am a
person
and I deserve that much. I'm not going to say that if you don't I'll make your life a living hell, because I'm not that petty. But just remember that I can."

With that, she turned and walked away, feeling incredibly proud of herself and of the utterly stunned looks on the Rani and Kate's faces.

The fact that she had to jump into the nearest supply closet and huff from her inhaler for the next minute did very little to diminish her sense of triumph.


"She has a fair point," Kate admitted once Osgood had gone.

The Rani examined her nails. "I suppose so. I still don't think she has the nerve. But then, if you'd asked me two minutes ago if she had the nerve to stand up to me like that, I'd had said no. Things might get more interesting around here after all."

"Maybe, but not before noon," Kate said grimly, "We've got an executive meeting in ten minutes."

"Why am I hearing a
we
?"

"Because I'm reinstating you into a senior researcher position and they want to know where you've been for the last six months. I told them I sent you on an undercover assignment in the Amazon."

The Time Lady snorted. "And just what am I meant to tell them?"

"Oh, nothing, I'm going to claim that the Doctor turned up, sorted it all out and wiped your memory for good measure because he doesn't always trust us," Kate said, shrugging.

"Simple and believable. I like it."

"Thank you. Now come on. And for the love of science, please be on good behaviour for this."

"I make no such promises."

They headed for the conference room, where Kate took her seat at the head of the table next to two representatives from Geneva and the Colonel that had replaced the one the Rani was fairly sure had been called Ahmed.

The Rani sat in middle on Kate's left, with far too many irritating humans between her and the only human she could tolerate. (Oh, alright, like. She liked Kate Lethbridge-Stewart, as much as she was still loathe to admit it half the time.)

When it came to her being asked about her absence, she simply spun the lies that went with Kate's falsified story, and it apparently satisfied them. When it came to supposed memory loss, it wasn't as if there was much they could do. And it's not as though they had any reason of suspecting Kate was lying to them.

As the meeting continued, the Rani tuned out all the annoying human drivel and took her communicator (which she'd modified to resemble a smartphone) out of her pocket.



Rani:


We should do an experiment together


It was amusing to watch Kate's subtle reaction to feeling her phone vibrate in her pocket. She quickly replied while keeping a straight face as one of the Geneva officials continued talking.



Kate:


Is this your idea of sexting


The Rani smothered a snort and looked up to see Kate quietly smirking to herself.



Rani:


Do an experiment with me and you'll find out




Kate:


This is definitely sexting




Rani:


Problem?




Kate:


Not remotely. This meeting is horrifically boring. I forgot how much Ned likes the sound of his own voice.




Rani:


All men do.




Kate:


Indeed. A universal problem, I imagine?




Rani:


You've met the Doctor. And the Master was just as bad.




Kate:


Definitely a universal problem, then.


"Director Stewart?"

Kate glanced up from her phone. "Yes?"

"Are you sure Doctor Frey isn't suffering from any side effects of her time in the Amazon, results of the memory wipe or otherwise?"

"While it's
so good
of you to be concerned for my well being, Mr Jensen, I can assure you I'm in perfect health," the Rani said with a pleasantness so fake it almost made her want to be sick.

"Don't worry, Mr Jensen, we've spent the last few days performing extensive physical examinations just to be sure," Kate said seriously.

The Rani choked on the mouthful of water she'd just taken. After assuring a few concerned executives that she was fine, she grabbed her phone.



Rani:


Is that what we're calling it now?




Kate:


The best lies have fragments of truth.




Rani:


You've got some nerve, Stewart, I'll give you that.




Kate:


I have to get my fun somehow.




Rani:


Because fucking an alien is so commonplace and tedious.




Kate:


Your words, not mine.




Rani:


We'll see how smart you are when you're begging me to let you come.


To her satisfaction, Kate's cheeks turned a faint shade of pink upon reading the text. The Rani sat back in her chair, feeling a job well done. A reply came through sixteen and a half seconds later. Not that she was counting.



Kate:


Promises, promises.



Osgood headed for her boss's office, the latest report from Geneva under her arm. She almost made it past the PA, but was addressed right before she could knock.

"I think she's discussing something private with Doctor Frey," the girl at the desk, Penny Shao, told her delicately.

Osgood held back from rolling her eyes. "Oh?"

"Well, she said not to disturb them."

"I bet she did," Osgood muttered, and focused her hearing on what was behind the door and just out of Penny's range. She caught some quiet moans and a
please, Rani
and really did roll her eyes this time.

Squaring herself, she knocked primly. She would not be embarrassed by this. Not this time. But they would be and she was going to relish it.

"Kate? Report from Geneva."

There was faint swearing and then scrambling, and Osgood bit back a satisfied grin.

"One moment," Kate called back, sounding a little out of breath.

Osgood waited patiently through the twenty one seconds it took for a 'come in' to finally be offered. When she opened the door and strode inside, Kate was sat at her desk doing a bad job of pretending to be fishing through the papers in front of her. Her face was flushed with what was likely a mix of embarrassment and...other factors.

The Rani was across the room on the window seat and Osgood pretended not to notice her wiping her mouth on a handkerchief. Which was more courtesy than the other brunette deserved, really.

"Just needed to give you this and let you know that the second section has a couple of errors in it and they're sending through a redrafted version in an hour or so," Osgood said to Kate as she handed over the report. "And the fourth section's statistics are based on France only but they forgot to put that in a footnote."

Kate took the report and lifted an eyebrow. "And of course, this couldn't have just been left with Penny."

Osgood smiled sweetly. "Well, I think it's better to get information right from the source, don't you? You never know what can get lost in translation when there's a middle man."

Kate narrowed her eyes, not fooled. Osgood thought she heard the Rani chuckling behind her back.

"Run along, I'm sure you have more important places to be," Kate said.

"Funny, I was about to say the same thing to her," Osgood replied, tilting her head.

"Out," Kate said firmly, only to add, "
Both
of you," with slight reluctance and no small degree of irritation. The Rani threw both humans a sour look as she left the room and Osgood followed her with a smirk on her face.


Osgood: 2



The Rani: 0



"So I think we should talk."

The Rani glanced up from her biochemistry book - or what was
apparently
a biochemistry book, it barely resembled a book and was written in bizarre runic lettering - to lift an eyebrow at her. It was a few days since Osgood's rude interruption and they were at Kate's apartment.

"I'm assuming you mean about something specific."

"Yes."

The Time Lady narrowed her eyes. "That's a rather serious expression you've got going on there. Has something happened?"

"Not exactly," Kate said, sighing, "It's more that what Osgood said about Geneva got me thinking. It really would be a good idea for us to have a...contingency plan. Well, maybe two, actually."

"A contingency plan?" The Rani repeated, eyebrows up.

"For if they find out the truth about you, or the truth about us, or both," Kate explained as she sat down opposite her.

The Rani paused thoughtfully. "Surely the repercussions for our slightly unprofessional relationship wouldn't be massively severe."

"No, but I'd still prefer to be able to minimise the scandal, people thinking well of me is unfortunately more important than I'd like to admit."

"I'm sure you'll think of something, I have no interest in navigating pointless human politics," the Rani said, returning her attention to her book and leaving Kate immensely exasperated.

"Fine, but I'm serious about the
other
contingency plan," she told the Time Lady, leaning over the table to snap the book shut. The Rani glared at her, with an intensity that would have made anyone but Kate wither. "Don't give me that look, we need to talk about this. Osgood's right, if Geneva were to find out who you are, they very well might lock you up and do god knows what to you, and in the likely event that our relationship is brought to light at the same time, I won't be able to do anything to help you because I'll be lucky if they don't send me to the psychiatric sector."

"Your concern is touching, Kate," the Rani drawled as she got up from her chair and absently stretched her muscles, "But you forget. I've kept my experiments over the years very discreet and not remotely near this time or place.
The Rani
means nothing to UNIT, we can simply pretend I'm a goody two shoes busybody like the Doctor if my biology becomes public. Our relationship could even work favourably for me."

Regret and guilt rose up in Kate's gut, and her reservations must have shown on her face because the Time Lady's eyes narrowed.

"What? Talk, Stewart."

Kate knotted her hands together on her lap. "While you were gone, I might have...felt the obligation to enter your information into the database."

Shock and outrage flashed across the Rani's face, making Kate wince as she braced herself for the Time Lady's wrath. But it was only for a moment, and then an odd, resigned laugh escaped the Rani. Kate was surprised to see amusement in her eyes in addition to the considerable amount of annoyance.

"Of course you did," the brunette said, shaking her head, and she looked at Kate in a way that was almost apologetic. "You had no reason to think I was coming back. I'm a threat you couldn't ignore."

"Yes," Kate said, blinking. She really hadn't expected
the Rani
of all people to be understanding. "Exactly. I was going to say sorry, but maybe I won't."

"Don't," the Rani replied, "If you hadn't, it would have been proof that our relationship
has
affected your ability to do your job."

"So...you're not angry that I've put you in legitimate physical danger?"

The Rani approached her, leaning over her slightly and reaching out to brush some hair from Kate's face. "Your concern is...sweet, Stewart, if ridiculous. I'm more than capable of dealing with xenophobic humans, powerful or otherwise."

"It's less to do with you being an alien and more to do with the numerous awful things you've done and are capable of doing."

"Exactly. And if I hadn't done those things, then the danger wouldn't exist. You can't be a scientist of my calibre and nature without resigning yourself to the opposition you're going to meet."

"True," Kate said, making a face, "Though the danger also wouldn't exist if I'd kept my mouth shut."

"Proving that like almost everything we get ourselves into, Stewart, this mess is a joint effort." The Rani slowly pulled Kate out of the chair and to her feet. "Our separate commitments to our causes did this."

Kate looked at her lips, and licked her own. "Why does that almost sound like dirty talk when you say it?"

The Rani chuckled. "Because competence is probably about half the reason we're attracted to each other in the first place."

"Fair point," Kate said breathlessly, before grabbing the Rani by her jacket and kissing her. "Look, I know you think you can handle UNIT if things go south, and maybe you can, but all they would need is one moment of luck-"

"Stewart, kindly shut up," the Rani told her, hands cradling the back of Kate's neck as she kissed her quiet. "Worry is one of your least attractive emotions."

"I'm sorry that you're allergic to them," Kate replied against her lips.

Kate's hands gripped the Rani's hips, pulling them against her own and shamelessly grinding in an attempt to get the needed friction. The Rani's kiss became more urgent, and the Time Lady turned them around, backing herself against the table with Kate pressing herself into the edge of it.

"My species is known for being more or less entirely on the asexuality spectrum and yet here I am, unable to keep my hands off someone like a hormonal teenager," she said wryly into the blonde's neck as she sucked hard on a patch of the skin there. "One would think the drive would have lessened some by now. This is getting ridiculous."

"Is it too much for you,
your ladyship
?" Kate asked, cocking an eyebrow as she unbuttoned the Rani's shirt and trousers.

The Rani rolled her eyes and idly laced her fingers through Kate's short hair as the blonde pulled her trousers down. "Hardly. Impress me, Stewart."

She pushed down on Kate's shoulder with her other hand, and the human dropped to her knees and grinned at the challenge.

For someone who had taken over four decades to realise she was gay, Kate
really
loved having sex with women. Well, she'd only had sex with the one woman, but that wasn't the point. The logistics would be the same. There was something so exquisite about
tasting
her, about the way she could make a horde of alien curse words fall from the Time Lady's tongue just with the ministrations of her own.

She had the power to reduce a smug alien to a shuddering slave to physical sensation and Kate wasn't sure she would ever be satisfied with anything else.

Did she possibly have a sexual power complex? It seemed likely. Was it something she would change even if she could? Not for a second.

The Rani's fingers tightened in her hair until it was painful, but Kate was so hopelessly turned on by the tiny gasps escaping the brunette that the pain only augmented it all. Finally, the Rani's body trembled with release and Kate smiled with satisfaction, turning her head to press lazy, wet kisses to the Time Lady's inner thigh.

"We need a contingency plan," she said quietly, her fingers tracing over the Rani's skin just above the knee, "If only for my own peace of mind. I
know
you're capable of taking care of yourself, but as ridiculous as it is, if something happened to you, I'd be beside myself."

"I have the remote control for the TARDIS," the Rani replied. Her voice was hesitant and breathy. "It wouldn't be difficult to program it to materialise in proximity to a receiver. I could give the control to you, so that if I were to be locked away, you can send my TARDIS to me."

There were still a lot of holes in that plan, but it was a start, and certainly the best Kate could ask for. It was a miracle in itself her request hadn't been brushed to the side again.

"Sounds good," she said, getting to her feet and kissing the Rani softly before undoing her own blouse. "Now, if it's alright with you, I'd like you to make me forget all about all this."

The Rani smirked and used the belt loop on Kate's trousers to pull her in closer while her other hand unceremoniously pushed underneath her waistband. Within two seconds her fingers were curling just so and making Kate swear loudly.

A few hours later, her back would get its revenge for her engaging in sex on an impractical angle against a table, but for now she let her eyes fall shut and the pleasure wash over her.



Next chapter might just see a wee crossover with a certain British political comedy. If only because the idea of Kate, the Rani, and Malcolm Tucker all in one room really is too good to pass up.



Thanks for reading, let me know what you thought!



-MayFairy :)


>