


This AU is a little complicated. For one, Luna is human, and the four remaining in her ending escape. When they escape, though, they are not on the moon, however, they


are


in the future. They will be in Quark's present, where the virus is ongoing and such. Anything else applies to the Luna Ending, so Clover, Alice, Tenmyouji, K and Dio are all dead, with Phi suspicious of Luna and Quark still unconscious. What happened to Luna? Well, I guess she was never injected by Clover, but she


was


at least knocked out by her, with Clover thinking she killed her. She ran to get the thing to revive her, and then Dio and yeah, normal from there.



As for the Sigma pairing, you can choose: Sigma/Luna or Sigma/Phi. I don't mind, I like both. Also, whichever one doesn't win will get a 100 themes drabble collection. I'd like to write both so… yeah. I love this fandom. I've played both, and I would love to write other fics for both games.


…
Anyway, please cast a vote for the Sigma pairing if you want to. I hope you like this story, and I do not own the franchise.




Prologue



Now that they had enough BP, Sigma and Phi planned to leave the facility. However, something had felt… wrong. And it wasn't Luna, nor Sigma's choice to ally with her. They had forgotten about that, at least for the time being. Phi still had a level of distrust for Luna, wherever the girl had gone, and Sigma was a tad worried that Phi was beginning to not trust him. However, said woman looked at him with a raised brow.

"You think we should look for Quark, don't you?"

Phi's eyes were suddenly boring into him, and the two were left in a strange, but not so shocking stare down. Unable to do much else, let alone give a response, he nodded slowly.

"Where do you think he is?"

"I have no idea."

"Helpful," Phi said, sighing, "Well, we should start checking out all the rooms anyway. But we should be careful, because, well, you never know…"

Sigma did not make a sound. He still believed that Luna had not done it, but telling Phi his view on the matter would just lead to a fight, or an awkward silence or even more distrust. The two did not need any more trouble, so none of those options were ideal. He decided to agree with her plan to search the doors together, and said nothing about the matter of the murders and the orange-haired woman who had seemingly committed them.

The two walked side by side until they hit the magenta door, and then started walking single-file. There wasn't much to say, Sigma noted, so he kept his mouth shut. He knew that if he opened it he'd bring up things that they shouldn't talk about.

Somewhere along the line, they had ended up in the green door. There had been much wandering around, and silly, pregnant silences. They had not spoken of Luna since Phi had insinuated that Luna had killed everyone after the AB Game.

Then, she was mentioned again.

"Do you think Luna opened the treatment center?"

Sigma shook his head, "I don't see how she could of. She doesn't have access to the doors or locks or anything."

Phi shrugged. "Just a theory. After all, she'd know this place too well…"

They entered anyway, with Phi expecting to find the woman, and Sigma expecting to find Quark's empty shell. Eventually, after much looking and confusion, they found the boy in the pod. Sigma was surprised, and Phi seemed genuinely shocked as well. What was the most confusing was the missing bracelet.

They didn't have time to solve this mystery, though, and decided to get through the door as soon as possible. When they reached it, however, Sigma felt… awkward. Like they were still missing someone. In fact, they were.

Luna.

It must have been the billionth time Sigma had thought about her, but he was genuinely concerned. She was Luna, and he trusted her too much to let this slide.

"Wait."

"For what? Why should we wait? Let's get out of here already!"

He had no response. He looked at the boy in his arms and passed him to Phi. "Hold on. There's just… something I should do…"

"Sigma!"

Sigma didn't hear her call. He ran towards the green door, and entered the Botanic Garden, not exactly knowing why. It just… seemed right.

"Luna!"

She looked up, a look of slight surprise on her soft features.

"Sigma…" she looked down, unable to meet his gaze.

"Luna, come on! What are you waiting for?! Let's get out of here!"

"But I… I shouldn't… I'm not supposed to…"

"Not supposed to? It's not like you're a robot, Luna! You can get out of here! You're just…"

"Genetically enhanced?"

"Yeah."

"Aren't you frightened? I could have killed the others, you know…"

"No, you couldn't have," Sigma let out a sigh, "I don't believe that. I think there's a better explanation."

Luna blushed slightly, "And what would that be?"

"We can talk about that later! Let's get out of here!"

He didn't give her a chance to respond. He took her hand and pulled her through doors and hallways and the elevator. They were back in the warehouse on Floor A, with Phi waiting by the door. Sigma was surprised she had waited.

"You waited?"

"Well,
of course
I did. I'm not like that."

Phi's eyes landed on Luna. There was a cold silence and Luna looked to the ground out of awkwardness. Phi's gaze was a cold one, after all.

"Well, what do you say? Should we get out?"

They all nodded, except for Luna, who remained still and silent. Sigma ignored it. She would escape with them whether she wanted to or not. He pulled the lever and the announcement came on signaling that the door was open. He nodded at Phi and the two ran through the door, Quark included. Luna looked down but didn't have a chance to say she shouldn't leave or something along those lines because Sigma pulled her through the door before it closed.

It wouldn't matter. They'd figure out who killed who and what went on later. For now, they were escaping and that was all that mattered.



Please place your vote. I think whatever couple wins this will also get a thirty theme challenge or something because I want to write themed things for both of these pairings because I love them both so, so much!



Thanks for reading. Please review.


>