


A/N: Disclaimer: I do not own Pokémon or any of its characters.


Kristine was born about 3 months ago. Oh, let me introduce myself first! I am, eh, I don't really remember my name. People just call me Blye. I am clearly a girl. Anyways, Kristine wasn't any normal girl. She was now 1 month old, I guess. Her mother left her when she was just born and was given to Joy, the nurse in the Pewter City's Pokemon Center. Joy didn't know what to do with her so she kept her as a daughter. She didn't know her real name so she named her "Kristine". Until then, Joy payed close attention to Kristine. Joy was happy, but was really busy with work.

Years passed and Kristine was now 10 years old. She knew that she was raised by Joy and she wasn't her real mother. She set out to find her. She was also going to Professor Oak, the man who raised the 3 starter Pokémon, Squirtle, Charmander, and Bulbasaur. Now we will see what she got.

"What do you want as your starter Pokémon, Kristine?" Asked Professor Oak.

"Charmander!" Yelled Kristine.

"Ehh..." Professor Oak picked up Charmander's Pokeball. Kristine was happy but... the ball was empty. "Sorry, sweetheart, but that one was taken." said Professor Oak. Kristine thought.

"SQUIRTLE!" Yelled Kristine. Professor picked up Squirtle's ball, but again, it was empty. "Seriously?!" Asked Kristine.

"Taken too, sorry." Professor Oak said.

"Is Bulbasaur taken?" Asked Kristine. She needed a Pokemon or else she couldn't do any battles. Professor picked up Bulbasaur's ball, but again, it was empty. "OH C'MON!" Yelled Kristine. "THERE HAS TO BE ONE!" Kristine was steaming up.

"There is one more..." Said Professor Oak. He pressed a button, and a Pokeball came out. "That is our last Pichu; it has 221 happiness points. It didn't evolve yet because I kept it in the ball when I never needed it. It hadn't had a chance to evolve, I guess. 220 is its points to turn to a Pikachu. You see, I was experimenting on it to see what it does. I guess if you really want it, I'll give it to you." Said Professor Oak. "It is just a baby. I gave a Pikachu to a kid named Ash. Take this Pokedex so you can know what Pokemon is which; also' and complete it by finding exciting types of Pokemon!" Professor Oak handed over the ball. Kristine glanced at the lightning bolt that was marked on the ball. "Be careful! That is it's first stage. Next is Pikachu, as I said earlier." Said Professor Oak.

"Thanks!" Yelled Kristine. She then accidentally dropped the ball and a Pichu came out. Kristine was very attracted to it. "AREN'T YOU A CUTIE! I thought these are like, not found here! Only at Johto!" Kristine said with excitement.

"I found it roaming around Kanto." Professor Oak responded. She touched Pichu but it shocked Kristine and Professor Oak. Professor Oak mumbled. "I-it has l-lightning p-powers."

>