


Hey

guys this is my first time writing on this website and I think I'm gonna enjoy this. So this story is about the battle brawlers (bakugan battle brawlers) who are all mostly aged 14 shun and Alice are the exception. This story is about if the whole 'bakugan cards falling from the sky' incident didn't happen and all if the gang (including gandalians, vestels, netheans etc.) lived in the same area (bayview) and attended the same high school (bayview academy). some of the pairings will be DanxRuno, ShunxAlice, BillyxJulie, AcexMira, Renxfabia, joexchan I included MaruchoxOC and BaronxOC(I felt sorry for the dudes). Oh and I DONT own bakugan or any other character or products mentioned in the story. I Do own the OCs and the plot. Rated T for TEEN



Gather Round, it's Story time!



Chapter 1 : first day back to school

bayview, Kuso residence, Dan's room

Dan's pov

*briiiing* The alarm clock rung in my ears as I woke up and looked at the alarm clock, [7:00] "I woke up early today" I mumbled as I stood up and walked to the bathroom. I turned on the tap and washed my face "my hair is really messed up" I thought as I picked up a strand of hair. As I put the strand of hair back into place I noticed I was looking really good, minus the bruises from football, I gave my self a thumbs up and walked out of the bathroom carelessly and put on my usual clothes, some black sneakers, black trousers, a dark blue shirt, and a red jacket over it. As I walked downstairs with a grin as I saw my favourite breakfast, home made hot dog! as I rushed in to grab one of the many , my mom grabbed onto my hand and said "oh no you don't, it's unhealthy for you and anyway there for someone else!" She looked at me harshly "your breakfast is over there" she shouted as she pointed at a cup of orange juice "and hurry up you're getting late!" Orange juice wasn't my favourite juice, or my favourite drink, it wasn't even in the top 50! *sigh* "I guess I have to" as took the glass and pour it down my neck. "Erg!" I shouted while shaking my head. "That was not good!" I thought as I ran out the door with my backpack.

I ran to school and got there at 8:15 am "15 minutes early huh?" Asked a very familiar ninja. *pant* *pant* *pant* I tried to catch my breath desperately, " yeah I guess there's ... a first time ... F-for everything!" I panted while I fell to the ground "hahaha, I guess even Dan has limits!" Said a very rich and short blonde. "You got that right!" I looked up and saw a group of three girls, a bluenet, a very loud silver haired girl, and a redhead Russian, they walked up to me while I was still down. I slowly stood up and said "h-hey guys! How's it goin'?" Still a little out of breath. They all looked at me at said "fine/good/excellent/felt better/mmm". I looked at them with my mouth still open a little while I caught my breath.

when I finally got my breath back we started to walk to our lockers (which were located in the same area by chance) and I asked "which lessons are you guys in?" They all thought for a while "I have English and then P.E" I said (in my school we only have two lessons a day so...) Shun spoke first "I have science and then English" Marucho spoke next. "I have ICT studies and then science, same as Alice" said Marucho as he erased the need for Alice to speak. "Social Studies and French, same as Billy!" Said Julie. Dan then looked at Runo for an answer. *sigh* Runo let out a sigh as she mumbled "same as you Dan, this is going to be an annoying day!" Runo opened her locker and put in her P.E bag for later use. I was surprised at what Runo said! "
payback time
" I thought as I walked up to Runo as she still had her back to me, I put my hands on her waist and span her around. She had her hands by her sides as she looked at me with her eyes wide open, I leaned to her face our lips only centimetres away! "Runo" I said quietly.

Runo's pov

I was about to close my locker when I felt two hands on my hips, who was this? was it HIM? The hands turned me around and as I looked it turns out it was Dan!*sigh of relief* Anyway he was etching closer to my lips! Our lips were only inches away! I looked around to see everyone (all of the school) around us! *blushes* anyway I could feel his breath on my face. I closed my eyes and waited for impact. "Runo" Dan said still getting closer. I then replied "mhm" with a Hugh pitched voice. "You look..." his voice trailed of and I waited for the second part of his sentence.

Julie's pov


"oh my god! Runo and Dan are finally gonna kiss! Where is my camera?"
I pulled out my phone and ran to the side of them while Dan was leaning in. "Runo" mumbled Dan still getting closer to Runu *squel* I looked around me with my phone still pointing Dan and Runo. The whole school was gathering around.

Alice's pov

I knew Dan had a thing for Runo! I mean I always told Runo about why he protected her when the fan boys came along...

Marucho's pov

what? Dan is kissing Runo? I can't believe it! I mean after all of their arguing it turns out they love each other? Whaaaaaaaaaa!

Shun's pov

*blank*

julie's pov

I still had my camera in hand recording the action. "Mhm" said runo while blushing a little. "You look..." said Dan getting closer slowly "like You always do! I mean why don't you ever change your look?" he snorted while pushing back and laughing while putting his hands up.

Dan's pov


"Time to make a break for it!"
I thought as I ran frantically around the school. I took a left turn as I heard Runo's footsteps getting closer to me. "DAN KUSO, GET BACK HERE AND LET ME RIP YOUR HEAD OFF!" I heard Runo shout, I chuckled and then I heard the principal's voice around the corner! "Oh no!" I thought as I turned around and ran straight for Runo, ducked her fists and picked her up from the waist and legs. "WHAT ARE YOU DOING?" She shouted over my shoulder almost making my ears explode! "principle, behind us!" she looked over my shoulder and saw the principal with his head down. "He still hasn't seen us! Turn now!" She said in a low voice and I did as she said and ran straight for class.

Before we entered the class I put her down and listened to what she had to say. "You almost got us excluded! if he saw us we would have been done for!" she shouted with an annoyed expression "but we didn't and thanks for picking me up at the right time!" She said with a smile, and before I knew it she leaned in and pecked my on the Cheek! *blushes* we walked into class just seconds early! "8:29 huh! You just made it. Kuso, Misashi! Take a seat!" Said Mrs. Shik. there were only two empty seats left in the class which were next to each other as everyone was earlier than us. So I took the one next to the window and Runo took the one on my left and the lesson started.

"Creative writing is all about imagination and..." I dozed of because the lesson was really boring and needed the energy for p.e. '30 minutes later' I was awakened by someone with a hand on my shoulder and a voice saying "wake up its time for the assessment!" I woke up immediately and started to shake "oh yeah the assessment, I doomed" I mumbled still shivering, as I looked at Runo while she looked at her desk, I looked back at my desk still shivering. The assessment was going to be that we had to write a imaginative story and we had last week's holiday to prepare for it. Runo looked at me and shook my shoulder, when I looked she gave me a comforting smile! It truly was comforting. I smiled back in the favour. Anyway Mrs. Shik handed out the lined pieces of paper and Runo whispered "good luck!" I nodded my head while Mrs Shik said "please can you put your : name, age, registration group and registration teachers name on the top of the paper and then get on with the story, you have 2 hours to write!" I did as I was told and got started.

'2 hours later'*briiing* the lesson ended and we handed in our assessments. "How did it go?" Asked runo with a smile while we both got up. "Umm... Good I guess, how about you?" I shrugged as we walked to our lockers and took out our bags. "Erm, I guess it was fine for me".

Runo's pov

As we walk to the dining hall I saw Bella Nicki (my arch enemy) with her 'rich' friends -.- (Marucho could buy all of their parents properties with
just one percent of allowance!)
they are also known as the Dan fan girls,anyway I pulled Dan back into the janitors closet to avoid attention and locked the door, it was awkward but we were out of sight. Dan , being really stupid, started to blush and twiddled his thumbs "Runo, you know we're too young for this?" He said while blushing wildly. I looked at him in confusion and realised what he meant!" Idiot! I dragged you in here because I saw your fan girls" I whisper-shouted while punching him on the head. Dan strocked his hair and looked at me confused and he blushed out of embarrassment!

when the coast was clear I pulled Dan out and we ran to the dining hall.

Dan's pov

When runo pulled me into the closet I thought for sure she was going to, you know do THAT thing with me! Until I said that we were to young and she said that she was hiding me from my fan girls, which made sense... I mean it's not like I wanted to or anything... Anyway we sat in the closet for a few minutes with an awkward silence in between us until Runo opened the door and peeked out to take a look. I stood behind her and realised that I was accidentally touching her รก$$! I pulled away and hope she hadn't noticed. Anyway when we ran out towards the dining hall when Julie caught up with us and asked me with a stupid smirk "So how was the almost kiss Daaaan?" she giggled as Runo gave her the death stare and I blushed out of embarrassment.

We walked through the dining hall door as we saw the gang (Shun,Marucho,Alice,billy,baron,Mira) sitting around a table as crowds of fan girls gathered for Shun around him and crowds of lover boys gathered around for Alice and Mira. as we got closer I decided to get rid of the fans , so I shouted "HEY MUSTIN BLEIBER IS PERFORMING IN THE LIBRARY!" As Runo also had a bright idea to get the boys away "HEY LOOK MEGAN TOX IS IN THE SCIENCE LABS!" We all waited and saw every single boy or girl inside the dining hall run to the library or the science labs.

Runo took a seat next to me and Alice while julie next to billy. "Well that was easy" I said as every one started to laugh hysterically (except for shun). "Anyway, what's going on guys?" I looked around as I saw everyone look towards Runo and me. "Because of the kissing prank you pulled on Runo even more girls have come to me because they think you are no longer an option!" Shun said with his eyes closed. "And because the boys think that Runo is with Dan and most of the boys being 'scared' of Dan, more boys have come to me and Alice! It's even more frustrating!" Mira said while looking at someone across the room, it was a boy who had shoulder length green hair and grey eyes, he was the only guy who didn't get tricked (not counting Shun, Baron and Marucho). "You guys are such complainers" said baron while looking at a pink haired girl who had pink eyes who was across the room (OC) " I mean, I would love to have fan girls around
me
all the time!" Everyone on the table fell flat on their face anime-style! When everyone got back to being conscious they realised that some very annoyed people had already started to come back from the science labs and the library. "Um guys I think it's time to run!" I said and with that Shun flashed out, billy ran out with Julie, Alice with Marucho, Baron and Mira went their separate ways while I ran out with Runo.

Runo and I ran until. We got to the P.E changing rooms and then : *briiiiiiing* the lunch ended and we got changed into our P.E clothes, and went to the sports hall. I was wearing red and yellow nike trainers, yellow shorts, a red t-shirt and a red sports under layer. As I looked at Runo I noticed she was wearing white tennis trainers, a light yellow skirt and a plain white t-shirt. She looked at me looking at her and gave me a confused look.

Runo's pov

As I walked to the sports hall with Dan I noticed he was staring at my skirt! That perv! I looked at him with a confused look and he just opened the door to the sports hall. I walked to miss. Bisbal who was a teacher who had just transferred to bayview from Spain as she talked about how our normal teacher Mrs. Alexander wasn't in and we had no other lady teachers (as miss. Bisbal was a student well-fare officer) and we had to do whatever the boys were doing... This is gonna be a drag. *sigh* as we walked to the male teacher Mr. Robinson we heard him say "right guys we are going to sharing the pitch with the girls, whatever we are going to do. so vote on what to do! Put your hands up for hockey!" *7/32 students put their hands up* "right, for tennis?" *5/32* " aaaand for football (soccer)" *20/32 mostly boys* "so it's clear, were gonna be doing football!" The teacher grabbed the balls and sports bibs as the class walked out side. I caught up to Dan and gave him a smile. Dan smiled and said "don't worry I'll pick you on my team and you won't get hurt that way!" A gave him another smile as he held my hand, I felt safe around him, I blushed a little and everyone started to stare.

When we got to the pitch the coach chose the captains "Dan kuso, Richard Parker, Shin Lee, Alberto Moreno, on the blue line rest on you white line, boys 4 teams of 8, Kuso you pick first, Alberto you choose last!" Dan knew who he was choosing first he looked at me and pointed, "Runo Misashi" he said and I walked behind him and whispered. "thanks" I saw him look back over his shoulder and smiled. The coach along with everyone else looked at us and shook their heads. Richard Parker chose Mathew Johnson, Shin lee chose Usman Khan, Alberto Moreno chose John Mathews, and this went on until on my team we had Randal Mayfield, Justin Halflake, Rose Nicholas, Emily Baker, Jake Davies and zhenab Nadeem on our team. All of the girls looked at Dan sheepishly.

Dan went in defence and placed me in midfield as midfield was the less aggressive zone. My hands started to shiver and I felt really cold. I decided to put my game face on and start to play aggressive. Most of the chances that came to me I took the ball and shot the ball straight forward, "Runo!" I looked back and heard Dan say. "Come back in defence!" I did as I was told and came in line with Dan

Dan's pov

"
Runo's a really good tackler
!" I thought. "Runo! Come back in defence!" I said and she ran back. I looked at her shivering hands in shock! I gave her a why-didn't-you-just-tell-me look as I took my gloves off and gave them to her "next time just ask" I said as I put my game face back on. The score was 3-2 and we were winning but when the other teams most aggressive guy (Luke Harper) made an attack it caused problems. Luke tore the midfield and still had the ball at his feet he headed straight for me, I took caution with my steps, he ran towards me but when we had a distance of 3 meters between us he took a right turn for Runo! I ran towards Runo who was aggressive as always but Luke was even more aggressive! He chipped the ball in front of Runo, *slo-mo time* Runo looked at the ball that was in the air as Luke lifted his foot took kick the ball or Runo's arm! I ran as fast as I could (in slo-motion of course), but Luke's foot hit Runo's right arm as I jumped with my left foot and lifted my knees to hit Luke's leg! *slow-mo end*.

Runo held her arm and fell to the ground, while I fell back first onto the astro-turf. I stood up and looked at Runo who was in pain! The ball rolled out of play and I ran to Runo who lay down In pain. "RUNO!" I screamed as I lay her head on my lap. "Are you ok Runo?" I asked frantically while looked at her arm. "I-I'm f-fine I can carry on!" She said reluctantly as she tried to stand up letting out small groans of pain, she had a tear in her eye! "hey look at the boyfriend helping his sl*ty girlfriend" laughed Luke Harper. I looked at him with a death glare, I looked back at Runo and kissed her forhead and said "i'll be back" I lay her head down slowly onto the astro turf as she let out a groan. I stood up and walked towards Luke Harper while the other girls tended to Runo, I looked into his eyes and shouted "nobody in hell! Calls Runo a sl*t!" I shouted while pulling arm back as I let out a scream and punched him straight in the face! "
That felt good!"
I thought as Luke stood back up and threw a fist at me, I blocked it with my left hand and kicked him behind the leg causing him to fall down backwards. I walked away with a smirk and bent down and placed Runo's right arm over her stomach and lifted her up bridal style, I was carrying her of the pitch as I felt Runo's head burying it self into my chest, "thank you!" She wept "I would do anything for you kid" I said as I felt my shirt get wet. I then kissed Runo's forehead and carried on walking off the pitch.

I opened the nurse's office door and said "Nurse, I think it's a broken arm" the Nurse looked at me like I committed a crime. After a few silent seconds she pointed at the bed "lay her down there" I did as I was told an laid her down and sat down beside her. The nurse checked Runo's arm as I held her left hand she let out small Groans of pain. She would tighten her grip every time something hurt. "A bandage will do" the nurse said. I was really relieved there was no serious injury! I lifted Runo with her arm over my shoulder and my hand around her waist. We walked towards the pitch as I saw Mr. Robison walk up to us and ask "you ok?" I looked at Runo and then back at him and said "she's fine just a minor injury" I said as Runo looked at me with a smile. The coach slowly turned around and said "well you two don't have to come back to the pitch if you don't want to" as he walked away Runo lay her head on my shoulder shoulder and then with a weary voice "pick me up like you did before?" She said. I realised she wasn't taking no for an answer, so I did as she said,"your wish Is my command" i said as I picked Runo up bridal style, she wrapped her hands around my neck And buried her head into my chest.

NARRATORS POV

*briiiiiiing* After 20 minutes of just holding Runo and just walking around the sports area the bell finally rung and Dan said "Runo, it's time to get down now" in a sing-song voice, after 30 seconds with no answer he realised she was asleep! He decided he was going to tickle her as she was really ticklish, he put her on her feet and put her arms around his neck for support and started tickling Runo behind her back. He heard laughter and then some sequels until she finally spoke "stop,*giggle* stop,*giggle* stop I can't breath" Runo panted as Dan heard the door leading to the pitch open *crack* *crack* *crack* *crack* they heard some soccer trainers walking towards them. they looked and saw Luke Harper running towards them shouting "Dan I'm gonna kill you!", Dan quickly sat Runo down on the floor before running towards Luke Harper and and delivering a thunderous punch to his face which knocked him straight out! A crowd gathered around Luke's unconscious body as Dan spat at Luke and then walked back to Runo, picked her up and walked her to the changing rooms.

After they got changed Dan and Runo walked to the gang who had heard rumours about Dan 'saving' Runo from Luke Harper, Dan and Runo blushed and looked at each other as Julie said "I knew there was something between you guys! I just knew it" like an idiot, Runo gave julie the death glare and Julie backed off with a sweat drop. "Anyway, I don't think anyone but you and Shun have ever stood up to Luke Harper, and I think it was a brave step towards anti-bullying" said Marucho. Just after Marucho stop talking Julie squealed "and
love,
I think we should throw a party to celebrate!" Everyone looked at her in shock Runo kept her anger hidden as best as possible. "No Julie we shouldn't celebrate that besides Runo's birthday is coming up so we can celebrate that instead!" Alice said with a grin. Everyone looked at Runo and waited For an answer. "I-I don't normally celebrate birthdays-" she was cut of by dan. "Aww come on Runo! It'll be fun!" Runo looked at the excitement in Everyone's eyes and then said "well ok then! We'll have the party at my apartment..." She sighed as the gang cheered and laughed as they walked home.



Was that a good ending to the first chapter? (let me know please) Please tell me about the punctuation and grammar mistakes! R&amp;R;! Constructive criticism please! Keep the comment section clean! Also if you have any requests on the plot or the pairings or characters to add on please let me know!



BTW! I think the next chapter will be more ShunxAlice



Shortcut456 out! *salute*


>