


Hi, ermmmm... Hi... This is chapter 10, I'll (try to) upload a chapter every month. This is going to be a long chapter hopefully. I also decided to change the Runo R*** thing to Runo being beaten up, as it just did feel right for Runo, also because it was inappropriate. "I'll have it the way I've always had it, the hard way" - John Cena.



On with the story!




Narrators POV, Wednesday AM, Bayview, Bayview Academy, P.E, Ace, Mira, Marucho, Baron, Katie


Marucho stood in awe, his mouth gaping, his eyes wide, his brain still trying to process what had just happened (which doesn't happen very often). Ace had just systematically destroyed the opponents attack sequence, without breaking a sweat. Everyone patted Ace on the back while he laughed it off. Tyrone placed the ball in the goal kick position while everyone else started to move back to their positions. He acted as if he was going to kick it all the way to the other side of the pitch but at the last moment he slowed down his kick and lightly passed the ball to Ace, Tyrone's amazing ball control was also another reason why he was a top goal-keeper in the school. Ace analysed the situation he was in, he himself was a right-back, which meant there were 2 people from his team to the left of him (Baron and Mira) there were 2 attackers heading towards him to tackle him, and 2 defenders roughly 10 metres behind them. He decided to dribble past one of the attackers and pass to Mira when the other one tried to tackle him. He executed this perfectly, once Mira had the ball she herself took it past one attacker and passed the ball to Baron when a defender came rushing in, she jumped over him as he was attempting a slide tackle which failed horribly as he took down one of his own team mates. Baron received the ball and barely managed to control it, as Mira put a lot of power into her pass. Baron passed to Katie past a defender, Katie took the ball past a defender and passed to Marrucho who panicked and shot randomly at the net, the shot would have missed if Rahul hadn't stepped in and directed the ball towards the bottom left corner of the net, scoring for his team. Ace's team cheered while the other team frowned. The match need in a 6 - 0 win for Ace's team.

Ace's team then had to play Natsu Dragneel's team. Natsu Dragneel was the top midfield player in the school. Ace found it hard to play against him because of his quickness. They were one of the top rivals in the school. However Natsu only considered Dan, Gray and Yoh his true rivals. Ace's team kept Natsu's team at bay for most of the game but Lucy from Natsu's team kicked the ball into the opponents net with her famous 'Lucy Kick'. This made Ace's team lose 1 - 0. Ace's team went on to win 3 matches losing to Juvia's team.

When they got back into school they heard whispers, they couldn't make out what they were saying but they
could
hear the words "Dan...Fight...Kevin...Today!" Ace was shocked. He ran to where he presumed the fight would go down : The school playground. The others followed him. He eventually got there and saw Dan, Runo, Ren, Fabia, Julie and billy stood facing the 'Faceless boys' (as they always had their hoods up) who consisted of scumbags, the biggest scumbag in their little group was Kevin Nash. "Kevin, i told you to leave Runo alone!" Dan said, walking towards Kevin. Kevin looked up at him with careless eyes. "Who are you to tell me what to do, F*ck boy?!" Asked Kevin, standing up from the broken wooden chair he called his 'throne'. "I am the one who will take your so called throne and ruin your reputation as 'king of the jungle'". Dan said, angrily. "Then bring it on!" Said Kevin , getting into a kung-fu pose. Ace stopped Dan from getting any closer to Kevin "Get of off me Ace!" Said Dan. "Kevin, if you want a fight come to the 'Pain and Gainers Gym' tomorrow at 6 p.m, Shun!" He shouted signaling for him to get the group out of there.

The group got to the classroom the called the Brawlers HQ. Shun and Ace stood at the front of the classroom while everybody else sat down. "Dan, what did he d-" Ace was cut of. "He threatened Runo with a knife, thats what!" Dan said, Angrily. Ace and Shun gave each other an uncomfortable look. "Then, your actions are justifiable. *Knock* *Knock* Everybody turned to at the door, Shun opened the door. "Yo, were FairyTail, and we suport what you guys are doing against the Faceless boys!" Said Natsu, with everyone else nodding behind him. Dan looked a bit confused. NATSU Dragneel, the Salmander, helping out Dan Kuso, his bitterist rival? how can this be? "Kevin tried to hit on Lucy the other day, I'm gonna kill him!" said Natsu, still smiling, Lucy punched Natsu on the head Angrily "Idiot!" She said. "We dont want to kill him, just teach him a lesson." She said calmly. Runo looked at Lucy, who stared back. "Sure, as long as Dan can hold Natsu back or Vice-Versa, if necessary." She said. Lucy gave her a nod andFairyTail walked in and started having a discussion with the Brawlers.


So, chapter 10 done!

Shortcut456 out!

*Salute*

>