



WARNINGS
: not really anything to warn about in this chapter, except abuse



ohhh &amp; UNRELATED!WINCEST




DISCLAIMER
: not mine, no beta






Fall of Darkness




AU





Prologue




I had this idea spooking around in the depths of my mind ... about an
AU
(yet again) ... because there's no other way for me to get Dean &amp; Sam together in more than a brotherly way.

The facts about the
Supernatural-Universe
i am about to create:

People know about monsters, they know about hunters. Hell, they feel a whole lot safer when a hunter is around (more than a cop). In this universe, the states are called properties. Hunters get paid for their accomplishments per hunt from the properties themselves. Lets say, those women and men are nothing more than bond-enforcement-agents.

Hunters have a special status in the community, since they're the only ones that know how to deal with supernatural beings. They're renowned and feared by civilians and most of them wouldn't even try and mess with a hunter.

There's a law that depends on the property-rulers, wich says that every owner of a motel has to have always a place for a hunter. Even if he might not be able to pay for his stay. Further there are special appartements for the ones who practice hunting. Lower rent, more comfort (depends on how much the hunter wants to pay) and of course the basements of these complexes where hunters can build up some kind of home. These basements ... cruel places, well protected against every kind of evil that lingers out there in the dark, either from breaking in ...
or breaking out
. These are places where every scream, every kind of agony gets swallowed by thick walls and insulating material. No one would ever dare to ask where the dried blood and the other body liquids come from that are mustering the surfaces.


Dean Winchester lives in one of these appartements. A small one. Scratch that.
A tiny one
. When you enter the apartment (what's the understatement of the century), you're right there in the kitchen-living-bedroom. The only separated "room" that's more like an alcove with a shower-curtain is right beside a giant king-size-bed. Probably the only damn thing in the appartement that has cost more than two hundred dollars.

So yes, Dean Winchester enjoys long cosy sleeps on silken sheets – at least then, when he decides to take one or two days off from work to get back into his appartement. To enjoy some company during cold and lonely nights. And no, not anyone (not that he would've to pay for it – no way. - But he's not so much into the whole binding-crap) ... he's got special ones for those times ... ordered from a special service for special people. Her name's Lola and she has a slight asian touch. If you watch her closer, and if you pay attention to her accent you'd notice. The other one who joins them on occasion is more into the dirty stuff. And when i say dirty stuff, i mean REAL DIRTY stuff .. or when Dean Winchester just feels the need of needing more than one girl a night.

Dean Winchesters life is simple: drive his baby (a slick-black '67 Chevy Impala), hunting things (he's THE demon hunter. No one's better at this as the HIM. - Though he hunts other things too on occasion ... but he gets called for Demon-Problems and possessions mainly.), drinking blue label whiskey, eating (bacon-cheeseburger and pie), sleeping and having sex with Lola (and the
other one
).


There's this boy ... actually he's more of a grown up young man. He's used to the darkness. He's used to be starving. He's used to be thirsty and he's used to be used. He doesn't remember a lot since they have taken him. Well, he was just a toddler he thinks, when they had come for him.

He doesn't even remember what it is like to be loved. At least not the way children should be loved, the way mothers are supposed to care about their kids. The young man knows and remembers what he had called a mother was nothing more as the black-eyed beasts that own him now. This woman, that wasn't his mother - since he is able to remember a blonde, blue-eyed angel thru the vail of oblivion - was nothing more and nothing less than a
demon
.

This black-eyed beast had taken him away.
THEY
had taken him away from his real mother, from what was home.

There were nice moments ... As long as the black-eyed beast was nice to him. As long as he did what she told him to do. Then ... when he was supposed to do something DIFFERENT for her, nothing was OK anymore. Back there he didn't want to hurt people. He didn't want to hurt the men and women that are supposed to save others from the black-eyed beasts tortures.

It happened when he turned eight or nine. Sam isn't able to remember it that clearly. Things changed drastically and fast. From a soft bed into the dark basement. From the comforting caressing of a black-eyed beasts hand to the beatings and bindings he has to suffer since back then.

It is hard not to lose hope and faith. But now ... now things would change. He and the other both, whose screams he hears every night, who he sees every time they take him out of his cell to make him do things he doesn't want to think about. He and those two others would be freed soon. And if it is thru the hands of death it would be alright. Because he would be free. Free for the first time in his damned life in the darkness.


... to be continued





so ladies &amp; gents ... what do you think about the prologue? Worth to continue?




leave me some?




BACON BACON BACON BACON BACON BACON BACON



>