



WELCOME TO THE LAST CHAPTER, LADIES &amp; GENTS!





!THANK YOU FOR READING!




previously on


bruisedbloodybroken


aka

The Road So Far

:


That was when the hunter sucked in a wheezing gasp and his eyes snapped open. Clear ocean-green eyes stared ahead, blinking and trying to focus. Trying to regain control over his racing mind and his limps. But no such luck. His mind may followed his orders, but his body denied him any kind of obedience.

He was damned to listen to rambling, heavy footfalls, agonized cries and yells and then all of a sudden everything fell silent. The hunter strained his ears, while he was unable to move. His heart pounded against his ribcage violently as he tried to make something out.

And then there was a muffled thump from the other side of the door, like something slumped against it. Breath caught in his throat and a threatening panic caught him.

„Sam.", he croaked out, carried on an exhale before darkness took him away again.





Fall Of Darkness







Chapter 33 ~ From Monsters And Hunters




Ellen's phone erupted in her hands and she opened the text-message. „Two minutes, thirty seconds from now on.", she stated and shared a look with Caleb who sat behind the driver's seat of the ambulance and with Pastor Jim who lurked out of the small window into the driver's area from the back.

Two minutes and thirty seconds that felt like an eternity.

The hunters grabbed their weapons and tried to prepare themselves mentally for their task at hand.

Ellen stared at the watch on her wrist, the door handle from the ambulance in her other hand. Ready to burst it open. So were the others.

After exactly two minutes and twenty-eight seconds they left the ambulance, wich was parked around the corner of the convent, heading to the entrance on the back. Making their way inside and across barely alive or already dead hosts. They followed Sam's instructions to their destination, unbothered by demons since they all seemed to be gone. Though, Sam had taken care of most of the demons or even all of them in the building, they stayed high alert.

Finally they stood in front of a heavy double-door on the second floor of the holy building. A death-pale host slumped against the door, its eyes wide open in horror.

The three of them shared a look before they tugged it away and burst the door open with their feet, their weapons aimed. Glad that there was nothing visible to fight in the room, they went inside, their looks immediately landing on the crumbled form on the floor.

Ellen was with two long strides at the man's side and fell to her knees, feeling the human's neck for signs of life. With a relieved sigh, she nodded towards her friends. „Lets get him out of here, guys.", she said calmly.

Ellen laid her hand on the young hunter's shoulder and turned him onto his back. He was pale and his breaths shallow. Though he didn't look as bad as she thought he would. Most possessed people – at least those who were trapped inside their mind for so long – were barely breathing on their own and hypothermic after the demon left. Hell, they mostly had internal injuries and bleedings and were already too far gone.

But whatever Sam had done – Dean's breathing might seemed shallow but his pulse was strong, his body warm … just like he was asleep.

The both hunters carried him outside of the building, while Ellen covered them in case that there was still a demon left to kill. But there were none. Not even a single one …

When they had settled the hunter in the back of the ambulance on a stretcher, Ellen climbed behind the wheel, while the other two men got out of the car again. Caleb went towards the driver's side and looked thru the open window into a pair of pleading eyes.

„Call me when you found him.", she said and keyed the ignition. Her words were filled with hope and though with fear.

Caleb nodded and the both hunters watched the ambulance drive away, before they went back inside the building to examine it properly. They needed to find Sam. Needed to get him out of there and get him the help he needed, if he needed help.

So Caleb drew his phone and dialed Sam's number over and over again, while they made their way thru the first floor of the convent …

… one hour later and one floor higher, they were making their way thru one of the corridors of the convent, they had still no lead on Sam's whereabout. They had reached the end of the hall, when they suddenly heard a muffled ringing. The both hunters stopped in their tracks and shared a glance before they strained their ears to locate where the noise came from. The call went to mailbox and the ringing stopped. So Caleb tried it once again.

Both of them shared confused looks and looked towards the high colorful windows to their left.


He flooded thru the darkness and haze. There was no time, no body that held him. And he was alone. Something gnawed at the back of his mind. Something that wanted him to leave the darkness. Yet he couldn't tell what it was. But he was
close
.
Close to remember.


The first thing was that he was able to hear. A steady beeping noise and muffled voices. Then he started to feel the softness of fabric against his skin and something holding him. It took him long to realize what was holding him – what was holding his hand and rubbing circles into the back of his hand.

The second thing he got aware of was, that he felt warm and comfortable. Though it seemed like something wasn't quiet right. The fabric that covered his body didn't feel right and the hand that was holding his wasn't the one he had hoped for.

He had to wake up. Had to open his eyes and
see
.


„
Sam
.", barely hearable, less than a whisper, the name fell from his lips.

The hunter's eyes fluttered open slowly and blurry surroundings appeared in front of him. His fingers twitched and he felt the hand – covering his – moving away. A face appeared above him. Long blonde hair and green-brown eyes hovered over him. Lips moving. Though her words didn't make sense at the moment.

„
Sam
.", he repeated, this time stronger.

His mouth and throat felt dry and the beeping noise increased slightly.

The woman above him talked again and he felt a hand on his shoulder. Still … he knew he should know her, but wasn't quiet sure who she was.


„It's okay, hon.", the huntress tried to soothe him, watching the distressed man concerned. „Sam's going to be okay. So are you. - Just stay put. I'll get the doc."

„
Sam
.", he said again, obviously not giving a crap about what Ellen tried to tell him.

She sighed and stayed still. The kid was lucky. Damn lucky to get away with nothing more than being out of it and a minor dehydration. It was nearly unbelievable after such a long time …

Dean guided his shaky hand up to his head and brushed over his eyes, squeezing them shut. Sure as hell he was tired and didn't want anything more than going back to sleep. But he wouldn't. Not until he knew that Sam was okay. Not until he had been able to see him.

Slowly his vision started to clear and the woman's words started to make sense. He smacked his dry lips and tongue and a moment later something cold and wet touched his lips – crushed ice. The hunter allowed to be feed a couple of ice chips with a spoon before his head sank back on the pillow with a low groan.

„Ellen?", he asked. His voice sounded somehow foreign to himself. Hoarse and raw like he had been screeming for hours.

„There you go, boy." She smiled and put the cup aside. „Nice to have you back."

A weak smile crossed the hunter's face. „Where's Sam?"

Ellen's forehead creased and she pressed her lips together. „He's save. - Don't you worry about him right now."

She earned one of the famous Winchester-glares for her words as soon as she had finished her sentence. „How long?"

„About twenty-one hours if you're asking since when you're in hospital. - Close to seven months if you wanna know how long you've been possessed.", she answered in honest.

The hunter sighed and closed his eyes for a brief second. „Take me to him ...", he muttered.

The huntress cocked both eyebrows. „He's going to be okay. - He wouldn't want you to leave too soon, kid."

„Take me to
Sam
.", he repeated and bolted up, regretting the harsh movement in an instant.

Ellen laid an arm around his shoulder and held him. „Dean. - You need rest and sleep. - There's no way you can leave this bed right now."

„Am I going to die if I do so?", he asked, a stern expression on his face.

She shook her head and sighed deeply. „No. - The doc said you're dehydrated and that you've a minor concussion probably. That the possession surely left its signs and that you'll be weak for a couple of weeks probably. Your heart rate's too slow, though your CTG didn't show any signs that your heart wouldn't work properly … You're not supposed to be on your feet right now – neither a three-hours drive would do you any favors, son."

„First.", Dean's hands held on the mattress for support, „If Sam'd be okay he'd be here." He shot the huntress a glare. „Second:
Watch me
. - I'll get the AMA papers all by myself and I'll be damned if I'm not able to find a car to hot-wire on the damn parking lot out there. - Damn it. I'm gonna wheel all the way to Bobby's in a wheelchair, if you're not taking me!" He was panting, a thin layer of sweat forming on his forehead. „So … are we going to do it the easy way? Or the hard one?"

„Wait.", she said, her gaze dropped to the white covers of the bed. „I should tell you something before we get your papers and prescriptions, hon ...", Ellen continued hesitantly, „It's … it's about Sam ..."

Dean's eyes widened in horror. „
No
.", he breathed.

She didn't look up for a long time, nor continued to speak.

„What is it, Ellen?" The worst scenarios played along in his mind. Probably Sam had tried to rip the knight out of him … and …
NO
, there was no way he'd be that stupid.

„We don't know how he got the knight out of you, but he did. - And then … We don't know what happened after that. - It looked like he got into a hand-to-hand fight … Sam probably tried to clean the convent out. - Making it safe for us to get in and out again without any effort ..." The huntress' forehead creased into a deep frown. „Caleb and Jim found him over an hour later after we got you out … so ..." Ellen blinked and looked up into terrified emerald-green circles. „There's nothing you can do for him right now, Dean. - It wouldn't make sense to lose the both of you ..."

Dean growled – he growled like an animal. Then his eyes darkened. „What's supposed to mean losing the both of us?" His eyes grew wilder and darker with concern and desperation. „Weren't you with him?"

The huntress shook her head in embarrassment. A sudden emotion of guilt rose up her throat. „He didn't want us to … He … he changed, Dean. - He went in there alone and we thought it's better – for whatever he had planned – not to follow him inside before he gave us the sign." Ellen tore his gaze away from the even further paling hunter and looked to the ground. „Jim said he thinks that Sam used his abilities big-style. - That was why he didn't want us in there … because he would've killed us too ..."

Dean swallowed hard, tears stinging in his eyes. „How's Sam? Where's he?" His voice small and desperate. „Ellen?"

„He's at the Salvage … with Bobby, Caleb and Amelia. - And … I don't know how Sam is … they didn't call yet. I just know what I already told ya'." She reached for Dean's hand and took it in hers, squeezing it gently. „I just know, that he's in bad shape …"

The hunter looked aside and closed his eyes for a moment. Thinking of what Sam would've been ready to give to save him from the knight and being held as a prisoner in his own body and mind. He high likely would've done
everything
… would give
everything
– and that was something Dean was scared of.

„I'll get you the damn papers. - Now go and lay back down before I change my mind.", she grumbled and tore Dean away from his thoughts.


Two hours into the drive, she stopped at a gas station and picked up Gatorade, protein bars and O
h Henry's
.

Dean had made himself comfortable on the backseat of the woman's pick-up-truck, covered with a blanket since he was cold, even when they had 59°F. Ellen had said that it were the side-effects of the possession that he'd probably feel for a longer time.

She glanced into the rearview mirror when she got back behind the steering wheel and tossed a bottle with blue liquid into the backseat and two protein bars, obviously not caring that she hit the hunter's lap HARD with it.

„Hey!", he yelped and grabbed for the Gatorade.

„You wanna play tough? Then be tough and don't whine.", She glared at him now with his mother-look and cocked an eyebrow. „Drink and eat. - No matter in what shape Sam might be when we arrive at Bobby's. - I'm damn sure he doesn't need you there, just to pass out on us ..."

Dean just nodded and followed the woman's instructions. Because he knew she was right. If he'd pass out he wasn't able to see Sam. Wasn't able to feel him close again. Wasn't able to help him with whatever he needed help for.

Besides: Dean knew – how bad Sam's shape might was - he'd pull thru. He had always pulled thru and he wouldn't stop now. Not when he'd know that Dean was with him. Not when he'd try to talk to him, showing him that he'd wait for him.

So he pulled himself up and inched back, until his back was flush with the door of the back-seat. He tried to shove his bad thoughts aside – just for once. Dean had to stay focused, had to stay alert (as much as possible) and had to have faith into Sam.


Caleb stood on the other side of the room in the corner and watched Amelia doing her thing on the injured man. Sam had only woken once, and that just to ask for
Dean
. And when he told him, that Dean was alright and already in the hospital he wanted him to be in, Sam had just smiled.
Just smiled.
And drifted off into unconsciousness again. And Caleb asked himself how this could be fair.

Sam was probably going to die. Attached to the CTG monitor and a clip on his index-finger that showed the saturation of oxygen in the young man's blood. He remained as he was when they had found him. Hanging with a rope – that was twisted around Sam's ankle – head down from a window of the third floor. His clothes were soaked in the blood of others and his own. And when they have gotten him down, they thought he was already dead.

But Sam had been lucky. Wouldn't have it been for the rope, Sam would've hit the ground - unprotected. Falling three floors, head down from a building onto the concrete was definitely lethal.

The stab-wound in his side was high likely the smallest of his problems at the moment – at least Amelia had said so. Expelling that many demons in one go had drained the younger man out. Had cost him the last of his reserves. Reserves his body would've needed to heal. So Amelia had admitted that it was pretty much of touch and go for god who knew how long.


After about another hour of complaining about Ellen's slow style of driving her pick-up down the highway, they finally pulled down the road about a mile away from Sioux Falls. Ten other minutes they finally reached the Salvage.

Ellen hadn't even gotten the car to a hold, when the door on the backside flew open and Dean staggered out of the vehicle, catching himself before he toppled over. The hunter was on the porch as fast as his legs were able to carry him. Without hesitation he slammed the front door open and his look darted towards the stairs.

He ignored Bobby, who had pointed a loaded shotgun in his direction at first. He oversaw Pastor Jim, who stopped in his tracks int he kitchen's doorway and a completely shocked Caleb, who was making his way down the stairs, as he passed him quickly.

When Dean finally reached his destination he was panting, his legs wobbly and a thin layer of cool sweat covered his skin from tip to toe. He laid his hand on the handle of the door that led him streight into the room that was meant to be his and Sam's. And bad memories made their way back into his mind, as he remembered the last time he had been in a similar situation.

When they had gotten away from the cabin in the woods. - When Sam had nearly died in his arms after he had been such a jackass. And now he was here –
again
. The circumstances were different ones, but though … after such a long time … going to see the love of his life again … in god knew what state he was in …

Dean swallowed around the lump in his throat and held back the tears that were building up in his eyes. Whatever Sam had done … it had been bad enough that they needed Amelia. He closed his eyes and the muffled sounds of beeps made their way thru the door.

„Sammy.", he whispered with closed eyes and pushed the handle down. The door sealed open and he blinked into the room.

A choked sob left his throat as he took in the room –
their room
. Everything looked like it was supposed to be. Except the two monitors beside their bed. „
Sammy
.", he whispered again and his knees threatened to give out under him.

From where he stood he was able to see a dark bruise on the younger man's forehead and temple and a couple of small cuts on his face and right forearm. It looked like he got thrown thru a window. Or he had jumped thru a window. Sam's right leg was propped up slightly and his hands rested above the covers on his belly.

Another sob made its way up the hunter's body as he took a step into the room. And then – he didn't even remember how – the next moment he was standing beside the bed. Watching the labored rise and fall of Sam's chest and the way-too-slow beeping of the machine beside him.

Just then he realized the lean woman with curled dark hair and big darkened eyes looking at him. A sad smile formed on her lips and she leaned forward.

He looked at her questioning, but she remained silent for another while. Just the beeping of the screen broke the silence. She stood up and walked to Sam's side, gazing at the screen above her head. Then she reached out and pushed one of the buttons and with that the machine fell silent.

Then Dean watched her, as she removed the pads from Sam's chest and the clip from his finger and she pulled the covers up until his shoulders were hidden beneath them.

The hunter stood there, just staring at Amelia and then at Sam. What did that mean? Was she giving up on him? Didn't she want to save him? What if his vitals fell further? What if they needed to perform CPR on him?

„You should lay down for a while, Dean.", she said softly and nodded towards his half of the bed. „He fought for you so hard … I think he deserves to be close to you again, don't you?"

Dean tried to ignore the message hidden beneath her words and what they might meant. He then nodded and climbed onto the bed, slipping under the covers and inched closer toward the young man. He hesitated fro a moment, afraid this was all just a dream, before he dared to inch closer, until their bodies touched slightly. It has been so long … and now? Now he wasn't even able to talk with him, tell him how much he missed him and how afraid he had been that he'd die before he was able to be with him again.

„We'll talk later, when you wake up. - Just come downstairs when you're up for it. Then I'll explain everything to you ….", she said as she walked towards the open door.

„Thanks.", he muttered and gazed over his shoulder, catching the woman's gaze for a short moment. „For everything."

She just nodded and left the room, leaving the door wide open.

The hunter wore a soft smile on his lips as he finally laid an arm over Sam's middle and rested his head on the pillow beside him. He placed a feather light kiss on the younger man's exposed shoulder and closed his eyes. Ghosting his fingers over a bandage on Sam's side and a light frown built on the hunter's forehead as he felt the dampness of it.

Sam wouldn't die. He just couldn't.
Not now.

Not now
where they were free and were able to go wherever they wanted to without demons on their ass.
Not now
when Sam would be able to go into the yard without being afraid. And then again … Dean wasn't even sure if Sam had been afraid of the world out there ever since he was gone.

The younger man's body was well trained and sure as hell he had put up some pounds. He was all muscles and flesh and seemed so strong now. Completely different from the man he had seen six months ago - for the last time. And it wasn't just Sam's body that had changed. There was something radiating from him, that felt different. Though he was still Sam. And god who knew what he had been thru. What he had done to be able to fight the knight and those bitches.

No it wasn't fair. Dean Winchester knew that life wasn't fair …
but holy hell
… how would he be supposed to go on when Sam wouldn't be there anymore?

Tears built up in his eyes again and ran down the hunter's cheek as he tightened his hold around Sam's middle gently. „Don't leave me alone, Sunshine.", he begged silently, „You've to pull thru this. -
Please
… You can't leave me here – not like this ..."

He closed his eyes and his hand shifted over the younger man's heart. „There are so many things out there I wanna show you,
Sam
. So many things
you
haven't seen yet.
I
haven't seen yet. Things I wanna check out with you by my side. Only you ..." He whispered silent promises and desperate pleas until his body and soul were too weak to carry on and he drifted off to sleep.


Golden sunbeams flooded the room and dove it into a warm light of the early morning.

Dean had slept thru since yesterday evening without even realizing Amelia and Ellen checking on the both of them during the night. He hadn't even noticed them when they had put Sam on an I.V. and the fresh sheets that were covering the both of them now.

The hunter was awake for some time and still stared at the motionless face beside his. Sam hadn't moved. Though his hair and sheets were dump with sweat as if he had run a marathon. His cheeks were lightly flushed and as far as Dean was able to tell, the younger man was running a fever.

And this all for what? Saving him? When saving him meant that Sam would die, he wished he never had tried.

„I'll go and get a shower and pick up something to eat. - I'm back in about twenty minutes, Sammy.", he whispered and placed a gentle kiss on the man's cheek before he left the bed.

Glad that everything had stayed as it has been, he got some of his clothes from the closet opposite of the bed. Everything in there looked untouched. As if Sam hadn't been here at all. And maybe he wasn't. Maybe Sam had left the yard after everything had happened.

A bitter expression formed on the hunter's face as he glanced at the man on the bed. He tore his gaze away from him and made his way outside towards the bathroom, when he caught up a discussion from downstairs. All too familiar voices. And he stopped in his tracks to listen to them.

„We need to tell him.", Dean heard Bobby say. „He deserves to know."

„Who is gonna tell him that Sam won't make it, huh? What are we supposed to say? I'm sorry kiddo, but he's going to die. It's just a matter of time before his organs fail? Is that what you wanna tell him? NOW? Right fucking NOW? - He just got back, Bobby." Ellen's voice was calm and though desperate.

„Shshsh ..." Amelia's vice rang out. „Could we discuss this a little bit more
SILENT
?"

„Then what'd you say? You're the doc, Amelia.", Caleb frowned.

„I'd say I'll talk to him. - I'm gonna tell him how things are with Sam at the moment." Amelia answered. „He's exhausted. He got hurt. - He'd belong into a hospital and not here. Nor to another vet. What bothers me is that his pupils aren't responding to light stimuli. It's a sign for a cerebral bleeding or whatever … and I can't check it here, damn it. - And I'm not sure if he would survive a travel to my office to do it there." She sighed deeply and Dean could clearly hear the sorrow in her words. „And even if he'd do … Who would do the surgery? Anyone of you guys know a vet who'd do it? Anyone of you knows a doc who'd be willing to save a monster's live?"

A long silence filled the empty air. Dean's chin rested on his chest, tears in his eyes and he ran a hand thru his short hair, trying to adapt what Amelia had just said. But he couldn't take it … couldn't believe it. It just had to be a bad dream. Sam couldn't go now, when they finally were supposed to be free and happy. TOGETHER.

Non the less he had to take the shower. Had to tear himself away from the darkest of thoughts in his mind. He had to be there for Sam. Had to stay strong. Even when his heart wanted to shatter and his body wanted to break down. Right there under the hot spray of water he decided not to give up on Sam. No matter what the others said, no matter how his prognosis was and how he'd be in the end.

When he broke who would be there for Sam when he'd wake up? Because he was going to wake up. He just needed time. - Dean was sure.


The hunter gazed into their bedroom for a long time, before he headed downstairs. His friends sat in the living room and it was silent. Too silent. He lurked into the room and recognized Bobby's seat. The young hunter frowned and smacked his lips to announce his presence to the others. When they looked up, he managed a small smile that never reached his eyes.

„Hey there.", he muttered and leaned against the threshold.

„Time you woke up, son." Bobby grinned and turned his wheelchair around to face him. „Hungry?", he asked.

Dean just nodded. The strained atmosphere was palpable.

Bobby nodded and guided his wheeled seat passed Dean and streight into the kitchen. When the hunter didn't follow instantly he stopped for a moment. „You forgot where the damn kitchen is, boy?"

At least the old man's behaviour hadn't changed. What Dean figured was kind of soothing at the moment. Everything that felt like before he was gone felt reassuring and calming.

„Wanna lead the way?", Dean asked with a grin and turned around to follow him.

He earned a gruff glare from the old man, but followed him anyway. When they reached the kitchen-counter, Dean leaned against it. He still felt fuzzy and a little bit groggy. His body still felt a bit like out of order and that it wasn't his, but he figured that it was okay that way. That this was normal after being possessed. So he shoved his discomfort aside like a Winchester.

„How're you doin', boy?" Bobby opened the fridge and didn't bother to look at Dean. Well knowing that he must feel like crap.

„Groggy … but other than that pretty well.", he answered thoughtfully. „It's a miracle, isn't it?" Yeah, Dean figured the old man could possibly know something about what Sam had done to save him and leave him in a nearly unharmed shape.

„Yeah.", Bobby answered bluntly and started to prepare a sandwich. The former hunter knew that Dean wouldn't need help to prepare some food. He just wanted him alone for a couple of minutes. „A miracle.", he muttered silently into his beard.

„What happened?", Dean asked after a while of silence and nodded towards the wheelchair as Bobby glanced at him.

The older hunter huffed and shook his head. „I wish i'd know. - When I woke up in the warehouse I didn't feel my legs. - And the docs in hospital meant i've a fractured vertebra and my spinal cord got damaged." He cut the sandwich in two halves. „You've any idea what happened in the convent?"

Dean frowned and eyed Bobby intensively. He figured the old man didn't know either what had happened. „A convent? Was that were you guys found me?"

Bobby nodded.

Dean shook his head and closed his eyes. „I don't remember anything. - The knight didn't let me see, nor hear anything. I lived in a memory the entire time. He gave me Sam and the cabin. - Sure I knew that it wasn't Sam. I knew it was the knight trying to keep me away from bugging him. But it felt so real …
so damn real
. And damn it Bobby – I wouldn't have been able to stay hard any longer. Even when it hurt to know that it wasn't real … It wasn't bad at all." The hunter looked up, a sad smile gathering on his lips. „He could've put me away in my mind and let me get stir crazy in there. - But he didn't."

Bobby cleared his throat and nodded, pushing the plate with the sandwich towards Dean. Then he handed him a bottle with coke and blinked.

„Don't feel bad about it. - You didn't betray him. You did what you had to, to not go insane. It helped you to pull thru and hold on. - Sam wouldn't have been able to handle it any other way. Trust me. He was obsessed with freeing you." Bobby sighed. „He changed a lot since you were gone.
For you
. To be able to fight and do what he had planned to …" The older hunter rolled back a little bit and locked his gaze with Dean's. „At the beginning he brought them here – into the barn. And then he took off. Just like that. Was gone for months. And then – a couple of days ago he showed up in the Roadhouse, said that it's time to get going. And now, here we are." He smiled sadly at Dean. „And NO, I don't know what he did to get you back, nor do we know how he managed to get the convent cleaned out. He didn't tell us before. Maybe he was afraid that something would go south if he would. - What we know is, that there probably was a ritual. We found a bowl and a book with spells and rituals and stuff."

„How was he even able to get all these demons out of the way, Bobby?", he asked in disbelieve. „I mean …"

„He trained.", Ellen stood int he doorway and eyed the both of them. „He trained to separate the demon from the human's soul, so that he wouldn't rip it out of its host too. - When he was still with us, he passed out a couple of times afterwards. - But he got better. And when he thought he'd be able to manage it all by himself he left."

The hunters saw Dean's hands tremble, as he nodded. He looked at Ellen and eyed her with a sad expression. „I wish he wouldn't have done it. - Now he's paying the price. I didn't suffer where I was. Not really. I would've prefered to stay with fake-Sam somewhere in a fake-cabin than knowing that he's going to go somewhere I can't reach him anymore."

„Don't be stupid, boy." Ellen shook her head and a stern expression spread over her face. „Who said that he won't pull thru?"

Dean looked aside and shook his head as he grabbed the coke and the plate. „Because I heard you guys talk … And I'm not gonna give up on him. No matter what." He nodded towards the both of them. „I'm going to be upstairs. - Maybe Amelia could have a look on Sam later. I think he's starting to run a fever ..."

Dean waited until he got a nod from the both of them and went upstairs again …



Two days later …
and nothing had changed. Sam was still running a fever and he still remained unconscious, while Dean was gaining his strength back. Besides taking showers and getting food, he didn't leave Sam's side. Not for a single minute. Either he sat in a chair next to Sam's side, or he lay on his half of the bed, curled around the younger man.

Amelia had given Sam twenty-four hours. Had told him, that there was nothing they could do, that he was dying. That he should be prepared.

And Dean had just sent her out of the room. Had told her to leave and not to come back in until she was able to announce some better news. For Dean it was a positive sign, that Sam was still fighting. For Amelia it seemed like drawing out the unpreventable.



It was one of these nights …


Dean laid beside Sam. He had just washed and dressed him, had changed the bandage on his side and had covered all his cuts with antiseptic ointment. He cradled the younger man in his arms and turned him to the side, so that Sam's back was flush with the hunter's chest. Dean wrapped an arm around the younger male's middle and buried his face into the crock of Sam's neck, inhaling deeply.

Dean tried to convince himself that Sam was just sleeping – at least it looked that way. He tried to convince himself that he'd wake up soon. He soothed himself into sleep every damn night since four days now, with this mantra in his mind.

This night he wasn't supposed to wait any longer … Not after all the prayers he had sent into heaven.

The hunter's eyes snapped open and his breath caught in his throat. With one punch he was high alert and in hunter's mode. Dean tightened his grip around the younger man's middle, listening to the short puffed breaths. He tried to focus on what had woken him, tried to recall if it was a movement in the room or a noise.

„D'n." It was so silent, so weak. Barely hearable.

Sam's fingers ghosted weakly over the hunter's hand on his belly and sent a ray of goosebumps over Dean's skin.

„
Dean
." A second time. This time clearer and stronger.

„Sam?" Finally the hunter dared to breathe again. „Sammy?"

He turned the younger man around in his arms and gazed into Sam's hazel-green circles. The dim light of the lamb on the nightstand didn't let him have a good look at him, but it was enough to make out a small smile tugging on the younger man's lips.

„S'ved 'ou.", he breathed, as his eyelids started to get heavy again. Dazed hazel-eyes tried to focus on him but failed miserably.

Dean couldn't suppress the magnificent happy smile on his face, and bright big emerald-green eyes blazing with love and adoration – and relieve. „Yeah … you did.", he whispered and tugged a dump strain of hair out of Sam's face. „I'm so proud of you, Sunshine. - So proud."

He wanted to say so many things, wanted to ask so much, but now wasn't the time for it. Dean just needed to know that Sam was going to be alright.

Sam's lips curled up a little bit more, before the smile faded again and his features relaxed, as darkness pulled him under again.


It should take another five hours until Sam regained conciousness again. Though the fever didn't break. So it was, that he wasn't awake for more than a couple of minutes. Just long enough to share a couple of precious moments with the hunter, before he got Sam onto another I.V. and let him drift off to sleep again.


Sam felt so weak … so damn weak. And this headache was giving him hell right at the moment. He felt the hunter beside him, felt a strong arm around his waist and Dean's warm breaths against the sensitive skin of his neck. He just couldn't manage to open his eyes or move his hands to show him that he was still there. To proof to himself that he was still among the living.

His body and mind felt like they were flooding in water, and his limps felt heavy and unresponsive, ever since he had opened his eyes for the first time. But it was getting better. Sure his head felt fuzzy and everything seemed to be in a haze. But he was there. And Dean was there. Dean was talking and was obviously able to walk around. - So yeah, he had saved him. For once he had been lucky. And the knight hadn't been a lying ass-hole, as he had feared.

„Dean." Sam's lips moved, but his vocal cords wouldn't obey. „Dean.", he breathed. His eyes remained closed.

„I'm here, Sunshine.", Dean answered gently, and started to ghost with his index-finger around Sam's navel. „I'm here. - I'm waiting for you." The hunter lips ghosted over the younger man's neck. „Just take your time. - There's no hurry."

„'elp.", was carried on a strained exhale. „'lease, he'p."

The hunter frowned and spread his palm over Sam's belly. „You in pain?"

„No.", was the silent response. „See. - wanna
see
."

Dean continued to track his finger around his navel ever so gentle. „What do you wanna see?"

„You." It wasn't more than a whisper.

There was no direct answer. Just a slow shuddering exhale.

„It's already dark outside. I've no lights on in here. - But hey ..." He took Sam's hand in his and guided it to his cheek. „... you can
feel
me." He moved slightly, so that Sam was able to feel Dean's stubbles against his open palm.

If Sam would've been strong enough to make a sound, it would've been a happy one.

„Good.", he managed to say after a while.

Dean pressed his hand tighter against his cheek and yaw, feeling Sam's fingers shift and a comfortable warmth spread under his skin. „You see. You'll get better soon."

It didn't last long, before the younger man's fingers and arm fell completely limp and his breathing evened out again as if he was asleep. A satisfied smile ghosted over Dean's face, as he guided the younger man's hand back down and tangled his fingers in his.

„Love you, Sunshine.", the hunter whispered, before he fell asleep himself.



one week later …


Sam sat probed up on half a dozen pillows against the headboard of the bed. He had laid his head back and his eyes were closed. The fever was finally gone and the wound on his side didn't hurt that much anymore either. He still felt weak and exhausted as hell. But he didn't care. He had Dean back, that was all that counted. And as a bonus, he had a Dean in a fractionating body. There was nothing more important than this at the moment. And another bonus was that he was still alive of course. He hadn't thought he would.

Amelia sat beside him and asked him some questions just a doctor would ask. Besides: His head was still killing him at times – just like now.

„Hurts.", he answered and squeezed his eyes shut for a moment. „Bright light, loud noises …"

She nodded. „I can give you something for the headache of course. - I just don't want you to jump around, or stay up for too long for at least another week. Let Dean do all the work. I don't even want you to bow down or lift anything that's heavier than a spoon. You understand me?"

A faint smile ghosted over the younger man's lips. „Thanks … for everything, Amelia ..."

She grinned. Her eyes flashed white for a moment. „Everything for a companion, Sam. - You know, that you made yourself a name, don't you? - A monster walking streight into one of a hunter's sanctuary and then taking out a demon? - That's one hell of a story, kid. - I gotta say you did great.",, she admitted. „You're going to become a legend. - They finally have a face for the demon-hunter they heard so much about."

Sam just smiled and nodded slightly. „Stupid, huh?" His eyes fluttered open but they stayed on half-mast. „No one would go into a bar full of hunters when he's not quiet human ..."

She shook her head. „Time to show the world that not all monsters are evil and deserve to die. - Trust me, I know … maybe some of them will change their minds about us." Amelia smiled and sighed.

A knock was heard and their looks wandered towards the door. There stood Dean, with a wicked smile on his lips and happy emerald-green circles beamed at the man in the bed. In his hands he held a tray with a plate and a big bowl. „How's our favorite patient doin' doc?"

„Definitely better.", she answered and pushed one of her dark bangs behind her ear. „He shouldn't walk around a lot yet. No bowing down and lifting stuff that's heavier than a spoon. - For at least another week."

Dean nodded.

„And when he's up for travelling I want to check him thru in my office. - making a CT-scan and all the things we couldn't do earlier.", she continued and Dean nodded again. „I want to have a look at his head … see what had happened."

The hunter went to the bed and put the tray on the nightstand. „We'll do." He smiled at her. „You're gonna take off again?"

The woman chuckled and blushed slightly. Then she shook her head. „Not today. - In a couple of days, when I'm sure that Sam's improving further."

The hunter saw a flash of concern crossing the woman's face. „I just want to make sure that he's over it."

Dean nodded again and sat down on the edge of the bed. Eying his love closely. Sam was still pale and the dark circles under his eyes wouldn't go away. A definite sign, that he was still sick and just covering his pain mostly. - At least when Dean was around.

Because when he was taking a shower or went downstairs for food, he had not just once heard Sam wince or grunt when he tried to shift into a more comfortable position, as he came back.

Amelia gave the hunter a nod and left with a comforting pat on the young man's thigh.

„So … you're up for some yoghurt with fruits?", the hunter asked and grabbed the bowl and a spoon from the tray.

Sam frowned. He wasn't hungry, nor did he have a lot of an appetite. But he knew that he had to eat and drink to get back his strength. „Sure."

The hunter nodded satisfied and placed the bowl in the younger man's lap. Then he scooted back to the headboard and leaned against it with a plate in his hands. Sam ate slow, with shaky hands. It was unbelievable how exhausting something normal like eating could be.

It was when Dean had finished his burger, that Sam laid the spoon into the bowl, wich was still half full, and sighed. A thin layer of sweat covered Sam's forehead and his hazel-green circles were covered in a haze of pain.

„C'mon, Sunshine ..." Dean took the bowl from Sam's lap and smiled. „ … I'll help ya a little."

Sam leaned his head back and took a deep inhale. „Nah. - I'm good. Just tired ..."

The hunter huffed and shook his head. „You'll sleep when you're done with the bowl, Sam. - And don't argue. There's no point in pissing me off, what's definitely going to happen if you're not doing as i say."

Sam blinked his eyes open and swallowed visibly, then nodded. „Fine, sir."

„Fine." Dean lifted the spoon to Sam's lips and he opened up, swallowing the cool mush. „Good. - That's my boy."

A slight smile ghosted over the younger man's lips, and he got ready for another spoon full of yoghurt. Though they didn't manage to empty it, since Sam started to drift off now after each spoon and Dean decided that it was enough for the moment.

Sam leaned back completely exhausted. A shiver ran down his spine, as the cool fabric met the back of his neck.

The hunter turned round and put the bowl aside. Then he started to rummage around in the drawer until he found the bottle of pills. He popped two out and reached for the bottle with Gatorade.

„C'mon, Sam. - Open up.", he said softly, „These are gonna help you with your head."

Sam eyes opened half way with a wince and he obeyed.

Dean laid the pills on Sam's tongue and placed the bottle to his lips, letting him drink.

„Now c'mon." The hunter helped Sam to scoop down and threw some of the pillows towards the end of the bed. Immediately the young man rolled to his side and curled up in the hunter's arms. Dean then inched closer and cupped the back of Sam's head protectively, placing a gentle kiss on the younger man's mop of hair.

Sam made a comfortable sound, while moving an arm around Dean's waist … and soon he drifted off to sleep.



Days went by slowly.


Sam was sleeping most of the time, while the hunter watched over him. Helped him in every way possible and Sam allowed him to do so. Somehow it was like in the past. Before all that stuff had happened with the knight. The young man was barely talking about those months while Dean was gone and the hunter didn't remember anything at all of his time with the knight. At least he didn't remember reality. He sure remembered the scenario the knight had made up for him.

It lasted about another two weeks until Sam's headache had subsided and he was close to normal again. - Except these blackouts he had from time to time, where he just sat there and stared at something that seemed to be far away. Sam's face was empty during these episodes and his eyes had a weird expression as if he was seeing something, but couldn't remember afterwards.

Surely they visited Amelia in her office, who ran all the tests that she had mentioned. And since the two of them weren't blessed with so much of good luck, she didn't have just good news for them. There had obviously been an cerebral bleeding. Not much, but enough. Sam had been lucky that it hadn't been that big of an injury, she said. Though there was the possibility, that this injury was the offspring of these episodes.

Then again, she told them, that she couldn't be sure about it.

At least it wasn't like Sam seemed to be in pain or stress during those, what counted as a giant plus for Dean. The rest they would be able to handle all by themselves.


Two days later, and a nearly heartbreaking good-bye from Amelia, they were back at the Salvage, gathering their stuff and packing up. As much as Sam seemed to want to stay at Bobby's, Dean had still his appartement on the other side of the town. Their own little place for just the two of them. And that was probably why Dean wanted to go back there. Because it would be just them. - For the first time in over eight months, they'd be completely by themselves. - And free to go wherever they wanted to.

Sure, Sam had said he wanted to hunt on Dean's side. Dean ont he other hand wasn't sure what to think about that. He had still his blackouts without forewarning, wich could mean their both deaths during a hunt. Though Amelia had said, that these episodes would fade, would get lesser. That Sam's brain would just need time to cope with the injury.

And Dean Winchester prayed that she was right.



There they were …
Dean, Sam, Bobby, Ellen and Caleb on the porch, saying good-bye for the upcoming two weeks. It wasn't like they were out of reach. Hell, Dean's appartement was right on the other side of the town, just about fifteen minutes away. And though – after all they've been thru – it seemed hard to split up again. At least Bobby seemed quite sad about seeing the boys leave.

Ellen pulled Sam into a gentle hug and kissed his cheek softly. „So, we'll see each other on friday?", she asked when she released him again and tilted her head to the side.

Sam shared a questioning look with Dean and then nodded.

„And don't be late, Idjits." Bobby cocked an eyebrow and grinned. „I won't warm up ya' food just because the two of you weren't able to get out of bed."

„You sure you can handle old grumpy all by ya' own?", Dean asked with a cocky grin and nodded towards the old man int he wheelchair, who glared at him in respond.

Ellen chuckled and patted the youngest hunter's shoulders. „Sure I will. - And you take care of Sam." She watched Sam's back as he strolled towards the sleek-black Impala.

Dean followed her gaze and took in the tall man, in biker-boots, jeans and the black leather-jacket. And yeah – Sam had changed. Not just from his appearance. Also in relations to the way he moved and looked at others. Sure, when he and Dean were alone, Sam seemed the same like always. - It was just then when they weren't alone, that Sam seemed to switch in some kind of predator-mode.

„You know me, Ellen.", Dean blinked and smiled. „Won't let him out of my eyes."


The appartement was a mess. Dust everywhere. Even the pizza-boxes remained on the counter in the kitchen – untouched. Just like they had left it months ago. When no one of the both of them knew that they'd end up as a pair – as partners.

Dean tossed his duffel on the couch and a cloud of dust erupted with the impact on the upholstery. The hunter sighed and glanced over his shoulder to Sam, who left his duffel right next to the door.

„Guess we've some cleaning up to do, huh?" Dean walked to the fridge and pulled two beers out.

„Sam glanced at him with a wicked grin on his lips. „You think so?"


It was their first night in Dean's appartement. Their first night, where they ordered chinese food together and watched a movie without anyone else around them. Their first night where it was just the two of them after such a long time.


Sam frowned and tensed slightly in Dean's arm, when he looked over his shoulder and the backrest of the couch, towards the appartement-door. And then, with one single blow Sam's face went blank and this all too familiar expression rose in his eyes, as his pupils shrank to the size of pin-heads.

The hunter followed Sam's gaze towards the door, but couldn't make out anything of the unusual. Then he realized that it was one of Sam's episodes and the hunter's heart sank.

„Sammy.", he called softly.

There was no reaction.

„C'mon, Sunshine. - Snap out of it." Dean turned towards him and cradled the younger man's head in his hands. „Look at me, Sam." The hunter brushed with his thumbs over Sam's cheeks. „C'mon, sweetheart. - Look at me.", he whispered.

A whole minute later, Sam finally snapped out of it, focusing back on Dean, as his pupils started to react to the dim light of the room again.

„I'm sorry ...", he muttered and cleared his throat. „I don't know what's wrong with me … It was just … like there was something …"

Dean gave him a warm smile and leaned forward, covering his lips with Sam's, catching his lower lips between his teeth softly.

„It's been a long day. - Guess we should get to bed, huh?" The hunter whispered and placed another kiss over Sam's tender cushions.

The younger man's lips curled up into a smile, and pulled Dean into another lingering kiss.



The End




sooooo … that's been it ^^ - maybe (when you're done with reading) you guys wanna leave me some
BACON
(aka reviews) for this story, huh? You know … reviews keep me going ^^

I'm always open for suggestions. - At the moment i'm stuck in the UNRELATED!WINCEST corner … soooo … if you've suggestions? I'm still looking for my muse to kiss me for my next story



SPECIAL THANKS TO:



3DBABE1999 for helping me out with the plot as i got stuck



SOULfulSAM for pointing multiple (unpleasant and awkward) mistakes out



thanks to my reviewers:



gianess Gembomz

SoulfulSam
AgeOfDarkness413
samisnotevil

LeRose

tricia

necowithachainsaw


destiariestya


Miuda22

3DBABE1999

Nightmare's Pen HinatasTwin1128 BaskervilleHound1864 watergoddesskasey

elektra56765

. Lsdugat .


shadowdancer33996


.

&amp;

guests!




Thanks for favoriting:



shadowdancer33996, xxyumiulrichxx, gianess, destiariestya, vaulcat, spnh50ghfan, shdwrdr, rosebudgirl, nison99, nerdydragon, neko with a chainsaw, isdugat, green is not a creative color, everlarkholmes, elektra56765, crazyreaderduh, angelnoir, writer of the lost age, wincest413, usurionuevo, timer18, souless666, seraphina the experiment, rose 1999, paty winchester, mass mudering winchester's, kirachan2, hiyapeoples13, greenchiprenzy, gembomz, fiolka, fallenprincess931, darth kyrie, casually castiel, anna sheridan, 3dbabe1999, MagicoftheWorld, Chi Cheshire Neko


>