


Disclaimer:
I own nothing. The characters of AJ Lee, Dean Ambrose, and CM Punk are properties of World Wrestling Entertainment. April Mendez, Jonathan Good, and Phillip Brooks own themselves.


The loud moan that came from the kitchen was what made Jon's eye snap wide open.

With face his face pressed deeply into sofa, only his right eye was able to make of where he was exactly. The reeking smell of alcohol was the first thing his nose was met with, so it was giving him hints that he just might of made it back to his apartment. Scanning, his jeans and shoes were thrown across the floor, another possible hint. But what made Jon turn his head and groan at the realization that he was in fact home was hearing Sam having sex in the kitchen.

"Oh Sam!
Sam!
" The woman's moans were enough to make even Jon hurl. Rolling off the couch with a thud, he scrambled to grab his jeans and throw them on; fuck the shoes, he didn't need them on the roof.

See, when Jon brought women home- oh wait,
he didn't
. Jon had a strict 'fuck her at her house' policy, and if the tramp didn't have a home, then the bathroom or storage closet would suffice. Jon did this only to protect Sam of the troubles of the street, even though the little shit didn't deserve it sometimes. However, judging by the way that the woman seemed to pant and Sam's determined groans, it apparently showed that he didn't need Jon's protection at all.

Grabbing a lone shirt that was hanging off the stand by the door, Jon didn't say anything to the copulating duo as he slipped out; he'd give Sam shit when he'd come home.

Standing outside his door, it was the first time Jon was finally able to wake up. His head wasn't pounding like it usually would; it was only filled with annoyance and sleep. It had to be no later than seven in the morning, guaranteeing a pissed off Jon.

Sighing, he looked down at what he managed to leave the apartment with. A white shirt that had barbeque and sweat stains graciously splayed all over it reeked of cigarette smoke, on the edges of the shirt that some green like substance on it that looked almost like vomit. He only needed to breath once to get the confirmation that it was. Further down, the thin material of the polyester socks did nothing to try to insulate some form of warmth to his frozen feet. He had to get his shoes because even curling his toes hurt, and anymore time in the cold would ensure that Jon would at least have seven toes left, but his boots were back in the apartment, and he didn't want to go back in there.

He woke up too quickly for Moxley to overcome his persona. For the time being, and until he was enticed with sex or wrestling, he would remain Jon Good.

Leaning his head on the wall, the moans of more fucking was enough to make him groan; he had to change.

Placing a steady hand on the knob, Jon heard a tiny meow of a cat next to him. Turning his head, he laid eyes on a familiar dusty faced feline and the smallest of genuine smiles spread over his face.

Wow, he was really fucking losing it.

The cat stared at him, her icy blue eyes overpowering Jon's own. Focused on him, she stood completely frozen. Jon smirked, "I don't want to open the door either, but my feet are fucking cold." With that, Jon opened the door and slid in as quietly as he could without bringing any attention to himself.

There were no more moans coming from the kitchen, but he did pick up laughter and giggling coming from the room that Sam and Jon shared. Had he of been ignorant, blind to the possibility that Sam just might have picked up on his lecherous habit, Jon would have gladly grabbed a spare blanket and gone right back to sleep on the couch, having enough trust in Sam to not leave the room with his lady of the night.

But the thing is that Jon knew he had incredible influence over Sam within the past couple of years living with him. He was a horrible role model, but he wanted better for Sam. He looked at him as if he were the little brother he always wanted, but never got. Sam was coming out to become just like Moxley.

Grabbing his shoes, a cleaner shirt, his jacket, and Sam's newly bought sweater, he spent at least two minutes in the apartment before leaving again, making sure that he had only his wallet. He'd leave the car; Sam would need to use it to leave the tramp at her house later today.

He made sure to layer himself with clothing and that he didn't look like complete shit. After a tiny mewl from the cat, who was unfazed at his quick disappearance into the room, Jon accepted that the neat sweater (that Sam would probably kill him for using), sleek jacket, and the fairly new Converse shoes were a decent enough outfit to separate him from the days in which he usually looked like he lived in a garbage dumpster.

The cat suddenly brushed up against his pant leg and meowed, almost begging to be touched. If it wasn't for the fact that this cat was probably one of the toughest he had ever seen in his life, or that it kept coming back to greet Jon in the morning, no matter how shitty he had treated it in the past, he would have kicked it off of his leg. But the cat was a friend of his, in the purest sense. When Jon felt normal some days, and Sam didn't have the patience to deal with him, the cat did.

She listened to him.

Smirking at her, he picked her up and huddled her close to his chest as he treaded up the stairs that a little hallway down the end of Jon's apartment had. She only responded with another mewl and the butting of her tiny head against his bicep. He smiled at her as he placed her on the floor, grabbing a crowbar that he expertly hid on the top of the doorframe. Placing it on the knob, he only gave a sharp pull before the door snapped wide open.

"Top maintenance, my ass."

Up on the roof of the sleazy five story complex, it gave Jon a beautiful view of East End, smog and all. There on the roof, a tiny 3x3 shed held shovels and practically useless gardening tools, a small water tower that he had no idea what the fuck was for, and a rundown couch that Jon himself brought up here.

He placed her on the floor and instantly she bolted, no doubt off to hunt the countless amounts of mice and rats they had to offer her. Tucking his chin in to shield his face from the cold, after his five minutes of observing the city in which he grew up in, he got bored. Scanning the rooftop to locate his cat, he saw her fluffy tail from behind the garden shed, no doubt stalking on a filthy rodent.

Jon only smirked at her before turning around and walking back down to the apartments, the loud sudden growl that erupted from his stomach almost made him smile, if it wasn't for the fact that he was close to broke.

The show he covered last night, the one that found him "wrestling" two barely considered "wrestlers" didn't make him more than $200. Last week, Sam had to pick up triple shifts in order to cover half the payment that Jon couldn't meet. Despite staying up all night reevaluating his career in professional wrestling, he swore to bust his ass to pay back Sam.

The thin wallet that held an empty debit card and his license told him that he was going to starve today, cause there sure as shit wasn't anything in the fridge, but had faith that the credit card Jon took from Sam at least had a good $5 to buy him a sandwich, whatever he could eat to get him through the morning, but a sandwich made by a particular bistro did manage to get his attention though, regardless of the fact that he was broke.

Finally deciding that while he may have been broke, he at least would make sure that he wouldn't starve for the time being. Maybe later on in the day at lunch or dinner, but it was too early in the morning not to eat.


It was busy when Jon walked through the door of the cafe, the annoying little bell propped at the top rung with a shrill tune, alerting all customers and employees of another guest. All the booths that lined the restaurant were filled to the edges with hungry patrons, chatting away with one another. Almost all of the open tables in the center were taken, mostly by families carelessly wolfing down a breakfast Jon wished he could afford.

Supo Sundown was one of the fancier places to eat that East End had to offer, it was definitely a four star cafe that middle class and financially afloat families loved to eat at, and because of its wonderful food and actually nice staff, it was almost never empty.

Sometimes, when the collection of his matches was a little more than enough, Jon would treat himself to a meat and cheese sandwich with fries and a coffee, but that's only when he had any money left to blow. Whenever he did have the luxury of having both time and money on his hands and he found himself here, he would sit alone in the corner booth and think of how differently his life would be if he had the money to eat here everyday.

Hell, sometimes, he thought that if he didn't know the head chef and his wife, he would have never had the courage to even take a step in the elegant bistro. Jon thought himself too dirty, too much of a fuck up, to sit and eat among successful people. In his mind, he stood out in the crowd like a sore thumb, as if everyone had known who he was and how much he fucking hated his life.

Places like this made him paranoid, and if it wasn't because he fucking loved that sandwich, he would have just said 'fuck it' and never enter.

Instead, he found himself in front of a pretty cashier, a lost expression on his face, and a red credit card in hand. The young girl took the card from him, blushing when Jon didn't break eye contact with her. In reality, he didn't give a shit about this girl, right now he was too busy crossing his fingers in his jacket and praying that Sam had enough credit to spare him one fucking meal. He was going to originally settle for a $2 coffee, but somehow ended up ordering his favorite $25 breakfast.

The sound of a small 'click' made a small sigh of relief escape Jon's lips and made his tense shoulders relax a little; he would worry about paying Sam back later, but right now, he was going to enjoy this small hour of sanity with Jon Good. Paying no attention to the cashier anymore, his eyes shot up to look at a certain corner of the cafe, and couldn't suppress his face splitting smile when his favorite corner in the whole cafe was empty. It shouldn't have surprised him, the amount of light that hits the booth made it one of the least popular places to ponder life in, but for Jon, it was absolutely perfect.

"Well if it isn't Jonathan Good. I feel like I haven't seen you since graduation." It was literally just the voice he was looking for. Twisting his lips in his trademark smirk, Jon turned his head to lock eyes with brown eyes that chinked at seeing him.

"It's because you haven't." His response was short, but it was nicer to this person than half the things he would say to Sam. They never tore their eyes from him as Jon went to claim his booth before he sat and motioned to the empty space in front of him, inviting them to sit.

They rolled their eyes in response, before turning back to end the conversation with an elderly patron before patting him on the back reassuringly. Placing their serving tray on the table, they laughed as they slid into the booth and slapped their hands together, wrinkles on their forehead caused by the raised eyebrow that looked at Jon quizzically.

"It's been a while hasn't it? I would have though that after graduation, you'd end up leaving the state. Good you know didn't end up leaving me,"

Jon's smile grew softer.

His friend rolled their eyes, turning to look out the window out on to the streets, before snorting and locking eyes with Jon again. "After you flaked on my parent's dinner, I had to jump through leaps and bounds to cover for your ass, but you wouldn't even call me back. I though that some important shit about your mom came up, but when you still wouldn't answer four months later, I legit thought you died,"

His gaze then became gentle.

"And it sucked you know? Like, the one I fucked up with ends up leaving without so much as a simple 'bye'? What kind of shit is that Jon? Where'd you go?"

He didn't answer, because he never left. It was his turn to look out the window to avoid their stare.

"I've missed you Jonathan."

Looking up, the soft brown eyes that belong to one of his first true friends made his heart feel heavy.

"I know Claire. I'm sorry."

The way she backed up and pinched her whole face, like if she had eaten something sour, didn't help the weight of the guilt he was now carrying again. It was obvious in her reaction that she was waiting to hear a little something more than the worthless 'sorry' he had grown used to saying.

Jon had met Claire Supo in his geometry class freshman year of high school. At first, she was irrelevant to him, as everyone else was; he had bigger shit to deal with than to focus on the insanely pretty girl what wouldn't stop staring at him. Other than her curious staring and her making him uncomfortable because of her simple beauty, their interactions stopped there. Come sophomore year, she was unfortunate enough to arrive to their English class two minutes too late, which forced Mrs. Needle to place her in the only open available seat right next to Jonathan. That same year, she sat a row across from him in PE, forcing him (more than her) to start a friendship with each other.

At first, he'll always remember, she wouldn't speak to him at all, yet continue her staring as if it was acceptable. Naturally of course, he wanted to blow up on her and ask her what the fuck her problem was, but the way in which she looked at him never gave him a reason to make her feel so bad. When he'd have the courage to shoot a quick glance at her, her eyes were never judging, but rather reading. Like is she was trying to understand why he was the way he was, even without them saying anything to each other. Eventually, the school year forced him (more than her) to talk to her. Jon was blown away to realize how fucking
nice
Claire really was.

Come junior year, she was in more of his classes, almost four of his six. Their friendship began innocently, like any other platonic high school friendship would have. She approached him, almost cornering him, on why he wouldn't talk to her for the past two years. She claimed, Jon remembered, that she honestly believed he couldn't talk because in her words, she never heard him say one word from the past two years.

When she confronted him junior year why he didn't want to be her friend, Jon fucking panicked. He didn't know how to approach anyone, Jon didn't have any friends other than the elderly janitors he'd help clean up arenas with, so making a friend his age, much less a
female
friend his age, was entirely new to him. She trained him though, at first with little 'hi's' and 'byes' in the hallway, which later developed into quick, but meaningful sentences. Eventually, she managed to bring Jon out of his protective shell that he encased himself in. Claire made him feel normal in his fucked up environment because she was so friendly.

Almost too friendly.

And because he was the complete opposite of what she was supposed to attract, because he was the complete opposite of what she was supposed to be spending her time and affections on, she made the mistake of falling in love with him senior year. She was a beautiful 17 year old when she came to him confessing her absolute love. Of course, a confession of this magnitude even surprised the developing character of Moxley that rendered Jon blank. For once in his life, he had no idea what to do with a girl.

Of course, he had fucked countless women since he was 15, but he never made love. He reasoned that someone as pure as Claire shouldn't be a lousy one night stand. That night, the night before he decided to drop school to pursue wrestling, he actually took the time to love a girl, even though he couldn't feel the same way.

Jon decided that she was going to be a well loved and well taken care of one night stand.

Eventually, when he left her that night, Jon began to think (and honestly wish) his life might have been a little different. He concluded that if he was born under better circumstances, born to better parents, and was just a better person, he could have loved her. In an alternate universe where he worked a blue collar job and brought in a mediocre, but steady, annual income, and Claire would become wildly successful as a business accountant dealing with her paperwork and numbers and desk job, he could see himself being happy.

But this wasn't an alternate universe.

This was now.

He didn't even manage to complete high school. Everyone, Claire included, thought that he barely managed to squeeze by senior year, or transferred to another school to be "less distracted" so he could finish his studies, when in reality, he didn't even show up second semester to complete his credits. Tiffany and her husband ended up acting as his aunt and uncle and signed off on the papers that would allow him to drop out of school. With their help, his love for wrestling ended up proving to him that it was much stronger than education was.

"I can almost feel the love in your words like the last time I saw you." Her words were sour and her eyes were no longer soft and gentle, rather cold and hard.

Claire Supo could argue with Jon all she wanted, but even with her hostile front she quickly put up, he sensed there was something more to her actions. Hell, if she wanted to front like she hated him all of a sudden, then why even approach him in the first place? Why not sit and enjoy the fact that Jon was already fucking up his life by breathing and living everyday?

Claire Supo might have been a friend of Jonathan Good, maybe even Jon Moxley if he'd introduce her, but for right now, it was obvious that Claire Supo was very much in love with Jonathan Good.

"Oi! Claire!
Consegnare
this order of sandwich and
carne
!
Amore mio!
" In an incredibly thick Italian accent, a heavy set man with a squishy looking face and an incredibly thick black mustache popped his head from the window of the kitchen, no doubt looking at a particular waitress. "Oi!
Figlia!"


"
Lo vado papà! Lo vado!
" She yelled back at her father, sliding out of the booth and picking up her tray. "I see you ordered the same."

"I haven't changed Claire." He was honestly telling the truth. Other than struggling to make ends meet everyday, he was the same high school fuck up he was three years ago.

She smirked at him again. "No, that's where you're wrong Jon. You have." And with one last stare, she disappeared to fetch him his order. Jon was a man, not a good man, but a man in the least, so when his eyes traveled down to see the swishing of her hips and appreciate the glorious ass she had, he couldn't help but smirked and look away in content.

She was so beautiful that sometimes, when he got too much to drink and he allowed himself to ponder the countless regrets and mess ups he's made so far, he'd let his mind travel back to how good a person she could have made him. Again, he could have married her, worked himself to death to make her happy, and grow old with her.

But then again, it was all a dream.

Coming back seconds later, a steaming hot plate of delicious sandwich bread filled to its capacity with cheese and ham, parried with the familiar aroma of fries and wonderful smell of rich coffee.

Smirking, he picked up a fry and smothered it in the melted cheese. "I thought you were lactose intolerant?"

Jon laughed, looking up to lock eyes with Claire, who slid into his booth again. "Well that sucks shit if I am, doesn't it?"

She rewarded him with a laugh that even made him smile. See, Jon liked moments like this. Moments where his wrestling persona didn't consume him and made him a person everyone disliked, he liked having moments of peace where even Jon liked Jon, but were moments of sanity enough to curve Moxley's thirst for women and sex?

Raking his eyes down Claire's supple body, he could feel himself stir and his pants get tighter. Maybe she was more than just a casual one night stand. So what if the girl happened to love him for
Jon Good
, that made it easier to get her to bed, didn't it?

And just like that, the hour of sanity without Moxley had vanished, because when she leaned forward to continue their conversation, his icy blue eyes dropped right down to her chest.

"Stubborn as always. Guess three years absence hasn't changed you?" She leaned forwards, no doubt interested in his words. Unbeknownst to her, she was placing more pressure on her perky breasts, making the button of her uniform shirt strain.

Jon leaned back, chewing the delicious fries and savored the way they melted on his tongue.
Maybe she'd taste the same she did three years earlier?
Nah, he doubted it. In front of his was no longer an inexperienced 17 year old girl who lost her virginity to him, but now an incredibly sexy 20 year old. There was no doubt that she wasn't experienced like she was the first time.

You see, he was going to answer her, say something witty and smart and whatever other shit he usually spat at women that made them like them so much, but right when he opened his mouth, a striking flash of red by caught his attention. By Jon's standards, it wasn't uncommon for people to have red hair, but he'd lived in East End all his life, so they were uncommon to him.

Actually, he just recently saw a redhead, two days ago actually.

This time, the flash of red hair solidified to form the same tall, wickedly attractive man that was snatching women like nothing at Rick's bar. As the familiar Patrick Swayze chatted away the cashier that was shamelessly flirting with Jon a couple minutes ago, he grew angry and annoyed.

At first, he thought that the man was only someone who looked like this particular redhead, but when Swayze turned to look out the window for a second, the impossible green that shined in his eye and a smile that made women fall to their needs proved to Jon that it
was
Patrick Swayze.

"Fucking perfect." His mood instantly turned sour. Claire said something to him, but it didn't reach his ears.

Chipped memories of an arrogant motherfucker stealing his game two nights ago made his blood boil, but then remembering further who Swayze took away from him calmed him down a bit.

A flash of a beautiful teenager drinking soda at the bar entered his mind; it only fueled his anger that much more. Maybe it was the loads of beer that he drunk that night made him forget why she decided to suddenly leave him, but Jon remembered how close she and Swayze were. They weren't together, from what he gathered, but they were obviously close enough to leave together.

This girl, Miss April, the young "school teacher" he mistakenly labeled her as
had
to be here. She intrigued him. Fascinated him really, I mean, what female wanted to pursuer wrestling when she was, in fact, a female? Didn't she know that they hardly made it into the circuit without spreading their legs open?

The pace at which she rejected Jon and Phillip (fucking
Phillip
), and even treated Swayze, told him heaps and bounds about who she was and how she viewed men. It was obvious that she wasn't a ring rat with a good body, but rather a dedicated wrestler in an amazing body. Maybe if she wouldn't have left with Swayze, she would have told him a little more about herself, but all he remember was her hauling ass in tears.

Jon didn't know what the fuck he did.

Looking past Claire, his blue orbs were minimized to slits as he scanned the area of the bistro, almost desperate in his searching for a particular person Swayze might have brought with him. This place was too happy to come eat alone; he
had
to have brought
her
.

He came to the conclusion that if he found Patrick Swayze, he could find his beautiful wrestling goddess. From his peripheral view, he saw Claire cock her head to the side and hesitantly follow his eyes. "What's wrong? Who do you see?"

He ignored her and continued his looking. Damn the fact that this fucking place was always packed. Why couldn't it be empty for this one fucking day?

Strategically starting from the farthest corner from where Jon was sitting, his eyes looked over families, couples, businessmen, officers, and regular customers, but no Swayze. In fact, Jon had no idea where the fuck he went. He remembered him flirting with the cashier, but when he looked over, the girl was giving change to a little girl.

Swayze was gone.

Clucking his hand in defeat, he signed. "Who are you looking for?" Claire asked him, boldly moving her hand forward to place on top of Jon's. Had he not been so bothered by the thought of missing her, he would have probably brushed Claire off like nothing. But right now, he was thinking about her, so Claire's not-so-subtle actions had of no value to him.

"I could have sworn I saw him with..." he wasn't able to finish his sentence because the second a random couple cleaned their table off and left, it left him a clear view of the door and a particular booth.

Sitting in that booth, Patrick Swayze had a coffee in hand and smiles on his face and was chatting animatedly to someone, but Jon's view was blocked by patrons. At this point, Jon was already annoyed. He just wanted to see if it was her.

"Who are you talking about?"

Though Moxley planned on bedding her soon, Claire was irrelevant to Jon at the moment. He couldn't stop staring at Swayze and for a while thought that there was other shit he could be doing rather than staring intently at a man he strongly disliked, and right when frustration was getting the better of him and he was about to stand up to march to Swayze's table, he saw the redhead hold his hands up in an apologetic matter before sliding out of the booth to head for the bathroom.

Finally, with him gone, Jon stood up and peered over the booths, and just when a certain person took one step forward, Jon marveled at the fact that he had been correct.

Sitting alone, cross legged in the opposite side of the booth, was Miss April. Judging by her clothes, and slight amount of sweat that still remained on her brow, she had just come back from a heavy workout. The hot pink sports bra literally clung on to her gorgeous frame and made her supple and kissable breasts delectable. Her hair cascaded down her shoulder, set in beautiful waves that no iron could have done. It had to of been natural, like taking it out of a bun or something. Looking further down, just below the table, from his angle, Jon could see the white leggings she wore shaped and toned her magnificent legs. For a fraction of a second, all he wanted was those beautiful legs wrapped around his waist.

See, a woman this sexy couldn't be passed up. She was simply too irresistible to not talk too.

Apparently the lone business intern that sat at the table right next to her too, because he the young man, no older than 25, stand up and have the audacity to sit in her booth across from her. If the flaring anger wasn't spurring through his veins, he would have found the reaction on her face fucking hilarious. There was no doubt in Jon's mind that this piece of shit was trying to spit game at the girl
he
tried to bring home, but the way her eyes completely burned at the man was a whole different case.

From where he sat, he saw her stare at the man as if he slapped her, before her full lips absolutely
ran
. The way her eyes held fire and her furrowed brows brought out a vein that told him she was pissed, she was tearing this man to fucking shreds.


God,
he thought,
she's fucking hot.


Apparently, whatever she told the scumbag was enough to shock the shit out of him because in a blink, he stood up, poured his coffee down his throat, grabbed his newspaper, and hauled ass out the bistro as if he saw a fucking ghost. The sudden ruckus brought the attention of nearby customers, all nosy and curious as to what happened, but Miss April was quick to change from being terrifyingly vicious to down right sugary sweet. She only smiled at them all apologetically, a (fake) smile that managed to reach her eyes, because everyone turned back around and continued their business.

He
had
to talk to her again.

"Jon! Where are you..." he felt bad, but he knew Claire. He knew her, her story, how she was like in bed (though he'd want another go), so she wasn't prime picking for him right now. But this girl, Miss April, never had a met a girl this mad or this sexy, much less one that wanted to become a wrestler.

He was less than forty feet away and he could see that she was still distressed about the other man, and he was going to make sure that he made her feel better, but... he stopped.

He didn't know what made him turn, but when he did, he was staring straight into familiar green eyes that were closed to slits. They were threatening and angry, and Jon felt like he was caught doing something bad. For a fleeting second, he thought about making a scene, maybe throwing some chairs down, flipping tables, anything to piss off an already mad Swayze and challenge him to a fight, but see, Jon
didn't do shit
.

He was quick to notice Swayze's stance; his muscles were rigid, he could tell because there was no way in hell anyone's traps could look that fucking huge. He shot a glance at his hands and was surprised to see them in clenched, very tightly. He was surprised the bone wasn't breaking out. Looking back up at his eyes though was made Jon decide it was better if he backed down and leave.

He got into plenty of fights over women before, even on some unlucky nights when the boyfriend, fiancé, or husband came back earlier than the girl though, but they were usually inexperienced fighters that just threw punches to see if they could cause damage. Judging by the amount of muscle Swayze was able to pack on, he looked anything but inexperienced. He could tell that if Jon took one more step, he'd probably come charging at him and that would be the end for Moxley.

Turning to look at Miss April, she was still oblivious to Jon's presence. She was constantly looking over her shoulder, scanning the room, and looking at her phone. She was getting impatient that Swayze had no returned, and maybe Jon was beginning to realize why Swayze was all of a sudden so hostile towards him. He remembered Jon from the bar, and he didn't do too good of an impression on him.

Sighing, Jon slumped his shoulders in defeat.
Such a shame,
he heard Moxley think,
I could almost picture how great of a fuck she'd be.
Very slightly, he raised his hands, making sure to not break contact with Swayze, just so he'd know that he wasn't up for a fight. Jon wasn't a pussy by any means, had it been for a greater cause that required immediate action, he could have given Swayze his all, but he wasn't feeling it.

He shook his head as he headed back to his table, grumbling and his mood significantly dampened. To his surprise, Claire was still there and judging by her look, she had seen the whole silent exchange between him and Swayze.

He ignored her questions the second he came back. "Can I get a bag to take this shit home? I don't want to fucking eat anymore." Like hell he was going to let $25 down the drain, even if he only ate like two fries.

Claire sighed. "I'll get you a to-go cup too." She didn't question him further and he was glad for it. Maybe to get his mind off wanting to pummel Swayze and preventing him from talking to April, he'd come back to try to get at Claire again, but right now, he wanted to go home.

She came back seconds later, and seconds later, he managed to throw his once anticipated meal into a bag like it was trash.

He was pissed.

He took his coffee from her hand and only gave her a look that she took with a smile. He was glad that she at least didn't forget he wasn't that much of a talker.

"I'll see you around...?" The way she trailed off made him feel a little bad, but with a nod, he was quick to reassure her.

"Bye Claire." He didn't even turn around after he exited the cafe.

Why'd he always have to do something to fuck up whatever ever good he had going? Recalling the nights before, he might have had a harder time keeping their conversation going that Phillip did, but it was going somewhat smoothly. A whole lot smoother than some of the other conversations he's had with women before. Naturally, he assumed he'd said something stupid to make her react so violently, but what the fuck did he say?!

Approaching the crosswalk, he stood next to other pedestrians and waited.

He wanted to talk to her because, like before, she interested him, and though her actions might have said something else, he had the feeling that she was interested in him too. Rolling his shoulders, he felt a pair of eyes on him. Looking around him, nobody was even staring in his general direction, but a glimpse in the cafe window did.

Looking up, his blue eyes widened slightly.

There, behind the thin pane of the window, she sat, a drink in her hand, and the same surprised expression on her face.

For that one second, they locked eyes. Troubled blue with distressed brown, but the look they scared with each other was innocent. It was impossible for him to say anything and he knew that it was almost impossible to break the stare.

Then, ever so slightly, the corners of her lips curved up and she finally tore her eyes from him. Even after, he could still see the remains of her smile.

Then the light turned green.


I'm baaaaaaaaaaaaaack!

I want to apologize deeply for taking such a long break, but I'm honestly working myself to death with school and stuff. This semester was honestly pretty hectic and whatnot, but for a 4.3 GPA going into my senior year, it was all good. Anyway, also want to thank everyone for their continued support! It's made the process of coming back from such a long break a shitton more bearable, and so shoutouts to you guys!

Anyways, I wanted to make a quick note that because I've been doing a lot of research on both Ambrose and Lee from waaaaay back before they were major superstars, most of the characters will be some that you guys have never heard of, partly because some wrestle on the independent circuit (for those of you who do watch it, I'll let you know in advance who is who), and partly because I make up a great handful of some of these characters. So be warned, there's going to be a lot of OC's, but they'll be minor and will eventually fade away, I promise. Also, if you guys have any questions or concerns regarding the plot, or are just confused, feel free to PM me and I'll happily explain.

Any who, make sure to read and review guys! I love reading the comment and
*hint*
they make me update faster! I promise that AJ's part will be posted within the next month, but definitely before school starts in August!

So until then!

>