

Emily takes a sip of coffee, hating the feeling of styrofoam against her mouth. She can't help but make a face as she sets it down and pushes it aside.

"How do they drink this every day?" JJ asks quietly, a look a disgust on her face.

"Maybe you really
can
get used to anything," Emily replies.

They're in New Jersey, working on a case involving a missing newborn.

"I never want to 'get used' to terrible coffee," JJ says, and Emily raises her brows in agreement.

"This doesn't make any sense," Emily says, looking down at the documents they've been going over. "I can't find anything connecting any of these victims."

JJ sighs, shaking her head.

"Spence and Rossi will be back soon. Hopefully they have something."

Emily's phone buzzes; she replies to a text message from Violet before leaning back in her chair and stretching.

"Vi?" JJ asks.

Emily nods. "Yeah. She wants to go to New York, for some show. Overnight."

"Alone?" JJ responds, looking put off.

Emily gives her a look. "Apparently Matty's older brother is going, too."

JJ's face remains the same.

"I said no," Emily says, as though this should obvious.

JJ's brow stops furrowing.

"Is she going all teenager on you?"

"Ohhh yeah," Emily replies.

"What's the show?"

"Dave Chappelle."

JJ looks stunned. "Dave Chappelle? Seriously? He hasn't had a show in years.
Years
."

Emily stares at her. "You sound like Violet."

"When is it?" JJ asks.

"Next weekend," Emily replies. "Saturday."

"
We
should go," JJ says, a look of glee on her face.

"What?" Emily grins, surprised at JJ's enthusiasm.

"We should! Take the girls and Matty, have a night out."

"Can you imagine if instead of telling her no, I told Violet that she can go but
I'm
coming? I'm not sure what she'd like less."

"Oh, come on. It'll be fun."

"I didn't know you were such a fan," Emily chuckles.

"He's hilarious," she replies. "And has been out of the spotlight for years.
Years
, Emily."

"Alright," Emily says, giving her a look as she turns away. "Calm down."

"Text her," JJ demands, pointing at her phone.

Emily holds up a hand to slow her down as she picks up her phone. "Jeez," she murmurs.

Derek and Hotch enter the room, looking a little less hopeless than they did this morning.

"So?" JJ asks.

"Someone believes they spotted a young woman with a baby at a rest stop just outside of town," Derek replies. "Matches the description of the baby's clothes and blanket, but that's all we're going on right now."

"Well let's go," JJ says, standing up.

She forgets about New York and Emily, as she heads for the door.


"She just seemed off, y'know?" the owner of the rest stop squints as he talks. "Didn't say much. Didn't really make eye contact. I mean, not everyone does, but still. Figured I'd call it in."

"We're glad you did," Hotch nods. "Did she pay with cash?"

"Yeah," he nods. "Just to fill up the car and then she was gone. Didn't even get a chance to catch the license plate."

"What kind of car?" Derek asks.

"Grey. Silver, kinda. Four-door, like a sedan, I guess."

Emily looks around the rest stop, checking for cameras.

She points at one. "You got her on camera?"

"Nah," the man shakes his head, looking sorry. "That one's been broken for weeks. I keep forgetting to fix it. She managed to avoid the other ones."

Emily nods, looking around.

"Thanks," Hotch says to the man, and leads the rest of the team outside.

"Think it's him?" Derek asks, referring to the baby.

His name is Ben, and he's only a few weeks old. He was nabbed from a parking lot while his mother, Kelly, turned away to set some groceries in the car. The distraught woman had barely been able to tell police what happened.

"I've got a feeling," JJ puts in. "Yeah, a lot of babies have that car seat, or that blanket, but both?"

Emily has been able to sense JJ's anxiety over this case. It makes sense. They all get a little bothered by kidnapping cases.

Hotch agrees, so everyone hops back into the two Suburbans and they head off, following in the direction the woman headed.


"These kid cases," Emily murmurs, shaking her head as she drives.

"I know," JJ mumbles, chewing her lip. "Makes me feel like my stomach is rolling around."

Emily sighs.

They follow Hotch and Derek; a call comes through from Penelope.

"Greetings, my lovelies. I call bearing good news."

"Oh, thank god," JJ exhales.

"The woman managed to stay off camera, but one of the outside security cameras managed to get a small shot of the car. We're looking for a 2011 Ford Focus. New Jersey plates."

"You're the best, Garcia," Emily says.

"Tell me that once we find this little guy," she replies.


A search of other missing infants didn't turn up anything, so they start looking through women who've recently given birth. The idea that a mother who may have lost her own baby and kidnapped Ben makes the most sense.

Except they aren't finding any infant fatalities over the past few months.

It's been two and a half days of looking for Ben, and they're feeling on edge.

Several reports of the vehicle have put the female driver all over New Jersey.

"What if it's not a recent death?" Emily suggests.

The team looks to her, listening.

"I mean, what if it's an anniversary of a death or something? She loses her own baby, a year later she's triggered. Takes Ben."

It's a good possibility.

Penelope starts looking even further, back over the past year.

The team sits in the room in the Jersey police station, listening to Penelope's fingers type lightning-fast across her keyboard.

"Oh—oh my," she murmurs.

Emily wishes she had just come with them. This is a tough case for her, too. A pregnant woman investigating the kidnapping of a newborn is not an easy job.

"Garcia?" she says, concerned.

"Um, a year ago," she begins, clearing her throat. "A year ago Monday, Sarah Hill's baby boy was found dead in his crib."

Emily looks to JJ and then down at her tablet, as a photo of a woman appears. She matches the descriptions they've gotten so far. Late twenties, early thirties; brown hair; slight build. The woman in the license photo looks happy, her future tragedy unimaginable.

"Cause of death?" Rossi asks.

"Just…natural causes," Penelope says quietly. "SIDS."

"Sudden infant death syndrome," JJ mumbles, mostly to herself.

"Oh god," Penelope almost whispers. "Sarah found him. She went in to get him and he was already…he was gone. He had died hours before."

Emily closes her eyes for a moment, pushing that image from her mind.

"Sounds like hell," she says. "And a definite trigger."

"You got a home address, Garcia?" Hotch asks.


Sarah Hill's husband hasn't seen her in days. He doesn't very surprised to find three agents on his doorstep. He invites Rossi, Hotch, and Emily in.

"You didn't think to call? Report her missing?" Rossi asks.

David Hill shrugs, looking ashamed but forlorn. "Sometimes she just…goes away for awhile. A week or so."

"Goes away?" Hotch repeats.

"Our cabin. A hotel. Just…away. Ever since…"

"Ever since your son died?" Emily finishes gently.

David blinks. "Yeah," he nods, his voice wavering.

"His name was Ben," Emily murmurs, as JJ drives the Suburban towards the location of the Hill family cabin.

"Yeah," JJ replies.

It's quiet for a moment.

"I just…can't even imagine," JJ goes on. "To find your baby…like that."

"Me neither," Emily shakes her head.


The drive takes them to a secluded lake area, where a spattering of cabins are set around the water.

JJ pulls up to a picturesque cottage. A silver Ford Focus is parked out front.

The two women exchange a look as JJ shuts off the vehicle and they get out.

Sarah Hill isn't herself. The woman in the license photo, the woman who David described, died with her son. The pretty, smiling woman from the photo is not who they find inside the cabin, rocking Ben McCallister in a rocking chair.

Emily and JJ holster their guns as they softly talk, not wanting to startle or upset Sarah.

"He's beautiful, isn't he?" she murmurs, not even looking up at them.

She just stares at the baby, sleeping in her arms.

"He is," JJ agrees. "You've taken such good care of him."

Sarah smiles, still only looking at the baby.

"It's all I ever wanted…I just wanted to be a mom."

Hotch and the others keep their guns out, but they all know they don't need them. Sarah won't hurt Ben. They're just worried at this point that she'll hurt herself.

Emily and JJ talk to Sarah, finally getting her to raise her eyes after she asks if they have children.

"Yes," Emily replies.

Sarah's bright blue eyes meet hers.

"A boy?" she asks, hopefully.

Emily shakes her head slightly. "A girl. She's not really a baby anymore."

"She'll always be your baby," Sarah looks confused.

"Yes," Emily nods in agreement. "And Ben will always be your baby. Your Ben."

"Yes," Sarah smiles again, looking down at Ben McCallister.

"May I?" JJ asks.

Sarah frowns slightly.

"He gets fussy…when other people hold him," she tells JJ.

"I have twins at home," JJ goes on, as though talking to a friend. "I miss when they were this tiny."

Sarah considers her.

"Boys?" she asks.

"A boy and a girl," she replies, making her way closer to Sarah. She's arms-length away now.

"Baby boys are just the sweetest," Sarah murmurs. "Mothers and sons, they have a special bond."

"They do," JJ agrees. "You're their first love."

Sarah smiles again.

"May I?" JJ repeats.

Sarah's smile disappears and is replaced by a scowl.

"I told you, he gets fussy. Only I can hold him. If anything happened to him, I would just
die
."

JJ swallows, nodding.

"I know the feeling."

Sarah's demeanour is more anxious. She frowns slightly as she holds Ben and rocks him.

"Some people don't take proper care of their babies," she says. "They need to be watched. Always. Something can happen in…in the blink of an eye."

She looks dazed as she stares into the carpet.

Emily can only imagine the emotions that are fleeting through this woman's body. She glances at Spencer, who nods to encourage her and JJ.

"Sometimes," Emily agrees with Sarah's statement. "But it doesn't always mean it's anyone's fault."

Sarah rocks, staring at the carpet.

"No," she shakes her head. "A mother is responsible for her baby."

"Sarah," she murmurs gently, waiting a couple moments before the woman finally meets her eyes. "You were a good mother."

The words seem to break her. Her eyes are immediately swimming and tears start falling.

"It's all I ever wanted," she tells them again. "To be a mom. To be a good mom."

"It wasn't your fault," Emily says.

JJ is ready to take the baby, if Sarah moves.

"You were a good mother," Emily repeats.

Her rocking slows as deep, heaving sobs take over Sarah's body. JJ takes the opportunity to reach forward and take the baby as Emily puts her arms around Sarah.

The sound of the heavy sobbing fills the room, and Emily's own eyes sting with tears.


Kelly and Mark McCallister leap to their feet as the team enters the police station; JJ holding Ben in a warm bundle of blankets. There are no dry eyes as the parents take their son back into their arms and hold him, and each other.

It's a rare happy ending, but it doesn't make Emily any less eager to get home.

She can see that her friend is feeling the same anxiety to get back to her babies.

On the jet, she reaches over and squeezes JJ's hand.

"You okay?"

JJ nods, taking a deep breath.

"All these years, you've been doing this job, seeing people lose their children. Seeing kids die. I feel like I see everything differently, now that Frankie and Henry are here."

Emily nods.

"I just want to get home and hold them," JJ says, blinking back tears.

"We're almost there," Emily squeezes her hand again.

JJ smiles gratefully.

A moment later she clears her throat, changing the subject.

"So, New York?"

Emily grins. "Yeah?"

"Oh, yeah," JJ nods.


It's dinnertime by the time Emily pulls into the parking garage at home. She walks in to find Violet and James laughing as they stand on opposite sides of the kitchen, attempting to throw grapes for the other one to catch in their mouths.

Emily watches as James gets underneath Violet's toss and expertly catches a grape. He raises both arms in the air.

"Yes! That's 25 to 21."

They both turn their beaming smiles on Emily.

"Hi, love."

"Hey Mom."

They say it in unison, as they step forward to hug her.

"How'd it go?" James asks.

"Good, actually," Emily replies, hugging them a moment longer. "Happy ending."

"Really?" Violet asks, surprised.

"Yeah," Emily smiles. "Ben is home, safe with his parents."

Violet's hand comes to rest on her heart. "Oh my god," she furrows her brow. "Good. I couldn't stop thinking about it."

Emily runs a hand over her head, smiling.

"What are
you
two doing?" she raises her brow.

"Grape Wars," James replies, tossing a grape and catching it himself. "I'm winning."

"You're cheating," Violet objects.

"I would
never
," James stares at her, offended.

"You used stools and the counter as props to gain your balance," she points out. "Cheating."

"Okay, no. That's not a thing," he disagrees.

Emily just laughs, setting her bag on the island and shrugging off her jacket.

"We didn't cook anything yet," Violet explains. "We thought you might wanna order in."

"Sounds good," Emily agrees dismissively. "So, about New York."

"You changed your mind?" Violet looks beyond surprised.

"No," Emily half-chuckles. "Obviously you cannot go to New York overnight."

She looks at Violet with her head tilted.

"Yeah," Violet exhales. "I knew it was a long shot."

"No," Emily shakes her head. "Not even. It's not even a possibility."

Violet doesn't look surprised. She kind of shrugs to herself and tosses a grape in the air.

"But…"

Violet's brow raises as she stares at her mother. The grape hits the ground.

"JJ expressed some interest in going," Emily finishes.

Violet doesn't hate that idea.

"
You two
are gonna come?" she asks.

"Maybe," Emily shrugs, taking a handful of grapes for herself.

Violet chews her lip, thinking. "Cool."

She picks up her dropped grape as Emily and James share a flummoxed look.

"Cool?" Emily repeats.

"Yeah," Violet shrugs, tossing the grape again and catching it.

She sees them both staring at her and rolls her eyes with a little laugh.

"I didn't
actually
think you'd let me go," she says, looking at them as though
they're
the children.

They both look confused and surprised, exchanging looks.

Violet gives them a look, as though they're very dim-witted.

"You guys," she says, tilting her head, as she throws a grape at James who moves like a flash and catches it.

"Heeyyyy," Violet says, impressed. James nods, impressed with himself too.

"But that doesn't count," Violet says straight-faced.

James gives her a look but she tosses another grape and yells, "Go!" so he quickly pays attention to focus on the grape.

>