


Hey guys! I'm sorry I haven't updated in a while but I got caught up in my other story 'Divergent No War'. I just wanted to say that this story is currently sitting at 82 reviews, so close to 100! I am hoping to reach 100 reviews within the next two chapters! A shout out to reviewer 100! Anyways, here is chapter 18. Enjoy!



Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games and I am pretty sure I never will :(




Peeta's POV



Haymitch lives two houses down from me so I expected an easy walk over there but instead I find myself face-to-face with someone who I really don't need to talk to right now and he looks furious.


Gale


I try to ignore him and walk past but he grabs my arm.

"Let it go Gale," I say harshly. "Not now."

"And why not now, Mellark? She is still lost and it is all your fault!"

I want to retaliate but I don't want this to end up in a fight so a shove him off me and begin to walk away before a punch hits me in the side of the head and knocks me a bit off balance, but that doesn't stop me from turning around and 'giving him a taste of his own medicine'.

"Not now Gale," I say again, with more force this time.

"AND WHY NOT?" he says yelling.

"Because they found her" I say quietly. "They found her and now a few of us are visiting,"

"A few of you? Who does that include?"

"Her family. Katniss' mother, Prim, Haymitch and I." I say, standing taller.

"You and Haymitch are no where close to being her family. I SHOULD BE THE ONE GOING! I was the one, who kept her alive all these years, the one who made sure Prim and her mother didn't starve while you two were busy making out!" he says furiously.

"We are more family to her than you have ever been. You may have been close before but you were the one who threw your relationship with her away when you couldn't accept that she doesn't love you the way you want her to." I say calmly, holding back my anger towards him.

Gale lets out a frustrated scream and I just walk away.

"This isn't over Mellark!" he yells and just reply with,

"It was over a long time ago. It's time to move on," and with that, I enter Haymitch's house with the good news.



Katniss' POV



I slowly open my eyes, the world around me still fuzzy from sleep.

When I finally manage to regain focus, I am not home where I thought I was. I look down and see several tubes sticking out my arm.

I try to remember what happened but all that is in my mind is that terrible dream. At least, I think it was a dream.

I begin to observe my surroundings, trying to figure where I am. It doesn't look like the District twelve hospital. Too fancy, too….
Capitol.


It wasn't a dream after all.

Then, a nurse walks in my room. She must of not noticed I was awake because she just walks right in without a comment and looks at some papers.

"Who are you?" I manage to croak out.

"Oh! Mrs. Mellark! I didn't know you were awake! How are you feeling? Are you dizzy? Hungry?" she says with a bit of an odd accent, like she had picked it up after a while.

"I'm okay, I guess. Just a little dizzy and very thirsty." I say, my throat dry.

"You must be. You were very dehydrated when we found you," she says smiling, handing me a glass of water.

I try to sip it but I am so thirsty.

"I believe you have some visitors," the nurse says, handing me another glass.

I am about to ask who when I see Peeta walk in. I notice he has a cut on his face and his knuckles are split.

"Peeta? Are you okay? What happened?" I croak.

He doesn't reply. Instead he runs over and holds me tightly, aware of my big stomach.

"I thought I lost you," he whispers.

"It's okay. I still here. You will never lose me," I say, hugging back.

"No matter how hard we try, we will never lose you Sweetheart." says a familiar voice.

I look up to see Haymitch along with my mother and Prim.

"Mom, Haymitch, Prim" I choke.

Prim runs over and hugs me and my mother and Haymitch stand by my side.

We stay like this for a few minutes until a doctor comes in.

"Mrs. Mellark," he says. "It's time for your ultrasound."

I suck in a deep breath, but nod in agreement. Haymitch notices this as his cue for him to leave and he leads my mother and Prim out with him.

"Everything will be alright, sweetheart. No matter what happens, everything will be alright." Haymitch says as he places a kiss on my forehead. Then, he is out the door and it is just me, Peeta and the doctor.

"I know this is tough to hear, but you must prepare for the worst." the doctor says and a small tear slips out and I quickly brush it away. I must be strong, but what if I lose both my babies?

I take a deep breath as the doctor places the cool gel on my stomach.

Peeta and I wait in silence, hand in hand.

The doctors facial expression never changes so it is hard to tell what is going on.

"I have some good news and some bad news," he says, looking up from the computer screen. "Which would you like to hear first?"

Peeta looks at me to tell me it is my choice.

"The good news," I say.

"Right then," the doctor says smiling. "Your little girl is alive and healthy for the most part. She may have difficulty walking, but she is alive."

I let out a sigh of relief and look over at Peeta who looks a little concerned.

"And what is the bad news?" Peeta asks.

The doctors smile quickly fades and his face is full of sadness and something I can't quite make out.

"Well, while your baby girl is healthy and alive," he pauses, "the same cannot be said for your baby boy. I am so very sorry for you lost."

My loss. My loss of my baby boy.

I look over at Peeta who has tears falling one after another.

We both feel the same way. Even though our son was never born, we loved him very much, and there will always be a piece of us missing now. We will never be whole again.


I know! You guys hate me for killing her son and I am really sorry but I had too! He will be mentioned later in the story but I hate to say he will not be coming back alive :( Please leave a review with thoughts comments, how much you loathe me, ideas or pm me. Please review even if you hated it! Only 18 more reviews until 100! Shout out to reviewer number 100!



dftba- b. loves. books


>