


Seam


Prim spins around as soon as the door quietly clicks shut behind me. Her hands, dripping from the water she uses to wash their dinner dishes, end up on her hips and her eyes stay focused on me. She looks so much like our mother used to in this position, in memories that I've almost forgotten, fuzzy with the passing of time. Her long blonde hair, curled from the braids she wears to school, dips down passed her shoulder blades and her wide blue eyes fill with anticipation. I remember, before everything, my mother used to have similar expressions. She'd place her hands on her hips, much like Prim, when conversing with my father.

"Well," Prim says, pulling me from my thoughts to give her my full attention.

"Well what?"

I turn and walk toward our bedroom. Our mother must be out with a patient as there is no trace of another soul in the house besides the two of us – and Buttercup of course, who is curled up by Prim's pillow in our bed.

"Katniss!"

I ignore Prim's screech and toss Buttercup to the ground. He growls angrily before scampering away toward the windowsill. Out in the main living area, I can hear Prim hastily wiping her hands on the towel beside the sink and then the tell tale sound of her bare feet on the wooden floor.

My head hits the pillow just as Prim enters the room. She lies down in her spot, our heads now barely more than a few inches apart. Her eyes are still the same wideness they were before, but the anticipation has now faded.

"How was it?" she asks.

Prim knows only vague details about what happened in the cafeteria today. Or at least she did when I talked to her earlier this afternoon. She has a different lunch period, as our small cafeteria would never fit all the upper school students in it at the same time, and missed it all. Perhaps she has heard more gossip from her friends in the time since I left her on our porch on my way to the meadow, but as far as I know for certain she just knows what I told her, which wasn't much. Just that Peeta had a disagreement with his friends concerning me, and that I needed to be there with him this afternoon. She agreed and all but pushed me passed our house and toward the meadow.

"Fine," I tell her. I recall the look on Peeta's face this afternoon when I followed him out of the cafeteria. The dark circles under his eyes made it apparent that he hadn't had much sleep the previous night and that was only confirmed when I realized he had fallen asleep in the grass waiting for me. "He was exhausted so we just laid in the meadow for a while and then he walked me home."

I lied to him when I told him the fence was on. He needed to rest and I really didn't need to go beyond the fence. I didn't even bring my game bag with me to meet him. The excuse was just to see him.

"How are you doing?" she asks.

"I'm scared for him, Prim," I tell her. "I'm scared that we're walking into a huge mess."

Prim reaches out and takes my hand, entwining our fingers together between us on the bed. She gives me a small smile.

"That's okay," she says.

I shake my head and glare at her. "It's not
okay
. If it weren't for me, he'd be safe from all of this."

She shrugs and reaches for my cheek, catching my first tear with the pad of her thumb.

"You both take care of each other," she says. "It's what you do. So, no matter what happens, if you keep doing that, everything will be okay."

"I can't protect him from this fallout. And there's going to be. I just know it."

Prim sighs and wraps her little arms around me. It seems so backwards – Prim comforting me. She really is growing up right in front of my eyes and yet I've barely noticed until recently. Prim has always been kind and nurturing, but when did she become so tall and strong, rather than the flimsy little girl of her youth? The one I always knew I needed to protect, even before my father died and our mother lost herself.

"You can't protect everyone from everything, Katniss. No matter how much you think you can," she says, pressing a kiss to my temple. "We all need challenges though or else we won't grow."

"I wish you'd stop growing," I mutter. I can feel her smirk against my face.

"Well I think you're in luck there," she says. "I think I've pretty much reached full height."

I turn in her embrace so my head is against her shoulder, my arms around her waist. She rests her head against the top of mine in response, her fingers continuing to play with my hair.

"When did you get so smart?" I ask, more to myself than actually meaning for her to answer.

"I learned from the best."

She gives me a squeeze and for a moment we just sit in each other's embrace. My heart pounds with the knowledge that I'm willingly putting Peeta in danger of losing everything. It's something that I've been fighting for so long, pushing Peeta away in order to protect him, and I'm still getting used to the idea that this is okay. It's going to have to be okay.

...

The final bell rings. Peeta's chair remains empty.

My eyes lock with Delly Cartwright's when she turns around, probably feeling my gaze. She doesn't acknowledge me but instead turns back to the front of the classroom where our teacher is now marking down on a slip of paper the absent students. One of the Peacekeepers will stop by our classroom within the next hour to retrieve the slip on his way around the school and then the different Peacekeepers assigned to truancy checks will travel the district, knock on doors, and figure out if the missing students adequately fit the profile for someone to stay home. If that's not the case, the fine is costly. No one misses school and the fact that Peeta isn't here after what happened makes the hair on my forearm rise.

Focus evades me all day and I'm lucky that my teacher doesn't call on me during the class period. My eyes never leave Peeta's vacant seat. When I'm forced to leave the room for lunch, my stomach rolls and I'm afraid that if I put the food I brought in my mouth I'll only waste it when it makes a reappearance. Instead, I stand from my seat beside Madge and walk out of the room, finding solitude in the girls' bathroom where I splash cool water on my face in hopes of making the nausea go away.

It doesn't – and the mirror shows that my face is gaunt, pupils perpetually dilated to make the gray nearly invisible.

When I meet Prim at our regular spot after the school day finishes, I must look just as terrible because her arms instantly wrap around me in a tight embrace.

"I'm sure he's just sick," she says when she lets go and starts to lead me away from the school.

My sister's words are all I need to realize just how much of a mess all of this has become. I have never been one for gossip and have mostly kept myself from hearing any of it through the years, but Prim wouldn't know about Peeta's unusual absence unless she heard it from someone else. Everyone must be having such a time talking about why Peeta is out of school today. I'm not sure I want to know any more than that.

We're halfway through Town before it dawns on me that Prim is taking me home on the route that passes the bakery. When she comes to a stop, looking vaguely like she wants to see the cakes in the window, I keep walking. Stopping at the bakery will just make things that much worse and I have already seen the effects that communicating with me have on Peeta. Before I can get too far ahead, Prim grabs my hand and subtly nods toward the window. Mrs. Mellark is not at her usual post in the front of the store and instead it's one of the brothers. Prim looks around quickly and I try to hold my ground, but she yanks me through the door, the bells ringing in our arrival.

The brother looks up when the bells sound and a range of emotions pass across his face – from surprise to confusion to what might possibly be anger. My sister is undeterred but she's still only thirteen and if I weren't so upset by Peeta's absence in school today I'd have exercised my strength against her.

"Is Peeta in the back?" my sister asks, her voice so high pitched and sweet that she sounds innocent to all of the drama around us.

The brother grinds his teeth together. "He's sick," he mumbles. "Can I help you with anything?"

Prim nudges my shoulder. "See, I told you he was just sick."

"You two need to leave before our mother gets back," the brother says. I take Prim's wrist. "If she sees you..."

I understand his warning. Mrs. Mellark has never been my biggest fan. She used to chase Prim and me away from the window with a broom. I can only imagine what her thoughts of me are now that it's my name in connection with the gossip surrounding her son.

"We're leaving," I insist.

Prim glares at me when I jerk her wrist. "Don't be ashamed by your concern, Katniss."

"I'm not," I tell her, aware that the brother is still staring at us, probably cursing us with each second we're still standing in front of him. "It's better for all of us that we're not here."

The door to the back swings open and my entire body tenses. My first thought, the one that makes my blood run cold, is that it's Mrs. Mellark coming back and I want Prim as far away from her as possible. But the person who comes through the swinging door is not the Mellark matriarch; it's the other brother.

"Hey, Rye, how are we doing on–" he's saying as he walks, but he shuts up as soon as she notices the two of us. His face hardens and, although all three nearly identical brothers resemble the baker, I am reminded fiercely of their mother. "Get out, Everdeen. Haven't you done enough?"

With both of them standing side by side, I know this one to be the oldest.

"We're just leaving."

"And don't come back," the oldest brother sneers. "We've decided to change our trading practices as well, so your services are no longer needed. And know that we have no problem reporting to Peacekeepers if there are issues of trespassing."

All of Prim's gusto disappears at the harshness of the brother's tone. He crosses his arms over his broad chest and I turn to Prim, yanking her wrist once again. This time, she's much more pliable, moving with my direction rather than standing firm. It takes little effort to drag her away from the store and through the remainder of Town before we hit the Seam.

Prim is much too quiet for the duration of our walk home. Once we pass into the familiar beaten paths of the Seam, her quick steps slow and her head doesn't lift, even when we pass by children I know she would normally wave to in greeting. Rather than enter our house, she bypasses the porch and goes to the side yard, where Lady is tied up and bleeting. Prim's fingers stroke behind the goat's ear, much like she would do with Buttercup, and she doesn't speak until I'm getting ready to go inside.

"Is that what it's like when you get rejected?"

I frown. "Rejected from what?"

"By merchants when you go to trade," Prim clarifies. "Are they always that cruel?"

I shrug. I have never been sneered at for trading by a merchant. Gale already had an established route when I joined in and the only time I've ever been denied was during lean times of the year when the merchants have little to trade themselves. There are merchants that I know not to bargain with and I've always avoided them. The apothecary is known throughout the district as being particularly cruel to those from the Seam, as is the tanner and the grocer, while the cobbler and the baker were always friendly and honest. Knowing the Mellarks as well, I can imagine that sneering done by the oldest brother is tame in comparison to what it could be.

But Prim doesn't know that. My sister has never really interacted with adults in the businesses. As far as she goes into Town is school each day and the Reaping once a year. Besides that I have handled the majority of our family's cross lines interactions. That is one thing that I have managed to protect her from – the prejudice that comes with where we live. My sister has lived her entire life just outside of reality when it comes to this part of our lives and I never really wanted that to change.

I don't know what to say, but my silence says enough. She stops petting Lady and walks by me into the house, leaving me with a whiny goat and a pit in the bottom of my gut.

...

The final bell rings. For the second day in a row, Peeta's chair remains empty.

Around me, I can hear the whispers of our classmates. Their voices, low and grumbling, must be talking about Peeta and the reasons why he is missing. The only thing that makes me breathe easy today is that Delly Cartwright looks a lot less startled by his absence. Yesterday she appeared just as flustered as I felt. Now, while her shoulders are tense, her eyes are no longer focused on the door, waiting for it to open, like she did yesterday.

As our teacher begins the lesson, I try to calm my breathing. Most of the time students still come to school when sick – they'd rather be sent home than risk a fine if a Peacekeeper deems the illness inadequate. Darius, who is in charge of our section of the Seam, tends to be lenient, or perhaps I'm biased because my mother is a healer and knows when our illnesses are worthy of remaining homebound. I have no idea which of the Peacekeeper would check on Peeta and how strict they are in their decisions.

Madge taps her fingers on the desk beside me. The consistent beats mimic the pounding of my heart and only add to my nerves. If I could just see Peeta and ensure his absence is due to a fever rather than a broken skull by the hands of his mother because of his interactions with me, I would feel a lot better. I am selfish. I need to know that it's not me causing him pain.

When the bell rings for lunch, I don't go inside the cafeteria. Instead, I lock myself in one of the stalls of the bathroom like I did yesterday, not wanting anyone to see how wet my eyes have become. This is all one giant mess that I've caused when all I ever wanted was for Peeta to live out his life with the luxuries that merchant life can afford. How did all of this so drastically change?

I don't want to go back to class. I unlock the stall door and go to the mirror. The whites of my eyes have turned bloodshot and I'm sure anyone looking at me would know exactly what I spent the last twenty-five minutes doing. I wipe my cheeks with the back of my hand, trying to make myself appear a little presentable, but I freeze the moment I hear the door open.

Luck seems to be in my favor at the moment at least because of all the girls who could have walked in, it's Delly Cartwright, the one girl who I'm nearly positive won't have anything to stay to me besides a friendly hello.

Delly stops in the doorway, the swinging door nearly hitting her on its way back around. Maybe I was wrong – maybe Delly will have some choice words to say to me. She is one of Peeta's best friends after all and, before he started dating someone else, a girl I found myself jealous of on more occasions than I would like to admit.

"Katniss," she says. "Are you alright?"

I'm sure that I could count the times I've spoken to Delly on my fingers. Unless I was at the cobbler's, there was never really a need to talk to her. Besides an occasional hello or wave done exclusively by her, Delly Cartwright and I have lived parallel and yet completely opposite lives. There was no need for us to ever intersect.

But, before I can even think to retract the words, they're out of my mouth and settling between us like a thick fog.

"Have you seen him?"

Delly doesn't say anything at first. She just stares at me. It seems like hours before she speaks.

"No," she says finally. "I went yesterday but I couldn't go up. I did talk to Rye though and I'm going back today."

"Oh."

She steps toward me and puts her hands on my shoulders. My guard flies up and I can tell she notices me tense, but she doesn't waver. She doesn't let go.

"Tell me one thing," she says. "Do you really care about him? He's my best friend and I need to make sure he has someone in his corner."

I'm not sure what she's talking about, but the way she words her responses makes me the hair on my arms stand up. My denial vaporizes almost instantly. Peeta isn't sick. I'm not sure what exactly is going on, but he's in trouble and if I had to guess it has to do with his mother. My stomach flips. The nausea returns. The lump in my throat pushes all the way to the top.

Delly throws her arms around me the moment right before the first sob wracks through my body.

"Shh," she says quietly. Her kindness rivals Prim's. "It's going to be okay. He's going to be okay."

Never in a million years would I have expected this situation. Where is my fight? I can't even get any words out. When I think about Peeta, possibly hurt by his mother, I feel the pain I imagine he's in. I want to take him away from there. I want to put him someplace where he can't be hurt anymore. But there really isn't anywhere in the district that I can ensure his safety.

I'm not sure how long we stay there, but it's long enough for one of the teachers to come into the bathroom looking for us. She makes eye contract with us only briefly before walking out and through the crack in the doorway I can hear her talking to a Peacekeeper, telling him that we're in there with permission. We're ill, apparently. The Peacekeeper must not argue because we aren't forced out into our lesson.

All of this kindness is overwhelming. I don't deserve it, considering that I'm walking Peeta to his grave.

...

When I come home that day, I put on my nightclothes and fall into bed. I curl up, clutching my pillow in my arms, and stare at the wall across from me. At some point in the day, or probably early evening, my mother starts to make her way into the room, but I hear Prim stop her, insisting on her letting me be. My mother doesn't argue because she knows it's not her place to mother me.

At one point, Prim brings me soup, but I refuse. She leaves it on the table in case I want it later.

All I can think about is Peeta and my mind is consumed with worry. Peeta has taken so much for me in the past and I'm instantly brought back to the bread, the bruise on his face, the knowledge that he did it on purpose. Why does someone so good have to suffer so much? It isn't the way things should work. Not at all.

Prim and my mother leave me alone but I'm not sure it's entirely due to their own consciences. We don't seem to have a door tonight. With the cold weather seeping in quickly, the younger children are sneezing, coughing, and running fevers. Most of the families stop by early in the night and once they stop filing in for assistance, Prim and my mother stay out in the main room until it's time for them to come to bed. I pretend to be asleep when they come in. They quickly drift off to sleep, if Prim's soft snores beside me are any indication, and I'm the only one awake when someone knocks on the door in the middle of the night.

Prim and my mother bolt right up, ready to take whatever sick person has come for their immediate assistance. I wrap the blanket even tighter around me. I've learned over the years that only the sickest of the sick come in the dead of night. Unless someone thinks they're dying, they'll wait until morning because no one wants to risk being out after curfew, even if we're sure none of the Peacekeepers would actually whip us for it.

I hear Prim gasp and cover my ears with the pillow. I don't do well with patients on good days. My stomach flops with the knowledge that they're probably looking at a dying man coming to them for a miracle.

The door to our room opens and I can just barely make out Prim's heavy footsteps. She must have forgotten something in the room – what I have no idea.

"Katniss," she says. And then she shakes me with her hands. I pull the pillow from my ears and turn to her.

"What?" I hiss.

She looks at me with wide eyes, any remnants of sleep completely gone.

"Peeta's here."

The next few moments happen in a blur. My feet hit the floor and then I'm charging out of the room. Once I'm in the doorway, I see him. He's sitting on our couch, his hand being examined by my mother. I feel lightheaded with giddiness at the sight of him – here, not sick, not hurt too badly, not dead. I make a funny squeaking sound that barely sounds human and that's when he notices me, his features lighting up. He pulls his hand away from my mother and leaps to his feet, moving toward me.

It takes me only a few steps to leap into his arms, wrapping my own around his neck and pressing my face into the soft skin I find there. I just melt in his arms, murmuring against his skin. "You're okay. You're okay."

"Be careful with his hand," I hear my mother say and that's the first time it registers that we're not the only two in the room.

The heat rises into my cheeks and I don't dare turn around to where I know Prim is watching from the doorway to our room. I can imagine the cheeky grin I'll find there anyway. Over Peeta's shoulder, I can see my mother's face flashing with surprise and maybe something as strong as disbelief. But at the moment my embarrassment is overshadowed by what my mother actually said.

"What's wrong with your hand?"

Peeta shakes his head. "Nothing."

"Peeta."

He sighs. "My mother stepped on it, but it might not even be broken."

"It's broken," my mother says.

I glance down at the hand that Peeta still has down by his side. His other is wrapped around me, but this one is dangling limply.

"Is that all?"

"My ribs are sore, but I think they're just bruised."

I move my arms from his neck and take a step back. The last thing I want to do is hurt him more, when all of this is my fault anyway.

My mother goes into healer mode then, instructing Peeta to take his shirt off and lay on our couch so she can examine him. I follow, my hand clenching his good one. His upper body is covered with purple blotches, mostly on his right side. She comes to the same conclusion that Peeta did – his ribs are not broken, just bruised, but his hand is a whole other story. She wants to wrap it in a splint.

Prim retrieves her supplies from our kitchen area and brings them to her and I watch the entire time. It's almost as if I'm afraid to let Peeta out of my sight and in a way I suppose I am. I squeeze his hand until she has everything set.

My mother tells him that he can sleep on the couch and she gives me a hard stare before retreating back into the bedroom. It has been a long time since my mother has held any control though, so I keep my spot on the floor, my face resting on the cushions near his face. Prim shuts the door behind her when she goes back to bed, leaving the two of us alone.

"What happened?" I ask in a quiet voice, my eyes focused on his splinted hand.

He shakes his head. "Not now, Katniss."

"No, I want to know."

"My parents weren't happy about all the talk," he tells me, closing his eyes. "They basically said that I could never see you again and they were going to find some Town girl for me to marry and that was that. When I argued, they didn't care. Then somehow I ended up on the floor, my mother stepped on me, kicked my ribs so I wasn't able to run away, and my father brought me to the closet and they locked me in."

"They locked you in a closet?"

He nods. "They couldn't risk me running away. Like I did tonight."

"How did you get out?"

Peeta closes his eyes and doesn't speak for a moment. I wonder if he's remembering.

"Rye," he says. "My parents had me in my room with the windows boarded up for the last couple of days and Rye came in once my parents were asleep and opened the door. Told me to run if this is what I really wanted. It'd give me the weekend at least to figure out what I was going to do."

"You can stay here."

"Katniss–"

"Where else would you go? The community home? No way. I'm not letting you do that." Peeta shakes his head and I reach forward with my hand to stop him, resting my palm on his cheek. "We'll be okay."

"It's just going to make everyone talk even more if we're living together," he says. "I'm not going to do that to you."

"I don't care."

I shake my head and stand. Peeta must think I'm leaving the room because his face drops unconsciously. Instead of walking away, I settle down beside him on the couch. Our faces may have been close before, but now they're barely separated. Our noses brush. I can feel Peeta's sharp intake of breath. It's a tight fit and slightly uncomfortable as I teeter on the edge, so close to toppling over, but I find that I don't want to move. I wouldn't mind staying here forever.

"Katniss, what are you doing?"

Impulsively, I lean forward and kiss him. It doesn't last long, but deep in my gut I know I want another. This time, when I lean in, Peeta is there to meet me, mimic me, join me. It's not reactionary like it had been during my first kiss, the one I had with Gale. This time, rather than just my lips, my whole body seems to come to life. Heat stretches out to the very edge of my fingers and toes. I feel as though I'm on fire, completely consumed.

It's an unfortunate thing that we both have to breathe.

We don't kiss again. Instead, Peeta makes himself comfortable and I curl around him, my head on his chest. The position is much like the one we found ourselves in the other day at the meadow, only this time it's not tentative. I wrap myself around Peeta as if becoming a weight for him. He can't move unless he wakes me in the process. The position is comfortable and I begin to fight to stay awake until he finally falls under as well.

"Stay with me," I insist. And he says something but I don't quite catch it.

...

I wake up with the sun. Peeta's eyes are still closed, his chest rising and falling in a quiet rhythm that tells me that he's still asleep. The sun streams in through the window above the couch, illuminating his face. I become a little fixated on his eyelashes, which normally you don't notice much because they're so blond. But up close, in the sunlight slanting in from the window, they're a light golden color and so long I don't see how they keep from getting all tangled up when he blinks. Or even just now, as he sleeps, how his upper and lower lashes don't entwine and cause him trouble when he wakes.

The sound of a cup hitting wood pulls me away from my thoughts. I can't turn without falling off the couch and possibly waking Peeta, so I rise as gently as I can possibly do, sitting on the very edge of the cushion to see who is awake. I assume it's Prim, but it's my mother instead, filling a clay mug with boiling water. It surprises me that I didn't notice her entrance – if she already has boiled water, she's been in the kitchen for at least a few minutes. I'm always alert and her movements are not as quiet as mine or even Prim's.

She sets the pot back on the stove top and drops a few leaves in the water before turning around. She and I make eye contact for a few moments before she turns away and sits at the table, nodding only slightly toward the water she left boiling. For me, if I want it.

And I'm surprised to find a sudden thirst.

With one final glance back at Peeta to ensure that I haven't disturbed him, I stand from the couch and make my way into the kitchen and pour myself some tea as well. The mug is warm in my hands. I hadn't realized how much the draft of the window had chilled our home. Although I should have realized this – winter is coming after all.

My mother sets her own cup on the table and glances up at me. She doesn't make any noise or attempts to speak, she just looks. But there's something odd about the intensity of her stare. It's as if she's seeing me for the first time in years.

"Peeta is going to stay with us," I tell her.

She blinks a few times before replying. "I'm not sure that's a good idea."

My eyes narrow and I can feel the fire burning in my chest. "I don't care about your opinion."

She turns away from me and back to the couch.

"I don't think you understand what you're getting yourself into," she says.

"I know exactly what I'm doing," I insist. "He can't go back there. You saw what she did to him. I can't let that happen again."

My mother shakes her head and rises from her chair. She sets the cup in our sink and stops next to me, patting my cheek like she would when I was a little girl.

"You're stubborn, just like your father," she says.

I almost think she's going to say more but then she doesn't. She turns around and walks back into the bedroom.


Notes:


The following lines have been taken from the text:

I feel lightheaded with giddiness... leaps to his feet, moving toward me (from Mockingjay).

I become a little fixated on his eyelashes, which normally you don't notice much because they're so blond. But up close, in the sunlight slanting in from the window, they're a light golden color and so long I don't see how they keep from getting all tangled up when he blinks. (Catching Fire, 161)

Sorry this has been so long coming.

>