


Disclaimer
: I don't own the Teen Titans.


Author's Note
: Written in twenty minutes after JasonVUK mentioned the idea, so it's a little messy. Sorry I'm not sorry.




A Fallacy of Division



He tells himself that he's not cheating.

He tells himself this as he approaches the entry of her dark domain. There he hesitates, knowing better than to enter her residence without invitation.

He tells himself that he is still faithful as a sable claw thrusts out, wraps its talons around his wiry frame, and swiftly draws him into her domain. He lands roughly and is sure that he would be covered in bruises if she weren't so careful to keep their involvement a secret from those who would... misunderstand.

He tells himself that he is doing no wrong as he breaks free of her grip and rushes to close the gap between them.

He tells himself that no one would be hurt as their limbs clash and tangle. Fabric rips, flesh rends, the world around him swirls and twirls and spins and
breaks
. Teeth flash, claws grip, and the two come together in a whirlwind of blood, sweat, and tears. Groans, moans, and pleas combine into a single desperate cry as agony and ecstasy become one and the same.

He tells himself that she feels no guilt over this relationship (so why should he?) as he lays on his back, bleeding and utterly spent, white magic mending skin and fabric as his lover replays the night in her head-as she will continue to do until their next rendezvous. He is never
not
on her mind these days, and he knows it.

He tells himself that he doesn't love her and that she doesn't love him and that
it's only sex
and knows that he is wrong on two counts.

He tells himself to stay silent as Raven mentions that she hasn't heard a peep out of Rage in weeks and that she doesn't know why but she suspects she is finally getting the errant emotion under control. She gives him one of her small smiles and he laughs nervously and changes the subject.

He tells himself all manner of pretty lies and half-truths each night as he sneaks out of Raven's bed and into her head, knowing all the while that he can't keep doing this but that stopping isn't an option either.

He tells himself that he's not cheating...

... not technically.



Rage is exciting, but leaves me confused and exhausted.

-Mason Cooley

>