


Rating is mainly because of this chapter, though I didn't make anything


too


detailed. The story is about the


result


of their sex, after all ;)



Anyway, in this chapter, Hong and Ice are just friends with benefits. They're not really a couple in the beginning here.



Enjoy~!



Iceland stepped into his friend's house. Unlacing his tall boots and tossing his jacket on the hook in the doorway, he called into the house only to receive no answer. Stepping inside, he glanced into each of the rooms but found no one.

"Hong!" he called and finally received an answer from the hallway. Hong Kong came running into the living room shortly after with a large, withered book in hand. Ice looked at him and furrowed his brow in confusion. "What is it? Why did you call me here so late?"

"I was, like, looking through England's spell books..." the young Asian man grinned mischievously. "And I found something that can spice things up a bit. Wanna try?"

Iceland sighed. "Spice things up? What the hell are you talking about?"

"I'm talking about sex, stupid," Hong Kong answered with a smirk, causing the Nordic's face to heat up upon realising his reason for being there. "So...I already, like, drew the magic circle on the floor, so let's, like, get going." He turned back to the hallway and gestured for Iceland to follow him, which he did.

When they entered the bedroom, Ice was told to stand in the center of the magic circle at the foot of the bed. He did just that and stared questioningly at his friend, who was now chanting a spell out of the large book in his hand. As Hong Kong finished the last line of the spell, the chalk circle began to glow up, and Iceland suddenly felt something fluttering -twisting- inside of him. The feeling was incredible and foreign to him but was over in just twenty seconds.

"Well?" Hong Kong asked when the light finally died down and the young Nordic was kneeled on the floor, sitting in a daze. "Feel any different?"

"Y-yeah," Iceland answered when he finally snapped from his daze. Looking up, he saw Hong Kong's usually-emotionless expression twist into a very lustful smirk as he tossed the book to the ground and held out a hand for the Icelander.

Iceland was pulled onto the end of the bed, landing on top of the young Asian with a thump. One glance at the man's seductively calm face, and Ice found his mind slipping and his body taking over. He immediately smashed his lips into Hong's repeatedly with much passion and slipped his tongue inside without having to ask for entrance. They wrestled with their tongues for a while as their hands instinctively unbuttoned each other's clothing and slid across their bare skin.

Pulling back with a string of saliva, Iceland stared into his lover's eyes and slid his hand down Hong Kong's side, and then he himself slowly slid to the floor at the foot of the bed. Hong moaned as his "friend" worked at pleasuring him. When Ice finally stopped, he was pulled onto his Asian lover's lap (facing him), where he carefully lowered himself onto his member. Groaning from the initial pain, Iceland caught his breath and began to move his hips gently. His boyfriend soon joined in on the movements, and they fell back onto the bed to continue more roughly.

"W-what," Iceland panted, "What is this...feeling?" His insides felt like they were on fire; burning pleasure shot through his body...only to be followed by a pleasurable coldness that stopped him from breathing for a moment. He gasped at the sudden change and arched his back, moaning and panting.

"Fire and Ice," Hong Kong answered breathlessly as he neared his limit. It wasn't long before he came inside Ice, and the Nordic did the same onto their chests. The two boys fell limply onto the bed and lay beside each other, trying to catch their breaths. Exhausted, Hong slid his hand down his lover's back, feeling where he was still inside him and smiled.

After several more rounds of pleasure, Hong finally pulled out and cuddled his friend close to himself. "Told you that spell would, like...make it more pleasurable," he whispered and received a tired smile of agreement. The two of them drifted off into slumber...


Iceland spent the rest of the week in his home, fatigue keeping him from leaving. He was rather confused at first because it was like a sudden wave of exhaustion that just wouldn't end, but he came to the realization later on that he was seriously sick; he knew because his lower back and head were hurting like hell, and he'd woken up early one morning puking his guts out. He would have passed this off as the flu or something if it weren't for one thing that seriously worried him.

He was cramped, and his ass was bleeding.

The young Nordic cringed in pain as he sat on the toilet and hugged his stomach tight, hoping for these cramps to disappear. But they wouldn't, and he couldn't hold back the slight cries of pain that escaped his lips. His breath hitched, and he felt tears sting his eyes. He wasn't used to this kind of pain. Something was seriously wrong with him, but he just couldn't lift himself from the toilet. He was afraid to move.

He only opened his eyes, which had been clenched shut, when he heard small knocks at the bottom of the bathroom door. "Hey, tough guy, you alright in there?" came the deep mafia voice of Mr. Puffin, laced with worry and lack of sleep.

"Ah...yeah. I'm fine," Iceland said through gritted teeth, trying his best not to let the pain show in his voice. "S-sorry I woke you...I'm just not feeling well this morning, is all."

"...You sure you're awright? You been in there a long time."

"Y-yeah. I'm f-fine," the Nordic groaned in a barely audible voice as he clenched his pained stomach even harder and clamped his eyes shut once again. Another small gasp of pain escaped his lips, and he ground his teeth together to keep more from coming. Lying to his puffin was proving to be a difficult feat.

"Dat's it. I'm callin' a docta," the puffin declared and left the door to fetch the phone.

Mr. Puffin had organized an appointment for his owner at the near doctor's office early that morning. Luckily, there was plenty of room that day on the waiting list. When the bird came back to inform the sick Nordic, Iceland was lying in his bed, curled up in pain under the covers. It was normal for him to get pains due to the volcanoes of his nation, but it was unusual for him to be acting like this...and the volcanic pains did not usually come from his stomach area.

"Get dressed, tough guy." Mr. Puffin tossed clothes onto the bed from Iceland's dresser and then went to leave the room. "You're seein' the docta in twenty minutes. Let's go."

When his bird friend was out of the room, Iceland carefully stood and begin dressing, careful to not get blood on his clothes. He didn't tell his puffin that his ass was bleeding, of course; instead, he simply stuffed toilet paper there to hide his little issue. A few minutes later, he and Mr. Puffin climbed into his car and were driven to the doctor's office on the other side of town.


"Hm. That's very strange," the doctor said after examining the uncomfortable Nordic's 'situation' down below.

Iceland was embarrassed beyond belief and was somewhat glad that his puffin couldn't come in with him. He glanced up at the doctor and sat himself up on the examination table. "Y-you have any idea what's...wrong with me?"

The doctor hummed lowly to himself. "Well, these symptoms are something I haven't seen before...at least not in a male." He paused and looked quizzically at Iceland before turning toward the cabinets against the wall and pulling out a small plastic cup. "I'm going to need to collect a urine sample, if you don't mind," he said and handed the cup to the nation, who sighed and nodded.

After taking the sample for testing, Iceland was given pain medication and told to go home and rest, which is exactly what he did. He wasnt very hungry, but he was certainly exhausted and decided to spend the rest of the day lying in bed. The test results would be out tomorrow morning, and he would finally know what was wrong with him.

And so, the young Icelander drifted off into sleep with his puffin friend there by his side. He dropped his worries because he was confident that the morning would bring information on his illness and that he would be treated, and everything would go back to the way it was.

Unfortunately, he couldn't have been more wrong.



Mr. Puffin doesn't get enough love in fanfics, so I'm giving him some. Sorry if my puffin mafia talk sucks. XD



Anyway, thanks for reading &amp; please review~!


>