


I suck. I know. But at least you don't have to put up with my shitty updating anymore. Enjoy~!



"This is, like, where you're gonna live most of the time," Hong Kong said as he carried the baby into its room at Iceland's house for the first time. "We did a lot of work for you, so you better like it, I guess."

"Lad, you know he can't understand you," someone said from the doorway.

Hong turned to see England standing there with a smirk on his face. He smirked back and laughed at himself. "Yeah, I know," he admitted.

England smiled and approached his son, holding out his arms for his grandchild to be handed to him. He held the child close and shifted his feet. "So this is Liam," he said and studied the baby's tiny features. Big blue-violet eyes stared up at him curiously. "What is it, lad? Do you like me already?"

Hong Kong shook his head, laughing. "He can't understand you," he mocked.

"I know. I know," England laughed. "But he does seem awfully fascinated by me," he explained and brushed aside a tiny strand of the baby's dark hair.

"It's probably your eyebrows," Hong snickered, noticing how Liam seemed to be in a trance by the rather large caterpillars on his grandfather's forehead.

"Hey, now. Yours are fairly thick as well."

"Yeah, 'cos of you," the younger nation said, crossing his arms. "Jerk," he joked.

"Oh?" England smirked knowingly. "And what are you going to do about it?"

"Something I should have done long ago."


"And where are you all going?!" Hong Kong's boss shouted sternly.

The group of nations turned to face him with glares. "We're going to see our nephew, da-ze!" Korea shouted in defense, and the others yelled out in agreement. But Hong's boss stepped toward them angrily and growled.

"Then I am coming as well," he ordered. "I have the right to see the child of my nation." He held his head high and stared at the lot of them with no bit of respect in his eyes. They stared back in distain. There was no way they'd be bringing him along. He would only upset the new family. "Well?" he said and raised a brow, holding his brief case out and forcing it into China's arms. "Let's go," he said and began to walk toward the airport line. He stopped when he heard a large clang. Turning around, his brief case was now at the elder nation's feet, contents spilled across the ground. He grew angry and was about to reprimand the other when he felt a sting on his cheek.

With his hand still raised, China glared at the boss. "We are not your slaves, aru!" he shouted and watched as the man's cheek slowly bruised. Satisfied, he turned and grabbed his own luggage, leading the way toward their plane.

The other Asian nations exchanged glances of surprise before laughing. "Way to go, Aniki!" Korea shouted and ran after the elder, the others following with their own shouts of how awesome that was and how they couldn't believe he did that.

Hong Kong's boss stood numb long after they had left. He was shocked, to say the least. But deep inside, he knew he'd deserved that. After a while, he finally decided to pick up his brief case and head home.


"Catch the cattttsss!" Denmark yelled as he, Finland, Sealand, and Ladonia ran about the house, failing to capture the two cats that were now running from them.

Iceland shook his head at the commotion and held a curious Liam in his arms. The baby was staring around at all of the noises, probably wondering what was going on. Norway soon joined his brother on the couch, and the baby was soon passed over to him. Ice watched as his son and brother seemed to get caught in a staring contest. The baby was awfully fascinated with his uncle. His eyes sparkled with curiosity as he reached up toward the Norwegian's face. Norge shifted and held up his hand so the child's could wrap around his finger. No words were exchanged as he simply played with his nephew. Ice couldn't express how happy it made him to see those two together like that.

Unfortunately, the moment was ruined when an orange-spotted cat came barreling through the living room, followed by a stampede of energetic people. Finland was the only one to stop in front of them, giving up his chase to sit on the couch for a bit and catch his breath. As if on cue, the baby was then passed to him, and he was glad to ramble to the child in his giggly 'baby voice.'

The doorbell rang shortly after. Ice got up to go answer it, followed by Norway. They greeted the group of Asians, who already seemed super excited. Of course, they only became confused when a brown cat came running down the stairs. It jumped immediately onto China's shoulder, as if that would provide protection against the Dane that came running toward them.

"Aiyah! What's going on?" China shouted in distress, glancing between the cat and the panting nation.

Iceland shook his head, smirking. Denmark pointed at the cat. "I've finally caught you!" he shouted out in victory and laughed. The cat seemed to raise a brow at this.

"Technically, you like, didn't."

The Asians jumped when the cat spoke, and they all turned to it with shocked expressions. "Hong?!" Thailand asked.

Taiwan pulled the cat off of China's shoulders and held it up in front of her. "Hong, is that you? You're so cute!"

"I wanna hold him, da-ze! Let me hold him!" the Korean shouted, reaching out for the cat, who quickly squirmed out of his sister's grasp and made a break for the living room, hiding under the couch. The others ran after him curiously, their attention leaving him when they spotted the baby. Taiwan practically squealed and ran forward, the others following close behind. Even Vietnam shyly approached.

Macau seemed content watching from afar, a small smile on his face. As the others gushed over the baby, he walked around to the other end of the couch, bending down so he could see the cat beneath it. "You plan on coming out any time soon?" he asked calmly, ghost of a smirk on his face. The cat stared back blankly.

"I will when it's safe, I guess."

The older nation held out a hand. "Come on. They're all distracted now." Reluctantly, Hong crawled out toward him and was lifted up, lying comfortably in the other's arms as Macau sat in a chair across the room. "You know…" he began, subconsciously stroking Hong Kong's fur. "I was always worried you might not make it as an independent."

Hong lifted his head and stared up at his brother, blinking. "But you, like, never said anything."

Macau smiled. "Because I wanted you to find your own path," he explained honestly. "Even if you were cuter when you were with England…you also became a lot stronger. I guess I failed to realize this," he said and continued to pet the cat's soft fur.

Hong Kong sighed, unsure of what to say.

Macau sighed as well. "I'm proud of you, alright?"

The cat nodded and mumbled a thanks. The two of them sat in peace for a while, until Norway approached and offered to turn him human again, which Hong gladly accepted. A little while later, he and England were back to normal, and the large family crowded into the dining room for dinner. It was much louder than usual in Iceland's home, and everyone was having their own separate conversations. It would seem normal to most people, but to Hong and Ice, it was a miracle. To see that their families could come together as one like this…it felt good, to say the least. Eventually, the noise calmed down, and they were finally able to hold a single conversation amoung the group of nations.

"Hey, Norge!" Denmark shouted across the table, his arm draped over Thailand's shoulders. "Don't ya think we're like twins? He's like the Asian version of me!" he exclaimed excitedly. Thailand laughed along.

"Similar hair does not make you look alike, Dane," the Norwegian responded blankly.

"What? Come on. Sure it does! Just look at us!" he argued cheerfully, grinning.

"His life revolves around his hair," Hong Kong said pointedly to Norway, earning snickers from some of the others.

"Yeah, but your life revolves around fireworks!" Korea laughed, pointing dramatically at Hong.

"It doesn't, like,
revolve
around them."

"Oh yeah? Then when was the last time you pranked someone, huh?!" Korea argued playfully.

Hong blinked, thinking, as everyone stared at him expectantly. "Well," he began, "technically when I was, like, staying at England's house." England quickly leaned forward and sputtered, wondering when on earth this was. Hong shrugged. "It wasn't on purpose, I guess."

"What did you do?" England asked cautiously. He didn't remember getting pranked at all, which concerned him with the thought that something was waiting to go off somewhere in his home.

Hong Kong shrugged in his father's direction. "You don't have to worry, I guess. I, like, pranked myself by accident." They gave him an odd look at this statement, and some of them even laughed.

"How on earth did you prank yourself?" the Brit asked with a look of slight amusement.

Everyone looked at the boy expectantly. Even Iceland seemed curious. He hadn't heard about this little incident before. And so, Hong told them about cleaning out the closet and how he'd forgotten the smoke bomb that he'd hidden there when he was younger. "It was, like, worse than when the firecrackers exploded in my pants," he explained, referring to a world meeting where one of his pranks had gone wrong. "I don't think that, like, counts as the last time I pranked someone though, since I technically did it a long time ago, I suppose."

Korea laughed and pointed. "You got pranked by your past self, da-ze!" he yelled and continued to laugh hysterically.

"It's really not that funny…" Hong mumbled.

England groaned and rested his head in his hand. "Who knows what's lying in wait now," he whined.

"Well, I remember, like, setting stuff up, but I don't remember
where
," Hong answered with a smirk, just to get the other worked up. The Brit groaned at the thought.

"Then you'll be cleaning out my house soon."


"Ice, Ice, Baby!" Hong pointed from Iceland to Liam as he sang karaoke.

Iceland's face was flushed pink with embarrassment, and he was glad when the song finally finished…and even more glad when the night was over and everyone was finally leaving. He was very exhausted and just wanted to rest for the night. Of course, Norway was making that difficult for him. "Can't you just go home already?" Ice complained. "Everyone else left already, and Liam's asleep now. What do you want?"

Norway blinked and stared blankly at his brother, noting how tired he looked. "Are you sure you don't want me to stay?" he asked, already knowing the answer.

"I don't. Nor, just go home. You've been here all day."

He made no move to leave and instead glanced away for a moment. "There
is
one way you can get me to leave," he said and turned back, raising a brow with a ghost of a smirk on his face. "Big Brother. Say it," he demanded.

Iceland rolled his eyes. "Are you serious right now? I'm not saying it!" he refused, trying not to be too loud in fear of waking his son.

"If you say it, I'll leave."

Ice grumbled. "
Why
are you so fixated on this?" he asked, annoyed. "Just drop it already." All he wanted to do was sleep. He really didn't need to be dealing with this right now. But to his surprise, his brother didn't push it and simply turned away and headed to the door to put his jacket on. Quietly, Iceland followed him to the doorway. His eyebrows furrowed in confusion as he watched Norway actually get ready to leave. He couldn't help but notice something of
sadness
in his brother's blank eyes. "Uh….Nor…?" he asked, receiving no answer. "Lukas….?"

Norway turned slightly to look his brother in the eyes. "Go to bed, Emil. I'm leaving," he said with badly-masked disappointment to his tone and went to open the door.

"Wait! Br…." Ice paused, and his brother stopped to look back at him, almost surprised. Ice swallowed and looked at the ground. "Look….I'm just….I'm not good at saying that kind of stuff. But, um….thanks. You know….for not being a jerk through all of this," he said awkwardly. "Sorry," he apologized, still not looking up from the floor. Before he could say more, Norway had managed to shock him with a hug.

"You don't have to say any more, lillebror," he whispered and supportingly rubbed the boy's back. After a moment, he stepped back and offered his brother a rare smile. "But that doesn't mean I'll stop trying," he joked and turned back to the door. "I love you, lillebror," he said just as he stepped outside.

Ice hesitated. "Yeah…I love you too, bro…." he mumbled, not really meaning to be heard.

Nor stopped but didn't respond right away. A small smile graced his lips from what he honestly didn't expect to hear. "Good night, Ice," he said and finally left.

Ice closed the door, a bit embarrassed that he'd been heard but glad that his brother didn't make fun of him for it or anything. But he was glad….that he finally got to say it.

"You coming to bed or not?"

Ice jumped, startled by his boyfriend's voice. "Hong, don't do that," he said with a hand on his chest. Hong chuckled. "Where's Puffin?"

"He wanted to look after the baby, I suppose. Come on," he said and gently pulled the Icelander along. They crawled into bed and both immediately sighed in relief. "It's pretty, like, exhausting having both our families here, huh?"

"No kidding," Ice yawned and buried himself under the covers, snuggling up to Hong Kong.

Hong got himself comfortable and buried his face in Ice's hair. He sighed in content. "Love you, Ice…" he whispered.

Iceland smiled and snuggled closer. "Love you too."



Well….this chapter didn't turn out much like how I'd originally planned, but oh well. Hope it wrapped it up well and wasn't too disappointing. I'm so glad this story is over. Omg It's been a long run. I can't believe this lasted for over a year! Wow. But finally, it's come to an end.



Anyway, some of you were wondering if I'd do a sequel where they raise Liam. The answer is no. Sorry. I honestly have like zero interest in stories like that. Anyway, if any of you want to do a story where they raise him, go for it. I could care less. lol



Thanks for reading to the end! It means a lot that you liked this story that much. And thank you to everyone who bothered to review! You're the ones that kept me going this far. :) I hope you all have a wonderful year!


>