

What is sleep?

At this point, it's a figment of Skylar's imagination. In the past three days, where planning has eaten up all her time and left her closed up in the Brooklyn apartment, hunched over her computer and chugging as much coffee as her body will allow before she passes out, recharges and starts again the first moment she can.

"So, D-Rich, in light of our trip to Paris this week, tell me what we have on our little Frenchman?" Merritt asks.

Skylar moans pathetically and smushes her face against Henley's arm. The redhead laughs tiredly, acutely aware of how Skylar is feeling because she's feeling the exact same way. Ideally, the Vegas show would come to them without any strenuous work, or even minimal work and effort put into planning this, but whoever they're working for has thrown them into the deep end, and paired with the absolute lack of direction they'd had at the beginning of this little journey, Danny's hard-assed work ethic and his dominance over the group has pushed them to work well into the morning every day for the past three weeks.

"His full name is Etienne Jean Forcier, and his family owns one of the biggest malls in Paris," Skylar answers with her eyes closed. She knows this guy's life story by heart by now, having read through every scrap of information she could pull and analysed everything to help keep the process of actually getting him to attend the Vegas show as airtight as possible. "And what did I tell you about calling me that, Merritt?"

"Don't do it?"

"Exactly."

"Wait ─ wait ─ is that it? Is that
all
you got?" Daniel looks at her sharply.

"Of course not," she huffs. "You got so little faith in me, Danny. I've pretty much got his entire work schedule on my baby ─" she holds up her laptop "─ and I've also tapped into his digital PA. I know everything he's got planned. How about you talk to me about the plan, Your Highness? When do we get to leave this dank apartment?"

Danny grins, reaching forward for one of the folders in the mess of notes and blueprints scattered over the coffee table. He empties it over the notes, making an even bigger mess, but the small books that slide out are sure to make it into the Horsemen's individual bags when the time comes.

"Are those passports?" Jack asks. He snatches one up and flips it open, snorting at the god-awful picture that whoever they're working for has chosen for Merritt. Then, he flips through the pages and finds a stamped visa document for none other than France itself.

"Hey! We're actually going to Paris?"

"We need to get Etienne over to Vegas, and apparently kidnapping and extortion aren't recommended tactics for doing so," Daniel says, drawing a snort from Henley.

She beckons for the outline that had fallen from the folder along with their passports and scans over the instructions. "So we're going with good, old-fashioned hypnosis and trickery?"

Skylar nudges Jack eagerly in his side. "Maybe we can get a little sight-seeing done as well. Can anyone here speak French?"

Merritt raises his hand, and then turns to Danny. "Tu as une tête à faire sauter les plaques d'égouts," he remarks stoically, locking eyes with Danny and even though Skylar's not sure what French actually is supposed to sound like, she likes how Merritt's accent changes from his usual drawl to a slurry French lilt.

"Merritt, that sounds beautiful," she commented, impressed. "What'd you say to Dan the Man?"

"That he has a face that you blow the covers of manholes," Merritt answers mildly. When he gets four sets of eyes focused on him in confusion, he dumbs it down for the group. "I said that he's ugly as fu-u-uck."

Daniel wastes no time in scooping up one of the passport books and hurling it at Merritt's face.

He doesn't miss. Merritt nurses an irritated eyeball for the rest of the night.

/

"So, just clarifying, the food's free, right?" Skylar grins at Jack when he looks at her with a quizzical expression on his face.

"It's a private jet," he tells her, shuffling his cards. "Obviously it's free."

They're on their benefactor, Arthur Tressler's jet, readying themselves for a long flight to the City of Lights, and she juggles her time between sleeping, trying out the series of dishes available and playing cards with Jack.

"I've never been to Paris," she comments sifting through her small deck of cards just before saying, "Go fish," to Jack.

Jack sighs, and carries on the conversation, "I've been to a lot of places, but never France," as he adds another card to his collection. "Have you got any eights?"

"Go fish. This one time I went to Miami with my brother. Florida's great."

"Have you got any Jacks?" His eyes lift to meet hers and he grins.

She makes a face, pulling the Jack of Hearts and the Jack of Spades, and he completes the set. "I went ages ago, but I still remember it pretty clearly. I was like fifteen, and he took me to see my first magic show."

"Was that when you first decided you wanted to become a magician?"

She shakes her head, a smile tweaking the corners of her mouth. "Not my dream career, but it looked so
cool
, and the magician ─ she was incredible."

"Who was she?"

"I don't know. She went by some stage name ─ the
Magnificent Mags
─ and no one knew who she really was. After the show, she disappeared like smoke in the wind. It was her last show."

"Then what?"

"Then, my brother bought me a pack of cards and told me to go nuts. Have you got any Aces?"

"Now you're thirty thousand feet in the air with four people you haven't even known for a year, in the middle of carrying out a bank heist." He hands her two Aces.

She grins widely at him, removing two more Aces and setting them neatly on the fold-up table. "Life is grand."

Jack gets bored of Go Fish soon after that, and entertains himself by collecting the deck and flicking the cards over the table at Skylar. She laughs as she tries to anticipate his movements and swats them away, each time instinctively squeezing her eyes shut so there isn't a repeat of Merritt's swollen eye from the corner of Henley's passport. Although he makes it look like he's aiming for her eyes, Jack stays away from that area of her face, keeping his focus on her forehead and below her neck.

"So what's your story?" Skylar asks after Jack's gotten through half of the deck. He's only clipped her a handful of times; it turns out that her deflection skills are as good as his aim.

He looks at her, bemused as he sets the cards down. "My story?"

"Who
are
you, Jack Wilder?" She picks up one of the cards at rested on her lap, skimming it through the air and pricking his chest. "I've known you for over half a year, but I don't know you at all. Merritt, Daniel, Henley, I've got an idea what they're about, but you're..."

"I'm...?" he prompts as a thoughtful expression crosses her face.

"You're like a shadow. You're
someone
, but so behind-the-scenes at the same time."

Jack chuckles, but it's a little nervous. He's got nothing to hide, not really, but he's never liked talking about his home life. "Um ─ if you could maybe stop talking in riddles? Yeah, that would be awesome."

"Okay, fine." She shrugs. "I was trying to be all poetic, maybe stir up some interesting conversation, but you, apparently, like your girls straight-forward and to-the-point." She claps her hands together. "Right, Jack, your life story, go."

She finds out a number of things in the space of thirty minutes, because Jack finds her more compelling than he'd like.

He's got an older sister, a young lawyer starting her own firm, and a younger brother, a frail thing who's been sick all his life. His parents are doctors; his father a cardiologist and his mother a neurosurgeon. They kicked him out of their Manhattan mansion when he was twenty, after he dropped out of university, where he spent just under two years studying to become an architect, to pursue a career in magic.

A lot of things make sense, really. He's the self-proclaimed blueprint guy, because nobody can draft blueprints as well as he does. Some of his clothes are pretty expensive-looking, and he keeps a picture of his family (well, only his brother and sister, his parents are torn out) in his jacket pocket, which she came across while helping Merritt sort out the laundry.

He was also one of those trust fund kids, and his parents were firm believers of moulding children into successful money-making machines that ended up in a high position in the social hierarchy. His older sister was exactly what they'd wanted their children to be, but something went wrong with Jack. Something had gone wrong, and he dropped out of university, and he hasn't seen them in three years.

("You're a drop-out? Me too!"

"What were you studying?"

"Theatre. I'm a fantastic actress, but the people there were awful, and I ─ I couldn't afford another year."

"What about a scholarship?"

"I applied for one after my first year. You can probably figure out what happened."

"And here you are."

"I'm on a private jet flying to fucking
Paris
rather than a dingy old theatre with a bunch of pretentious never-will-be's. I'm happy.")

She finds out that before he moved in with the Horsemen, he had a shitty apartment just like her. His roommate, apparently, was the most disgusting thing on the planet.

("Oh man, he'd bring girls home every other night, and ─ Jesus, Skylar, they ─"

"Shit, no. I don't wanna know."

He laughs loudly, Daniel tells him to put a sock in it.)

He says that he never used to believe in God, but after the opportunity to get out of that hellhole arose, he couldn't deny that it was some heavenly miracle.

He was also in a pretty serious relationship up until ten months ago. The girl was pretty; red hair, soft green eyes. She left him when she moved to California for some internship, and she couldn't have been bothered to keep in touch.

("It sucked, being tossed aside like that," he admits.

"How long were you two together?"

"Like a year and a half, so it wasn't like some fling."

"Oh, dude, I didn't know." Skylar shoots him an apologetic smile, reaching out and squeezing his hand. "If it makes you feel any better, she fucked up."

"I'm over it," he says with a shrug. "I'm not one to dwell on dysfunctional relationships."

He grins widely at her, and she stops feeling pity for him. He doesn't need it.)

After about an hour, when the it's dark outside and stars are strewn across the sky and the only noises are hushed voices and the hum of the jet, she waves her hand gently for him to stop talking. It's not that she doesn't care anymore (she does, because she feels like she finally knows
something a
bout him), she's just struggling to keep her eyes open.

"You should sleep," he tells her. "It's still a while until we get to Paris."

"I'm so excited," she replies with a radiant smile. Jack finds himself mimicking it subconsciously, and it's enough to light up the entire cabin. "I've never been out of the country."

"I'll wake you if you're not up by the time we land?"

"Please do."

Jack shakes her awake just as the jet jolts onto the tarmac of Charles de Gaulle, and she barely has time to gather her messy thoughts before Daniel's ushering the team off the plane. On the way to the hotel in the car that they've rented, he rattles on about the plan tomorrow, placing Jack and Skylar at one of the restaurants that Etienne plans on visiting for a work lunch tomorrow afternoon, remind them of their job to get his signature without drawing any attention.

Jack, a shadow according to Skylar which makes him confident that he'll be just fine, tells him that they won't have any problems at all as long as his partner-in-crime plays her role as the waitress perfectly, to which Skylar replies, "I'm an actress, J. Get ready for an Oscar-winning performance."



A/N: Hello! Thanks for the feedback! This chapter is a little light, because I don't want to go too deep into things that we've already seen in the film (i.e. getting the French guy to Vegas and stealing the money) so I've skimmed over them. Nothing much is said about the characters' lives (except maybe Merritt) so I wanted to put my own perspective on Jack's life. To me, he doesn't seem as tough as he makes himself out to be in the first film so I wanted to add onto that. Also yay! Jack/Skylar bonding and we also find out a little bit more about Skylar's life before the Horsemen.


>