


Chapter 15: Wanting



Author Note: I wrote this chapter over and over… and then over again.



Before I forget – warning! there is smut/a lemon in this chapter guys.



Hope you enjoy!


…

Twisted in the palm of Orihime's hand wriggled a small black tail as she awoke with a start. She looked over to her side to see a very displeased Yoruichi, as her silky tail whipped away from Orihime's fist. Looking over at her hand, Orihime traced her veins and tendons, the whiteness of her knuckles ever present under her emaciated body. As though knowing her very thoughts, Yoruichi leaned forward and rubbed her chin against the princess's hand, reassuring her with gentleness.

"I'm sorry you had such a rough time with Ulquiorra. I'm guessing he really doesn't like cats." Orihime rasped, her voice hoarse.

Yoruichi flicked her ears with irritation and Orihime laughed. It was a small, hollow noise at first, but her mirth was not easily deterred by her frail little body. Waking up in her starving, near dead form came as a shock, but eventually she would heal and have the soft, effeminate figure she took for granted.

"You aren't very talkative this morning, Yoruichi." Orihime tickled the cat's chin with her finger. "Are you still offended?"

With careful steps, Yoruichi strode around to Orihime's other side. As she followed the little cat's path, she turned over and rested on her elbows meekly. Her heart filled in her chest as she looked over at Tatsuki's sleeping form, awkwardly sitting on her knees with her head bent down in slumber. Her friend had fallen asleep in a position of vigilance by her side. It brought tears to Orihime's eyes to know that even in the darkest time of her life, she still had someone by her side that cared for her and was to be trusted.

"Tatsuki…" Orihime murmured, reaching forward to hold Tatsuki's hand softly. "Tatsuki, you can't sleep like that…"

Tatsuki's eyes opened slowly, before she jumped in to action with nervous energy. "Are you hungry? Are you cold? Do you need anything?"

It was as though Tatsuki's worries waited upon her lips, silently rooting themselves so deeply in her mind that those were the first concerns she had upon waking. Orihime felt touched. The level of devotion Tatsuki directed towards her was undeserving, and there was probably nothing in the world the princess could do to pay back such kindness.

"Tatsuki you need to get some proper sleep. Have you been up all night?" Orihime asked, pulling the sheets from her body and yanking Tatsuki into the futon.

Her efforts were fruitless, but appreciated as Tatsuki smiled gratefully.

"I'll go get you some hot rice porridge and some tea." Tatsuki smiled, but it didn't quite reach her eyes. "Just keep warm. I'll be back soon."

As Tatsuki disappeared from the room, Orihime sighed anxiously. She didn't want to be too much of a bother, but she was nowhere near close to being able to take care of herself. Not wanting to feel useless, she grabbed one of the medicinal books that Tatsuki had left for her and read through the pages on treating fever.

"Count your blessings, child." Yoruichi said, her voice like silk. "It's not every day you find someone as kind as that."

Orihime peered over her pages and smiled. "I don't feel good about troubling Tatsuki so much."

"Don't take my words lightly." Yoruichi laughed. "I have a knack for sensing the weakness and depravity in humans. Call it an instinct for these things – you can guess why, given what you probably know about my kind, but still-"

Indeed, she did, and it was in everyone's best interest that she never let herself forget what Yoruichi was. It was even more shocking that Yoruichi infiltrated the heavenly courts without being detected, and the prospect of the heavenly realm being infiltrated by Ayakashi was even more frightening. The problem was that for Orihime to use caution, she had to sense that there was something off about the individual. She did not feel that way about Yoruichi in the slightest and already liked the woman as a friend and confidant. Perhaps Yoruichi was dangerous, but Orihime believed Yoruichi would never harm her.

"Should I ask what you can see in Tatsuki?" Orihime smiled in good humour. She was smart enough to know that these sensitive cracks inside the heart were not to be spoken of lightly, and Yoruichi would probably be disinclined to reveal anything sinister. "Or better yet, should I ask what you can see in me?"

As Yoruichi regarded her, Orihime's heartbeat quickened as the glowing golden eyes stared into her very soul. The moment was broken when Yoruichi licked the back of her paw and rubbed behind her pointed ears ritualistically.

Sighing, Orihime focused on her book without wanting to seem too disappointed. She bore into her skull the characteristics and appearances of different kinds of herbs that could be used to apply to open wounds and cracked skin and the most effective ways to prepare and administer them.

"You and that girl are very similar, but different." Yoruichi finally noted casually. "You both expect yourselves to move mountains, but you will never have the power to do so. It's a shame, but weak creatures like you can never act in singularity and the only way you can harness strength is in numbers. In terms of depravity, yours is completely unexpected given your innocent and sweet nature. Although, I guess to love a twisted man, you yourself have to be a bit- "

"Stop!" Orihime pressed her face into her futon, embarrassed. "I get it! I'll never ask you something like that again!"

The princess had forgotten about what had happened before she fell asleep, and now the memories flooded back and made the pit of her stomach grow as warm as her face. Ulquiorra made her feel so good that even the thoughts of what happened made her quiver with delight. She was still drunk on the pleasure and if she were true to herself, Orihime wanted more.

What made things more confusing was she wanted not only to feel good, but she wanted to feel something more visceral and guttural than that. She wanted to give him everything she had and be broken apart and put together again. The only problem was, he didn't love her and she was technically only a stranger to him. He would use her, and every genuine appeal her husband had made in the present would be meaningless in comparison to the hurt he could potentially cause from cruelty in the past.

If Ulquiorra broke her heart, she did not know if she would ever recover enough to forgive his present self. It was best she kept her distance and kept things platonic to keep herself safe.

Still, Orihime could not deny the persuasive pull of climaxing. It was like nothing she had ever experienced before. She did not know that anything could make her feel
that
good.

"Does it ever lose its shine?" Orihime mumbled, hoping Yoruichi understood what she was talking about. "Experiencing something like that… Feeling that way."

"Possibly." Yoruichi laughed slyly, an obvious veteran of the complicated relationship that men and women shared. "I know it sounds cliché, but when you meet the right person it's as though you can never stop wanting them. You keep going as though it's more important than even breathing and even when they are hungry and exhausted to the point of sleep, you coax them and they oblige. You both end up black and blue as though you have been brawling instead of making love, and it's as though the very life has been sucked out of you, but nothing feels more important than the connection you share in those moments."

Orihime smiled, each word Yoruichi spoke a treasure that she would keep and think about for later. She felt as though she had wandered into the realm of the wily aspects of womanhood, and was being accepted by someone with leagues of maturity imparting valuable advice. Not only that, she felt that she was growing a deep bond with this enigmatic, even mythical figure. There was much to Yoruichi she would never know, and knowing even a glint was priceless.

"However, most people grow disappointed or bored eventually." Yoruichi ended her musings on a low note. "You can't expect it to be that easy to find someone that in tune with you. Not everyone is capable of caring for people other than themselves, let alone have your best intentions at heart."

"Do you ever get bored of Urahara?"

"Kisuke?" Yoruichi sounded surprised. "I don't think it's possible to get bored of Kisuke."

Orihime laughed, thinking of how much of a headache it must be to handle such an eccentric man all the time. Yoruichi hardly knew much about Orihime's situation, but she was roped in so deeply and expected to do all the hard work. Thinking back to what happened with their confrontation with Ulquiorra and how badly Yoruichi was treated, she expected that Urahara was in for something just as worse when Yoruichi saw him next.

"What's so funny?" Tatsuki called, a big ceramic bowl of hot porridge in her hands.

"I was just imagining something that made me laugh." Orihime sat up and smiled pleasantly as she accepted the bowl and spoon.

Tatsuki seemed unconvinced, pressing the back of her hand against Orihime's forehead to make sure she wasn't getting sick. "You should rest after you finish eating."

Orihime had no complaints about sleeping again.

…

The princess awoke in the underworld in good spirits, resting in the warmth of Ulquiorra's lap as she smiled up at him sleepily.

"Good morning!" Orihime said, rubbing her eyes.

"Get off me." Ulquiorra warned viciously.

Her heart sunk and instead of arguing she did as he asked and shimmied forward against the branch so he could slip his leg forward and jump down. Orihime watched him as he did so without a word, remembering the dislike he had for being touched. It was painful to be rejected, but she tried to think positively. She had a wide range of ammunition and information she could use to make him love her and it all simply took time. If she had achieved it once, she could do it a thousand times.

As she tried to find a way to get down, a sight caught her eye that made her scream with anxiety. Nelliel was stretched out breathing heavily on the grass, her body covered in blood and the skull of an animal pressed atop her hair as some kind of helmet.

Orihime no longer cared if she hurt herself hopping down, she did so without a second thought so that she could scoop the child up in her arms and care for her as she deserved. When she felt how warm Nelliel's skin was, she raced to the stream and held the small body in the cool depths. The next part came quite awkwardly, as she tried to splash water on her face to clean the skin as well as check for any injuries. Naturally the child woke up aggressively and immediately panicked and struggled, biting Orihime's arm and hand in the process. The pain meant nothing to her at that moment and she continued to clear her body of dried blood and dirt that caked her tiny frame. When Orihime was finished, she bled badly, but the damage was negligible in comparison to the damage Nelliel had taken that night. Most of it was minor bruising as though she had grappled with an animal or fallen, but her back had been cleaved by something big enough to mark the entire area and tear the skin.

Without paying even the slightest attention, Ulquiorra had begun skinning the animal that Nelliel had defeated and already had a fire crackling by his side. As Orihime looked over the beast, she noticed the long thick claws and gaping mouth, its ears like tiny moons and its eyes black and beady. The bear was larger than anything she had seen before and was easily taller than Grimmjow. From what she could see from the dried blood, Nelliel had crawled atop its shoulders and bashed its head repeatedly with a rock and then once the bear had fallen, Nelliel most likely continued her relentless assault.

As Orihime dragged the child out of the water, Nelliel immediately hopped out of her arms and ran to Ulquiorra excitedly. Wordlessly, he tore off the leg and tossed it to her as she bit into the raw flesh with enthusiasm.

"Don't feed her raw meat!" Orihime scolded, trying to grip the disgusting flesh from Nelliel's grasp. "Look at the pus around her face! She's fighting an infection right now and she will have low immunity when it comes to all the parasites in that meat."

Nelliel simply continued ripping at the food with her teeth and ignored Orihime's attempts at helping her. Eventually the princess gave up and sniffled because there was absolutely nothing she could do and she felt useless.

Shaking herself out of it, Orihime realised that there was something she could do.

"I'm going to go find herbs to treat Nelliel's injuries." Orihime said with determination.

"If you leave this camp, you will get eaten." Ulquiorra said, not even sparing her a glance as he sliced under the hide meticulously. "Sit down and eat the food."

Orihime tried her hardest to be patient. She tried to rationalise his thinking, believing that it was out of consideration of her wellbeing and that he would at least offer alternatives. "If I eat, could you go and look for those herbs for me?"

"Why should I?" Ulquiorra looked up, glaring at her intensely. "Let me be transparent. If you do not stay here, I will tie you here and if you do not eat the food, I will force it down your throat."

Frowning, Orihime looked over the meat distastefully and choked from the gamey smell that filled the air as Ulquiorra tossed steaks onto flat rocks sitting atop the burning wood. There was something about seeing the animal that had been slaughtered and witnessing it that made her lose her appetite almost immediately. Without another word of protest, Orihime simply walked away from the camp and made her way into the forest. She hated him in those moments more than she ever had in her life. Nelliel's life was still in danger and he did not care one bit. If it were anyone else, she could easily defend their rationale by believing that they were ignorant, but Ulquiorra was too intelligent to condescend in such a way.

Ulquiorra followed closely behind as she tore through the thick shrubbery of the forest. At every turn, she tried to lose him, but he was experienced at delving through the thick forest safely without tripping or slipping.

"Why can't you just leave me alone?!" Orihime huffed, turning around to glare at him. "I don't want to be around a heartless, unfeeling and awful person like you. You have no trouble neglecting Nelliel and I know that you don't care if I get eaten out here or not!"

"Insufferable woman, why can't you just do as I say and stay where I tell you!" Ulquiorra's green eyes flashed with rage but calmed gradually as he injected her with insults. "You are incapable of taking care of yourself and you are weak and pathetic, but still have either the arrogance or stupidity to wander around as though you are impervious to damage. That, or you expect me to follow you around and mind you like a child."

"You have never once treated me like a child in the entire time I've been in your care!" Orihime yelled, offended by the comparison.

"No." The lines around Ulquiorra's mouth softened into almost a smile. "I haven't."

Orihime blushed at the implication. Her anger seeped from her bones and the tension seemed to die down, replaced by something else entirely. She wrapped her arms around herself and turned away from him almost shyly. As he came closer, she pouted and tried to restore all the outrage and indignance that fuelled her earlier, but she was filled to the brim with embarrassment and wanting, leaving no space for anything else.

"It's either you go back to the clearing willingly, or I will drag you back forcefully." Ulquiorra said severely.

As she leered at him, Orihime knew that he had some sadistic pleasure with fighting with her and the playfulness in his gaze made her realise that he was not bluffing. He would take her back to the clearing, either by her own legs or in his arms.

Smiling sweetly, she made it seem as though she would comply, but the moment he turned away to lead her back to their camp, Orihime sprung out and ran in the opposite direction with a big smile stretched across her face.

Ulquiorra was by no means stupid and had already anticipated what she was about to do. His long fingers reached out and seized her wrist right before she slipped and fell from a concealed slope.

She squealed and cried out when instead of falling, she merely skidded slightly before being jolted to a momentary halt. As she looked up, Orihime saw Ulquiorra gazing down at her with his fist grasping at a tiny loose tree root that protruded from the muddy surface. Trying to get her feet planted for some semblance of stability, Orihime cried out in dismay as the mud and clay was too slippery.

"Grab on to my shoulders." Ulquiorra lifted her easily with one arm, his voice soft and oddly reassuring.

Orihime clung to him tightly, her heart beat racing as she pressed her cheek into his neck just so that she could feel close to his warmth. "I didn't mean what I said."

"Which part are you referring to?" Ulquiorra asked sardonically.

Orihime knew that he was mocking her and trying to make her in some way set aside her pride and concede to him. However, at a moment like this, she was more than willing to comply. "I didn't mean any of it. You're not heartless. Or unfeeling. Definitely not awful."

"I'm not sure what I'm expected to say under these circumstances." He said, his attention distracted as he tried to find a way to escape their current predicament.

"Well, you could start by apologising for all the things you said to me." Orihime offered.

"I meant every single word of it, thus I don't see the need to apologise for it."

Orihime pouted, annoyed beyond belief that he could not at least lie to her nicely to make her feel a little less stressed about the situation at hand. The dirt around the root holding them up began to loosen and they were jerked further down the slope. Orihime was overcome with the familiar scent of his skin and the earthy smell of the forest around them and could not help but kiss him gently on the neck.

Ulquiorra noticed and hummed with approval, a habit he still carried with him to the present day – or future in his case. The thought reassured her and she smiled, despite herself.

"This won't hold much longer and I don't see any way of pulling us up from here." His voice was level and casual, as though they weren't in imminent danger.

"What are we going to do then?" Orihime panicked, looking up at him for reassurance.

Without a word, he let go of the root and wrapped his arms protectively around her body as they tumbled down the muddy slope. Every now and then as they fell, he would grasp out for a branch to cling to but often it failed, leaving his hands scratched and bleeding. Orihime held her breath and braced herself for the pain of impact, but as she pressed her face into his chest and clenched her teeth, she realised that aside from the stray tree branch, no harm came to her. As they toppled down through the underbrush, the air was knocked out of Orihime's lungs as they fell into a pile of leaves at the very bottom.

She still rubbed her cheek into his chest and kept her eyes firmly shut, afraid to even part with his warmth and protection. As though that fall wasn't enough, rain fell from the skies and beat down on her back as the forest became blanketed by the densest pour she had ever witnessed.

"Woman…" He said, his voice tickling her ear.

Orihime smiled sheepishly and they parted, her mind momentarily distracted by the instinctual need for shelter. It seemed as though they had landed near an abandoned den for one of the many forest beasts, long since eroded by storms. The ancient roots spiralled over the small grotto like a ribcage, giving enough protection to at least keep them covered until the downpour ceased.

Ulquiorra slumped onto the cool rotted leaves and roots, almost unrecognisable underneath all the mud that caked his body. Orihime wanted to feel sorry for him, but she was much in the same state as he was, just as dirty but not nearly as sore.

"It's just like that time we were falling from the sky, isn't it?" Orihime laughed, her spirts impervious to the damage of misfortune.

Ulquiorra looked up at her questioningly, using a muddied hand to brush his midnight locks from his eyes. He had freckles of mud caked across his cheeks and now a long swipe along his forehead, his green eyes bright and inquisitive against the dark contrast of the mud. Her lips stretched into a tender smile as she memorised him in such a state.

"I have an infallible memory and I know for a fact I have never fallen from the sky with you." Ulquiorra said assuredly.

Orihime bit her lip. She had got the two of them confused again. "You're right. I must have dreamt it."

The answer did not satisfy him and it was likely that in the few seconds he had analysed her, he was already drawing conclusions on why she would possibly say such a thing. Orihime grinned cheekily, because she knew that he could never arrive to the true assumption that she was his wife from the future. It was too ridiculous for his mind to conceive, and because of that she could have one secret kept to herself.

When she truly thought about it, Ulquiorra was not much different from her husband. He was the same sharp and intelligent individual she fell in love with. He was much more cruel and seemed like an animal with a thorn in its side, his bitterness and anger constantly seeming to plague him. Still, he was primarily concerned for her wellbeing and she appreciated that enough to see the parallels between the man he was now and the man he would be.

Grabbing the ends of her sullied dress, she slipped it over her head and let the rain wash away all of the filth covering her body. Orihime did not feel uncomfortable in his presence naked, after all he had been more intimate with her than anyone else in the world had. She did feel her heart thump appreciatively with excitement as his gaze lingered over her body, however.

"Listen…" Orihime said, loud enough to hear from the heavy drone of the pattering rain. "I really appreciate you helping me like that…"

Ulquiorra was silent as he listened, waiting for her to finish what she had to say.

Her cheeks were a little flushed and she knew she wasn't very pretty, but Orihime grinned and giggled sheepishly. "Thank you for everything!"

Orihime's words weren't just for putting himself at risk during her fall, but for every single thing he had done for her in the time she had known him. She wanted to thank him for taking her away from her goddess realm, for showing her the festival that was her namesake, for giving her a beautiful home and most of all for loving her so much.

Tears welled up in her eyes, obscured by the rain.

It was okay to cry as long as there was no conceivable way that anyone could tell she was crying.

Ulquiorra rose up quickly and they stood together as the cold rain washed over their bodies. She knew that he was at a loss of how to comfort her, but before she could reassure him that she was okay, he wrapped his arms around her and kissed her.

Naturally, she leaned her body into his warmth and responded eagerly, moaning softly as his tongue flicked against her own and seared his taste and touch into her recognition once more. Peeling off the sleeves of his yukata, she ran her hands along his back, washing away the dirt and grime from his skin. His hands roamed down her back and squeezed her closer into him where she felt the urgent hardness of his arousal pressing into her pelvis. Orihime wanted him more than words could describe and she didn't know if any logic or rational thought had room to chastise her inclinations and instincts as she knocked him to the ground and pinned him down onto the forest floor and rocked her hips against him.

Taking a moment to run her hand over the lean muscle in his chest and belly, she felt taken with how beautiful he was. She had seen on occasion the sturdy muscles of Ichigo, even the slight hair on his chest – but nothing compared to the pearly white skin and beautifully lean muscles of Ulquiorra. Her fingers brushed over the v-shaped dip and over his hips, but before she could caress any lower, he gripped her wrist tightly.

Ulquiorra sighed, but she lifted her hand with his and kissed his fingertips gently. At times when Orihime had been with her husband, she saw him as less of a man and as something more formidable and divine. He always kept composed and emotionless like stone, his restraints only breaking in rare times of anger or indignation, but never did he ever fail to protect her as though she were made of glass.

Looking at Ulquiorra now, with rain falling on his face as it washed away the mud and dirt, she saw him not as the composed statue, the cruel adversary or even her gentle protector. She saw a man who desired her more than anything else, caught between her thighs and willing to allow her to love him and teach him that he deserved to be loved just as much as anyone else did.

The only time she dropped her gaze from his was when she peeled back the soaked fabric of his yukata and really looked at him. Orihime wasn't quite sure what to think, her first thought being how he could ever fit inside her, as she ran her fingers along the base of his length with a feathered touch. Ulquiorra winced and she laughed softly, as he pinched her hardened nipple with his equally cool hands. Even though it was cold and instinctually she wanted to shy away from the icy touch, Orihime felt overcome by the sensitivity and the feelings of his hands caressing and drawing circles over her areola.

Moaning, she slipped his length inside her aching folds and cried out in both pain and pleasure as she adjusted to the overwhelming sensations. Scrunching her eyes shut, she fought back tears as her whole body tensed while she waited for the pain to subside.

The dull pain from within waned, her focus taken over by the feeling of Ulquiorra's hands running down her rib cage, over her belly and then down to her hips and thighs. As she opened her eyes to meet his gaze, she almost wished that she could see an apology in the pain he inadvertently caused, but he seemed almost amused at her suffering. Pouting, Orihime experimentally rocked her hips against his and watched his lips part with a breathy moan that was barely audible over the rain. Holding back a smile of triumph, she halted her movements and watched as his countenance tensed in frustration and longing.

Ulquiorra was entirely at her mercy and from the apprehensive look he directed at her, he knew it as well.

Unable to help herself, Orihime poked out her tongue teasingly and without a word of warning, Ulquiorra raised her hips and brought them down hard as she cried out, encasing him even more deeply than before. She felt the warmth pool in her belly as he hit a nerve that sent her reeling as she arched her back and sighed. As she fought to regain dominance, Orihime lost herself in the motions as they made love almost desperately. She did not know if she shivered from the cold rain that beat down on her body or from the sensations as he penetrated the very depths of her being. Every single part of her felt frozen cold except for the very place their bodies met and intertwined.

Without meaning to, Orihime fell in love with Ulquiorra over again. She did not think it were possible because the man he would be was leagues ahead of the man he was now, but even the ugliness inside his heart – the twisted bitterness, the hatred and misanthropy and the ever-present nihilism were encompassed in her love with the same merit as his quiet intelligence, dignified demeanour and his uncanny omniscience.

As her heart filled with affection, Orihime felt her body burst as she climaxed. She cried his name and professed her love over and over again until she couldn't speak. Collapsing onto his chest, Ulquiorra held her so tightly as though they would die if drawn apart.

When Orihime recalled her senses, he smoothed the hair from her face and kissed her on the forehead. She trailed kisses up his neck until she reached his lips, nipping Ulquiorra's bottom lip playfully.

Orihime yelped as he gathered her up in his arms and wedged her against a nearby tree. The bark scratched into the flesh of her back as he spread her legs apart and she wrapped her arms around his shoulders in challenge.

It did not matter if he was from the past or the present, he was and always would be a greedy beast at heart.

"I'm not done with you yet."

…

They laid with their bodies closely tangled as they listened in silence to the rain. Orihime hoped that the no touching policy would be waived indefinitely as they really couldn't take their hands off each other now.

"Ulquiorra…" Orihime waited for his gentle hum to show that he was listening. "I want to know everything about you…"

"For what purpose?"

The princess sighed with frustration, trying to think of a way to best describe her feelings. "There isn't any purpose behind it. I just want you more than I have wanted anything else in the world and every new thing I learn about you is like a treasure that I can keep as long as I can remember it."

Ulquiorra looked at her with his brow raised incredulously, but her face flushed with embarrassment displayed only raw honesty. She knew that even though he didn't know her as well as her husband did, it was not in her best interest to lie to him.

"Why do you keep Nelliel with you?" Orihime asked.

She remembered her husband telling her once that it was because he valued the sanctity of life, but at the same time she felt as though those words were mostly said in a sarcastic manner. She had seen in her short time in their company that he really did not care of Nelliel's health enough to really concern himself with whether she lived or died.

"The answer is long and not particularly interesting." He said, his green eyes drawn out in deep thought.

"I want to hear everything. Just pour your heart out." Orihime smiled encouragingly.

Her use of words seemed to amuse him, as the corners of his lips turned up in the shadow of a smile. Ulquiorra was not entirely capable of hiding his emotions yet, as he was like to do in the time she spent married to him, at least in the beginning. Although the princess doubted that a normal person could really see the soft hints of emotion, even as he was now.

"The Nephilim child was about to be executed due to a deformity when I stepped in and took her under my charge." Ulquiorra summarised briefly.

Orihime wrinkled her nose in annoyance. "Not like that!"

He waited, playing with the soft strands of her wet hair.

"You're making me self-conscious. My hair is my only redeeming feature and now it's all choppy and short." Orihime blushed, brushing through her locks with her fingertips.

"You have many redeeming qualities." Ulquiorra said, caressing her breasts and rolling his thumb over her nipples.

"Oh?" Orihime smiled, her gaze heated.

"Yes, you have your tireless optimism…" Ulquiorra said, his hands cupping her breasts mischievously. His hands wandered lower until his fingers played with the soft curls near her folds. "Your levels of empathy are highly advanced."

Orihime squirmed, unwilling to allow him to distract her. "I don't want to hear the facts about what happened, I want to hear about how you
felt
."

Ulquiorra's green eyes seemed to glimmer for a moment before they were shadowed by his thick lashes as he recounted the incident in his memory. Usually it did not take him long to articulate his response, but she knew she had hit a nerve on an aspect he had not yet considered.

"I was envious."

Before the princess could fire a multitude of questions as to why he could possibly be jealous that a mob intended to murder Nelliel, Ulquiorra cut in quickly. "Jealousy implies anxiety of expected loss. What I felt was envious of what I could not have."

"I don't understand."

"All life is suffering." Ulquiorra said dispassionately. "If you watch humans, they suffer endlessly until they die. Still, at the prospect of death they wish nothing more than to stay alive no matter what lengths they must take. Regardless of their struggle, death is the only way to alleviate their misery."

"You, as someone immortal just like myself understand that our suffering is eternal. There is nothing for us to fear and no reason for us to carry on living, yet we do - ceaselessly." Ulquiorra said, lost in his own thoughts. "I engineered the Nephilim to find a way to end my suffering and when the experiment failed, I used them to take over my task of cleansing souls. They are quite more efficient than I alone could have ever been and in my perspective, time is no more a resource than sand is a commodity. My objective is still ongoing and nothing is lost yet."

Orihime was horrified at the revelations that Ulquiorra spoke so nonchalantly about. She did not want to interrupt him, in fear that his trance would end and he would not finish his train of thought. Even though it hurt her deeply to think he would one day perish of his own hand, it would hurt her even more if he chose not to be transparent with her. At least if he hid nothing, she could one day change his mind for good.

"I was envious that Nelliel was afraid of death when all I feel is emptiness." Ulquiorra murmured, as his eyes flicked over recounted memories, just as vividly as if they were happening right in the moment. "As I stood watching in the crowd, she looked at me and I decided to take away her opportunity to die that day."

Orihime held him tightly, as though if she relaxed her grip even the slightest bit, he would disappear without a trace forever. "Please don't ever tell me you want to die ever again. I know that to you we haven't known each other very long and you may think that I can't possibly know you well enough to establish value to your existence, but I
do
know you and I do love you. That time you told me that I would be happier with Ichigo, I knew that, but now I know that it's about more than simply being happy. It's about this ethereal sense of completion I feel when I'm with you during the good and the bad… I love you, Ulquiorra!"

She knew that she was rambling and that snot was running down her nose and she could barely see him from the tears that obscured her vision. The sniffles and hiccups that racked her chest made her sound more like a donkey than a goddess, but she didn't care. All she wanted was to tell him everything she held inside. It did not matter if most of it was incomprehensible to him, he would remember it for later even if a million years passed.

When Ulquiorra finally carried her back to camp, she howled and cried unflatteringly the entire time and at the sight of Nelliel, she held the small child tightly in her arms. Expecting to be scratched and bitten, instead she felt the warmth of the child's tears as they both sobbed their hearts out.

…..


I really hoped you enjoyed the chapter everyone.



Please give me your feedback and tell me what you think or even just drop me a tiny review so I know you're still reading :D



I love you all lots and can't wait to hear from you and if you have any questions don't be afraid to ask – I'll try to keep the answers to replies from now on unless something big comes up.


>