

"I am
tired
of Mimi."

That got the ball rolling. I had one pokemon, a shroomish, and all I've
ever
wanted to do is become a pokemon trainer.
But
shroomish aren't the best pokemon around! I did my research in the Kiloude library, and, ta-da! Its evolution has a
double weakness
to flying-types. Wow. Suck, suck, suck. That sucks so much, especially since I love my best friend's chatot.

My parents had gotten my a shroomish, nevertheless. I used to like to watch boxing matches when I was a lot younger, and I think
that's
what made them think I loved fighting-types (which I don't). And one
very
fine (not) day, I came home from grocery shopping and they handed me a poke ball. They put it in the middle of my
favorite
velvety violet cushion, the one I
always
hugged when in the living room, and to say the least, I was pissed and pleased. Pissed that stupid poke ball had taken
my
cushion, pleased that they had given me a pokemon (or was the poke ball empty?).

In any case, imagine how shattered my dreams—
my fut

ure
—when the shroomish came leaping out of the poke ball.

Shreds. Smithereens.

Mimi was always the more cheerful type, but she had a permanent scowl on her face. It wasn't anything to be proud of; my friends—classmates—laughed at me for having a shroomish. It was utterly humiliating, and I hope it never happens again.


"Look, little Naomi got herself a shroomish!"
Evelyn had snickered. I had never liked Evelyn. She was mean, bratty, spoiled, and daughter of a filthy rich business man. Everyone sticks to her like they were super-glued because she buys them drinks. Because she's rich.
"I mean, what can it do against my purrloin?"


Ah, yes, purrloin. A purple cat-like pokemon. That was Evelyn's one and only pokemon. Its name was Princess, because Evelyn was the most uncreative girl I had
ever
met. Mimi is more creative than Princess!

Needless to say, I had began to grow a high intolerance of my starter. And then I confronted my parents about it, with Mimi by my side. She was probably hurt, felt betrayed, furious, livid, miserable, and horrified all at the same time. And it's not a good feeling, I know.

"Well... why's that so?"

Of course they had to ask that. Of course they had to. Because everyone gets a zorua, a purrloin, an eevee, or a torchic as their starter. Those were really common ones. Oh, and don't forget the riolu. Yes, the riolu. Those terrible fiends...

"Because Mimi can't beat them." I just wanted a strong pokemon, and sylveon had always been my top favorite pokemon. I liked fairy-types, and sylveon were really cute! So, sylveon it was.

"But if you evolve Mimi, she can beat a lot of of them! Blaziken aside, that is. Lucario are weak against fighting-type moves, and Mimi will become a fighting-type. It'll be very useful," my mom argued effortlessly.

"Well, I want at least two pokemon before I leave." I stood solid on that. There was no way I would leave with only a single pokemon. "Three is the best, though. And you know what? You can get me a second pokemon at the pet shop. They're
always
selling, and they evolve into my favorite."

"Sweetheart, we're not rich."

"But you can afford something before I leave, right?"

My dad bit his bottom lip. "Why don't you bring Matilda along?"

Matilda was my dad's flygon. She's a very strong flygon, but she dislikes me. I really wasn't sure why. She probably dislikes people with my personality, I suppose.

"No, Dad. She hates my guts."

"That's not true. She saved you from that slaking."

"She may hate my guts, but she won't let anyone die unless they really deserve it. She's an honorable pokemon, even if she hates me." I personally liked Matilda a lot, admired her, but she had a very high intolerance for me. That wouldn't be good for my adventure if she wouldn't listen to me. Plus, I didn't want to start with a strong pokemon. I wanted to nurture them my own way.

"We'll get you one thing, then. One pokemon," my mom said, sighing. "Next week, though."

"Mom, in five days time is my test. I'm eleven, Mom, and the test will let me become a pokemon trainer! I can't delay it
or
miss it, I want my second pokemon now."

"Well then, what do you want?"

I bit my bottom lip, hugging Mimi. Even if I didn't like her typing, she had been my friend for two years... it would be mean to push her aside.

"An eevee."


And that's exactly what they did—get me an eevee. They brought me to the pet shop (or pokemon shop, it didn't matter, they could be pets
or
trained pokemon), and I asked them for eevee. They had five of them.

And one of them was shiny!

But I didn't want that, because it would stand out too much, and it was expensive. I wanted a female, normal, one. Four normal ones, two of them were male. That left me with two females.

So they allowed me to play with them. One was very lively but arrogant, much like Princess and Evelyn. I went to see the other one, and was surprised when she ran into a corner. I thought it might have been Mimi (who had a permanent scowl on her face), but she was in her poke ball.

"My shroomish is in my poke ball," I coaxed, stepping forward. "She can't hurt you—and she
won't
. Neither will I. Come on, please..."

She still cowered in a corner, and I turned to demand the reason
why
.

"Her mother, a flareon, she... wasn't very maternal." The clerk hesitated. "Well, the mother was hungry—but she didn't want the food we gave her. We don't know why, she's with an expert."

"She tried to eat her own—"

"Yes, she attacked her daughter once she was out of the shell." I let out a gasp, hand flying to cover my mouth. I couldn't believe
any
mother would do that! "We had to knock her out with our own guard pokemon and sent her to a psychologist—since we weren't sure if there was something wrong with her—but the poor eevee had still been attacked."

"What injuries..?"

"Just a scar on her belly. But she's very quiet and withdrawn."

"...Oh."

I had decided which eevee.

"Mom? Dad? I want this eevee."



Author's note might be easier after the chapter, I thought, so... well, here my note is!



I just want to say/type it clear: if you have
any
advice, tips, blah blah blah, feel free to type! Actually, I'm practically begging you to, since, well... I don't think this was very good, so I think it would be nice to drop constructive criticism.



Also, I
am
aware of what a "mary sue" is. And yes, getting a freaking eevee adds mary sue points. I am utterly un-proud of that. But it
has
to be something precious like an eeveelution. You'll see why in the (much) later chapters, though, so please don't flame me on that one? Because I can't think of any... uh, spoil-ish-looking pokemon apart from eeveelutions. *ducks head shamefully*



The main character is a
she
, name is
Naomi
, and is age... eleven, I think that's what I wrote. They usually say they start at ten, but... I just bumped up the age once more. (I mean,
I
wouldn't have gone on an adventure—even with pokemon—when I was ten! I mean, seriously. Eleven is no better, but... I'm kind of...
really
obnoxious that way.)



Agh, the author's note was long, wasn't it? Well, it's the first chapter, so it won't be as long next time. Unless some serious explaining is needed.



Please review, and, um, advice? Because I would really appreciate that.


>