

This was the second night he was spending in Caroline's room, keeping an eye on her as she slept, watching for the nightmares he knew would come. Caroline was one of the most well adept vampires he had ever come across, but the one thing she never seemed to escape was her own guilt and fear.

Klaus was furious with her, suspected that wouldn't pass any time soon, but seeing her asleep looking so vulnerable and devastatingly young, it was a wake-up call. She had a gift of getting herself in troublesome and dangerous situations, but as long as she remained associated with him, she would always have a target on her back. If he was a better man he would have let her go, but Klaus was selfish and possessive, and she had given herself to him fully aware of who he was and what he would demand from her.

Still, Caroline was never going to make it easy on him, and he wanted it no other way. It was the woman that she was he had fallen for, not just her looks, but everything about her, even if she could be incredibly aggravating at times.

His eyes shifted to the door as it was cracked open, Kol's face appearing as he beckoned him to come out to the hall. He didn't want to leave her, knew another nightmare might descend upon her any minute, but he also knew Kol wouldn't bother him if it wasn't important.


Kol had briefly checked in on Bonnie once they got back to the compound, he had been worried when Rebekah told him about her fainting from the strain of all the witches passing through her, but had calmed down some after Bekah had assured him she was physically fine and only needed time to rest.

The situation with the other side was also something he would have to deal with soon, but first it was the matter of Nik's girl and her apparent penchant for magic. He had made a few calls to some old aquaintances, done a little research of his own, and what he had discovered was nothing he had ever expected.

Caroline wasn't the harbinger of death as the witches had thought, the magic running through her blood had nothing to do with their mother after all, but something else entirely, and it was that he needed to talk to Nik about.

"Make it quick," It was obvious his brother hadn't wanted to leave Caroline for even a minute, much like Kol hadn't wanted to leave Bonnie's side either, after all this time it seemed a happy ending was possible for them all if they could only stick together this time.

"I made some phone calls, found out something quite interesting about your girlfriend," When Nik said nothing, and only stared at him instead, Kol continued to tell him what he had learned.

"You're saying she's another type of hybrid; a vampire-witch? How is that even possible?"

"It's complicated, and I know it sounds impossible, but it's true. Apparently, Bill and Elizabeth Forbes adopted Caroline when she was two, it was a closed adoption so it was difficult to find any valid information at first, but I think I can explain it. There's a coven, the Gemini, the reason they are called Gemini is because in every generation their are born at least one set of twins. These twins grow up, only to have to merge with each other when they turn 21, and the one who survives becomes the next leader of the coven. Caroline here, she was part of a set of triplets, but unlike her siblings she wasn't born with any magic of her own. They call them siphoners, and these so called siphoners can absorb magic from anyone or anything remotely magical. When Caroline was turned into a vampire, she was granted an unlimited amount of magic through her own blood, vampirism is but the result of a powerful spell after all."

Klaus took some time to process this new information, but in the end it changed nothing, not for him anyway.

"Does she know? Caroline, does she know that she was adopted?" Shaking his head, Kol folded his arms and leaned casually against the wall.

"I don't think so, but I can't be sure of course. I guess you'll just have to ask her when she wakes up."

Sighing, Klaus ran a hand through his damp hair, after returning from the massacre he had been covered in blood, a shower had been necessary.

"It doesn't change anything, but we need to be certain Kol, the witches that are left are going to keep coming for her and I can't watch her 24/7." Even if that's all he wanted to do.

Kol nodded his agreement, he had already put use to many of his families contacts, but he was thinking it might be time to return for a brief visit to Mystic Falls and have a chat with the lovely sheriff Forbes.

"Can you get away for a few days? I think in order to find the answers we are looking for, we might need to take a short trip to Mystic Falls." The last place Klaus ever wanted to return to was the wretched little town that was Mystic Falls, but if it would provide him with the means to protect Caroline, he would do it.

"Elijah and Rebekah can hold down the fort here while we are away, but Caroline will be coming with us, as I'm guessing miss Bennett will." Klaus had immediately picked up on Kol's affections for the current anchor, knew he would do everything in his power to protect her, and he would not leave her alone. In that fashion, Klaus and Kol was deeply similar, as was Elijah, which was why he trusted the safety of Haley and his unborn child to him.

"I'll discuss the matter with her as soon as she wakes, but I won't leave her alone, Nik." Klaus suspected little discussion was needed, from what he had gathered, Bonnie had only come along to keep an eye on Kol to begin with and would probably be happy to return to her home town.

"We shall inform Elijah and Rebekah in the morning. If there was nothing else, I'll see you in the morning." He was anxious to get back to Caroline's side, he could hear her stirring and he wanted to be there before the nightmares took over.

"See you tomorrow then, brother."


Caroline had been aware of him the second he entered her room, even half enmeshed in sleep as she was, she was always aware of him whenever he was close. It was probably because he was there that she'd been able to relax in the first place, but as soon as he left her room, she came too and lay in the darkness and listened to his conversation with Kol.

It had been a lot to process, the information Kol had come up with, and she didn't want to believe it even as part of her recognized it as the truth. She had always been a little different, felt like she didn't quite fit in Mystic Falls, as if a part of her was missing. Now that she knew the truth, she didn't really know how she was supposed to feel. It wasn't the adoption part that had her so conflicted, that didn't matter to her at all, Liz and Bill were the only parents she had ever known and she loved them like they were her own biologically speaking. What was difficult to wrap her mind around was the fact that she was some sort of weird witch-vampire hybrid, and that somewhere she had siblings. She was a triplet, it wasn't easy to process.

When Klaus came back into her room, she didn't even pretend to be asleep, she just watched him as he closed the door behind him and turned to face her. It was obvious he was furious at her and she couldn't blame him, she would be furious at her too. His eyes locked with hers in the darkness, and she swallowed under the force of his penetrating gaze.

"How much of that did you hear?" Shrugging, she reached over to turn on the nightlight and pushed up to brace her back against the headboard, turning her eyes to look out the window.
"Enough," She didn't really know what to say, she felt so guilty and ashamed of what had happened, and she was so confused and uncertain about her future. The witches were never going to stop coming from her, and the longer she stayed with Klaus and his family, she was only going to cause more trouble for them.
"Caroline, look at me," Swallowing, she forced herself to meet his gaze, trying to contain the tears and heartbroken sobs she'd trapped inside since the cemetary. She didn't want to cry, to be weak and useless, but that was exactly how she felt like and she didn't know how to make it different.

"I'm sorry," the apology came by its own accord, she had no control of her own voice and she didn't even care, because she really was sorry. And so tired, she was so damn tired of having to be rescued all the time, she wanted to be an asset, not a burden.
"I know, but it doesn't change what happened tonight. You nearly got yourself killed because you were keeping secrets from me, it has to end Caroline, no more secrets." Nodding, she clutched at the sheets and bit her tongue in order to hold the sobs at bay.

"I'm scared," It was the first time she had admitted that to anyone, but it was true, and she had been for a long time. Ever since she got into bed with Katherine to take down Marcel, since Jesse's death, she had been so scared of the future and what life had in store for her. She'd been scared as a human too, even if she hadn't known it at the time, she had been terrified of Damon, and as she had later discovered, for good reason.

Sighing, Klaus walked over to take a seat on the bed next to her. He looked tired, as if he carried the world on his shoulders, and all she wanted was to take it all away.
"I told you I wouldn't let anything happen to you, I promised you that you would be safe, I need you to allow me to keep my promise." Reaching out he cupped her cheek and stroked his thumb gently over her cheekbone, and she leaned into his touch.
"Why aren't you yelling at me right now?" Opening her eyes, she caught his gentle smile as he shook his head before leaning in to press his lips against her temple.
"You are sleep deprived and tired, I can yell at you in the morning." She wanted to laugh, but he was right, she was tired and scared and just wanted to sleep but she was afraid to close her eyes. The nightmares would come, this time filled with images of all the people she thought were her friends, and now they were all dead because of her.

"Can you stay with me?"
"I'll be right here, love." Shaking her head because he didn't understand what she was asking, she moved over to make some room for him next to her.
He understood then, and to her surprise he hesitated, but then she threw back the covers with a pleading in her eyes and he gave in. Removing his shirt and pants, he got under the covers next to her and she curled up against his chest, slowly succumbing to sleep as he whispered words of comfort and stroked her hair gently. If the nightmares came tonight it was okay, she wouldn't be battling them alone anymore.


Haley breathed a sigh of relief as the baby settled down inside of her, she'd been acting up ever since that first moment she realized Caroline was in danger. It worried her, that her baby had some kind of connection to Caroline, it didn't make any sense, and yet she knew it was true. Whatever it was, she knew Elijah and Klaus would do everything to find out what it was, but it was still a little scary.

"Haley," Elijahs voice broke into her thoughts and she looked towards the door of the nursery, her hands pressed protectively over her stomach.
"Elijah, you're back, how's Caroline?" Stepping into the nursery, Elijah looked like something was eating at him, but he was such a private person she knew he wouldn't tell her anything if he didn't want to, no matter how hard she pushed.
"Shaken up, devastated and traumatized, but Niklaus is with her, she should make a full recovery." Haley exhaled and smiled, happy that her strange new friend was okay. Over the course of their timid friendship, she had kind of started to think of Caroline like her own guardian angel and she wasn't sure she could do all of this without her. It felt good not being the only outsider in the midst of the Mikaelson-family anymore, and Caroline was the one she could best to relate too. They were the same age, both of them had suffered through traumatizing experiences and both of them was now involved in crazy supernatural drama, it felt good to have a friend who actually understood her.

"And the witches?" Unbuttoning his suit jacket, Elijah leaned against the wall next her rocking chair and stuffed his hand in his pocket.
"Dead, but I suspect there will be more attacks such as this. You should be warned Haley, that security around you and Caroline will escalate in the coming days."
"It's fine, I don't think this little one has any plans to stay inside for much longer." And that was probably the thing that scared her the most, she wasn't sure she was ready to be a mom yet, and definetely not considering she'd be coparenting with Klaus of all people.



Hey guys! It's been really, really long since the last update on this story and I'm so sorry about that, but here it is!



I hope you liked it, and would love to hear what you think. Also, the next chapter or possibly the one after that, will see some of the characters take a trip to Mystic Falls and Whitmore, and the story will also continue in New Orleans. I'm thinking maybe five more chapters before this story is over - for now at least - but I do have one question for you;



Haley will be giving birth soon, and it will happen almost the way it actually did in the Originals, what I want to know is whether you want Haley to survive or if she should actually die during the birth. Let me know!



XoXo - CookieD


>