


I don't own Harry potter and, sadly, I don't own Naruto either, tear. All rights go to their respective owners. Ok this is my first fanfiction so please be nice. I am a MAJOR Naruto fan, and I liked the Harry Potter books. I have been reading a bunch of crossovers between the two lately and thought I might try writing one myself. This story will take place in Shippuden before the fourth great ninja war, around the meeting of the five Kages after Peins attack. I plan on including Itachi in this story, so let's just pretend Itachi hasn't fought Sasuke yet. This takes place in the third Harry Potter book. I'll try my best to get their characters right. Oh and no pairings, sorry to all of you who wanted romance. Also I know Harry is only like 13-14 in the third book and Naruto is fifteen, but I am just going to start Harry off as 14, that way they're closer in age.




Edit: Hey guys, so guess what? I'm not dead! *Sigh* I feel like a total failure as an author for leaving this story on Hiatus for so long. *Bows* I'm extremely sorry. Anyways here are those edits I was talking about.




Kurama talking.



Thinking.



Talking in Japanese.


Normal talking.

Prologue

Ding, ding, ding!

A clock chimed midnight somewhere in the desolate halls of Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Dark clouds covered the stars that night, making it almost impossible to see the man that was hurrying across the grounds. When he reached the door he carefully looked around to make sure he was alone before opening the doors and quickly slipping inside.

The man stepped into the circular room and pulled down the hood of his black cloak revealing a tall, thin man with a nose that looked like it had been broken at least twice, silver hair, a beard so long that it could be tucked into his belt, and a brilliant, but kind, pair of bright blue eyes that seemed like they could see right through you. He stepped into the room and smiled at the two teachers.

"There you are Professor Dumbledore!" exclaimed a rather severe looking woman with square glasses, and black hair pulled into a tight bun.

"Sorry I could not be here sooner Minerva, Snape, but I had something I needed to attend to." Professor Dumbledore said with a twinkle in his eyes.

"Why have you called us here?" a man in the back of the room (who was obviously Snape) asked, speaking up for the first time. He was wearing flowing black robes and he had a hooked nose, shoulder length, greasy black hair, curling lips and dark, penetrating eyes that resembled tunnels.

Professor Dumbledore nodded to him in greeting and then said gravely, "I have just received news that Sirius Black has escaped prison."

Professor McGonagall gasped, while a look of pure rage flashed on Snape's face.

"Bu- but that can't be true," Professor McGonagall said sinking into an arm chair, "it's impossible to escape from Azkaban!"

"Yes it is, or at least it was." Professor Dumbledore said seriously. "But somehow Black has found a way to escape."

"If he has escaped, then how come no one has heard about it yet?" Professor Snape sneered angrily.

"He escaped yesterday, and the ministry has done a good job of keeping it quiet so far, though I do think we will be hearing about it in the Daily Prophet tomorrow." Dumbledore said knowingly.

McGonagall opened her mouth to ask another question, but Dumbledore held up his hand to stop her.

"I know this has come as a great shock and you no doubt have a ton of questions, but I will have to answer them later. Right now our first priority should be Harry Potter, and his safety, for Black will surely come after him" Dumbledore said gravely. He suddenly sighed sitting down heavily in a nearby armchair. "Not only that, but Fudge has ordered that Dementors be placed around Hogwarts until he is caught."

This statement was met with shocked silence. Finally McGonagall spoke up, "What! How can Fudge think that placing
Dementors
around a school full of
children
could even be considered safe?!" Snape nodded in agreement.

Dumbledore just stared at the ground in defeat, looking every bit his age. He seemed to be thinking deeply about something, before finally nodding his head as he came to a decision.

"I have an idea," Dumbledore started hesitantly before continuing on determinedly, "and I'm almost positive you will neither like, nor agree to it."

Snape and McGonagall stared at him curiously, eagerly waiting to hear his solution.

"To be frank, we are at quiet a disadvantage right now. We have neither the time nor the means to watch and guard Harry twenty-four seven, and I don't think that bringing in dementors will do any good, seeing as how Black has escaped from them before and I'm sure he can do it again. No what we need is help from the outside, what we need is
them.
" Dumbledore finished ominously.

Snape and McGonagall just stared at him uncomprehendingly for a moment before their eyes went wide with shock.

"Are you crazy?" Snape hissed, "They're mercenaries,
assassins
. For all we know they could turn around and murder us in our sleep."

McGonagall nodded in agreement.

"While that may be true for some, the ones that I have in mind are not like the others." Dumbledore responded, "In fact I've heard that they're extremely loyal to those who hire them."

Snape raised an eyebrow unbelievingly.

"Think of it this way, they're not only experts in deception, but are extremely powerful. It would be easy to have one or two go undercover as a student or teacher. Then the problem of watching Harry would be solved. Of course were not going to put our complete trust in them, no, that would be foolish considering their past reputation." Dumbledore concluded putting emphasis on past.

Snape remained unconvinced but McGonagall seemed to be giving the idea some thought. Dumbledore knew that if he could at least get one of them to agree that would be all he needed to convince the other.

Finally after careful consideration, McGonagall nodded her head hesitantly in agreement. Snape sighed, knowing he had lost still he gave it one last go, "Dumbledore you know it's illegal to hire them."

"Well what are rules for if not to be broken."

>