

Chapter 1: An empire is born

Time: 49964 BC Earth

Location Mars, Prothean research center

"But sir do you truly think this is what can overcome the Reapers?" an assistant said

The Head Prothean scientist looked blankly ahead.

"Yes, it is what must be done, our race and our empire has fallen and that is because we grew lax in everything, our military was ill prepared, our safe guards were utterly useless and we pushed on a head heedless to the cost simply because we continued to bask in our greatness, our greed."

The assistant along with all others present were surprised by their superior's words.

"We have only survived because this facility and any actions of our people in this solar system were erased by our leaders before the Reapers came so that none would know of our work, what our goals were, to study the humans to see what they may be able to achieve, it has been many centuries since the empires fall and yet we remain for one purpose, to create the means of the Reapers destruction and my predecessors found it, the Humans."

Still shocked the assistant tried to understand.

"What do you mean sir, the reason we are told that we remain is to hopefully develop the human people thousands of years beyond what they are at now so that we could enter an interstellar alliance to survive and thrive with them"

"No Molor, that is not our true purpose, even at the beginning of the invasion my predecessor knew that with the number of people that we had and resources we could never "upgrade" the entire human race in time before we all died, we could only improve one"

"One sir?"

"Yes, we were unprepared, ill-equipped and fell into the trap that the Reapers had designed for countless others like us, but what if we could create a being with our knowledge of both our empire and of the Reapers plans who knew of what was to come and have thousands if not millions of years to prepare, what could the Reapers do against such an enemy, we have the power of evolution, while scientists in the old days were fearful of what this power could bring out they stopped studying it but we continued to the point where we could grant any sub species extraordinary abilities. However we could only do this with a species that had barley been evolutionized and had minimal brain activity save for the basics, the only race that we knew of were the humans, and so we began to create the ultimate Human, with powers that you only see in fantasy, flight, super strength, mind control, emotional control, lightning, even immortality. You name it we gave it to him, but the question came up of if he would lord over his species or be a benevolent ruler, we eventually settled on mentally asking him with our machines, he responded, "
I have seen your culture, your strife, your pain and it fills my heart with sadness that other sentient life could cause needless wars, violence such as rape and menipualte their fellow man simply for more currency to stoke their greed, it fills me both with sadness and hate for these people and I believe that the disease known as greed must be purged from existence."


The assistant was at a loss for words, "
How could he have such a benevolent heart, it just does not seem possible!"


The Head researcher saw his amazed look and spoke as if he had read his thoughts.

"Yes we were quite surprised as well, it seems that with the knowledge of what will eventually come for his people he seems to have no dominating traits in his brain patterns, but then again when you are allowed full access to your brain unlike the 1% that is currently in the normal human brain, you can understand quite a bit more than your average dictator."

"Does he also know of the indoctrination of the Reapers and what it can do?"

"Yes, we even had a long discussion on how to counter it with his mind abilities and he was confident that when they finally came he would have greater power over the mind than they could imagine."

"So we have been creating a super being who is kind hearted, has powers closer to a God than anything previously known even the Reapers, has the knowledge of our people and what occurred when the Reapers invaded and has thousands if not more to prepare his species and any others for their coming and knows not to fall for the Mass Effect relay trap like we did?"

The Head Scientist just turned his head and said "Yes".

The assistant grinned, "Then may whatever Gods for all races previously destroyed, rejoice, for the Reapers destruction is assured."

Time table

49746, BC, Earth: The Super Human named Maximus, by the scientists for his awe inspiring power is sent back to Earth for the first time and begins to change the Human mind mentally, however it would take a long time for it to take perfect his mental powers and for them to effect the entirety of earth. A very long time

3456, BC, Earth: His powers were finally taking effect after so long, the Human brain was much more stubborn than he predicted but he quickly corrected himself. Smaller communities began to form together, new tools were created to improve hunting and the most recent new invention farming, Maximus smiled for civilization took its first steps.

3278. BC, Earth: Maximus frowned, he saw two men arguing over the price of a couple of chickens with the newly made currency, to Maximus currency was an evil in itself, it only caused more problems than it was worth and brought greed to many sentient's just as shown in his Prothean memories, he immediately began to shift his focus from creating civilization to creating a productive human race instead of the confrontational and selfish one he had begun to see.

2843, BC, Earth: He had done it! Greed was finally eradicated from the human brain, no longer were there arguments, instead, intellectual debates were held, currency was "thrown out the window" based on how ineffective it was, instead the people began to only have what they needed,no rich or poor people, just people and they sought new ways to make life better because without greed it made way for a different emotion's to take hold such as honour, morality, justice and the protection of all life. For the first time in his Immortal life he felt happy, he had planted the first seeds of peace amongst his people, but he also feared that when it came time for battle his people would not be prepared for it. He began to plan.

2700, BC, Earth: The time has come, the people of Earth will finally know who I am. I travelled to the middle of the world and climb the highest hill and wait, for my mental powers are commanding all humans to come to me and all danger to stay away. It took months and even years for them to all join me, they saw me as an enigma and as the time began to move on a town was built but with the influx of people soon became a city and finally once they had all arrived the city had become a metropolis thanks to my influence. I still resided on my hill surrounded by a green field and surrounding that was the city in a huge ring formation. It was time for me to speak. I called them all with my power to gather and hear my words.

"
People of Humanity, my name is Maximus, for nearly 40,000 years I have watched you and your ancestors build and thrive at an exponential rate, though you have never seen me or even heard of me before today, I am here to ask you not tell you if I may show you how you have achieved these feats?"


The crowd was in complete silence unable to comprehend what this being asked of them, but one little girl stood in front of him and asked "Could you please show us all Mister Maximus"

The Man-God smiled at the little girl and nodded his head.

"
Of course little one, many thousands of years ago there was another people, another race far different from you, a race from the stars above, a people called the Protheans. 40,000 years ago they brought me to their small home on the red light you see in the stars at night called Mars, they told me of a great threat to not only my people but of all people of every planet, race, and of every living being in the universe, they told me of the Reapers."


Many were scared of what these reapers could do to their loved ones, if even these Prothean could not stop them than what chance did they have?

"
Do not worry my people, for in me they placed the hopes and dreams of countless races upon my shoulders, they bestowed upon me powers beyond imagining both physical, mental and celestial, these powers are to not conquer but to aid you as I have done for thousands of years, I have changed your ways of thinking by erasing the greed that began to take place in your minds. If any of you take offence to this please ask whatever questions that you like."


"What else have you changed about us?" said one man

"
I first brought you all together into a community instead of you being separate as individuals, have you not all accepted one another despite the differences between you all, the color of your skins to your physical appearance, I have brought you together at this crucial time so that acceptance of one another is achieved early instead of hate and racism taking place."


"What is the purpose of all of this?" a woman asked

"
That my dear is the most important question of all, the Prothean Empire failed to fight back this threat because they did not understand, they had fallen into a trap laid out by the Reapers for all new races to find, the Mass Relays, and that is what I am here today to rectify, your mental capabilities must be upgraded for you to understand the true purpose of us all."


Maximus looked at all of the people standing before, took a deep breath and opened his mind to them all, changing the course of human evolution forever, while it would take a few more thousand years and they would still only understand how to use 3-4% of their brains, now with his help they could understand 50%, he had also given the ability to detect lies and deceit, while it was unlikely that any Human would lie to one another now with everyone having this ability he would explain it to them.

"
Yes as you might now wonder what is the purpose of this ability if we can all sense it, well as I have said the Prothean's existed, a people beyond our solar system, so who is to say that we won't meet others out in the great beyond, I can sense only a small few but they are there, but back to your question what is the purpose, tell me with the knowledge that I know and the abilities that I have I was given the task by the Protheans to use the abilities to destroy the Reapers once and for all so that all life sentient, organic and artificial can live in true harmony for the first time in countless ages. That is my purpose, to build an empire, a Human Empire to battle the threat that they pose and any other race that will not listen to reason or diplomacy but only by the sting of a blade in their hearts, for on this day I call upon you all to stand with me as free Humans to build, protect and defend all life from harm, injustice and pain, for that my people is our purpose to be the peacekeepers and guardians of the Galaxy! So together let us rise up and crate an Empire to be proud of!


The roar of the collective body of the human race will be told as a cry that deafened and blotted out all other sounds around the world, for on that day the city of Elysium was built and with it the Human Empire was born.

>