

"Um, you don't need to go easy on my third pokemon," I told the tester. "She's strong. She won't go down very easily. ...Not quite my pokemon last time, but now she is. So please don't go easy on her. I don't want to win too easily."

"Is that really necessary?" the tester asked, quirking an eyebrow.

"...Yes. She even has a type advantage, seeing as how lucario is a steel-type." Or that's what I remembered from the textbook, anyway. "She's half ground-type. Makes her stronger. Well, I should cut the talk and get started, shouldn't I?"

The tester frowned. "Newbies shouldn't be cocky."

I brought the timer ball close to my mouth. "Matilda is
not
a newbie."

The ball shook in agreement. Matilda only agreed with me when we were being insulted, or shared a common hatred for someone. ...Or something. My hand lifted into the high up in the air, bent backwards, and flung it forward.

Matilda had taken off her translator (to avoid getting it spoiled in case we broke it while fighting), so I couldn't understand her sharp cry of "
Roaaaarrr
!" that she made when she came out. I don't think it personally mattered. It probably meant "You are going
down
you freaking cocky ass" or something to that effect. I wasn't very sure, but Matilda wasn't very nice. And the roar didn't sound nice either.

"All right, Matilda! Earthquake!" I cried. The flygon slammed her tail onto the ground. The lucario cried out, in pain or shock, I didn't know, and leaped into the air. I cursed—I hadn't thought the lucario would do that! Luckily, Matilda moved for me, making stones appear out of midair (only a rock-type move could do that), and I noticed they were horribly sharp, before she sent them flying towards the lucario. Some hit, some missed. I was merely horrified either way. The lucario landed, and another slam of the tail gave a sharp earthquake. I watched in pure amazement as the lucario leaped into the air again—but Matilda saw that one coming and had already created the stones, now sending them flying. It was probably the move stone edge, now that I looked more carefully.

"Acting without even listening to the trainer's commands?" The tester shook her head. "Not a good sign."

"What about
you
?" I snapped. "Your freaking lucario has been dodging by itself.
Anything
to say?"

"Using moves and dodging are two different things!" the tester yelled. "Lucario! Aura sphere,
now
!"

"Matilda, dragon claw!"

The aura spheres hit Matilda in the stomach, making her fly backwards. She dug her tail into the ground, jerking her to a halt, before she whipped her tail backwards and flew forward, claw glowing with a dangerous purple, and brought it down on the lucario.

"Won't do much, honey," the tester said, smirking. "As you said, lucario are half steel-type! So it's not very effective."

I glared at her. "Matilda, hold the lucario down and earthquake!" She used earthquake with her tail, right? So that meant she didn't have to use her hands. I was
hoping
this theory was right. I could only confirm it now.

Matilda shoved the lucario downwards and slammed her tail against the ground, making it shake madly. This time I had to cling onto a nearby tree—and hoped it didn't have any bug pokemon on it—because it was fiercer than before. Which meant, Matilda was unhappy and wanted to end this quick. I could use that to my own advantage.

"Your lucario has been going pretty well," I called out to the tester.

"Don't act as if you're the expert!" she called back irritatedly.

"But I
am
the winning one, and that's that! Matilda, point-blank fire blast!" Fire blast was a special attack, meaning it wouldn't be as powerful as Matilda's other moves, since flygon were more of attackers than special attackers. Matilda breathed out a large, violent jet of flames before leaping backwards. I stared and watched; Matilda did too.

"...I'm the winner." Unless the lucario fainting made me the loser.

The tester returned her lucario. Matilda nodded to me and I returned her, too. "...Yes, you are." I could hear the grudging tone in her voice. "You are qualified to become a trainer. You have to fill in some papers tomorrow, though."

I nodded. "It'll be papers that I am
trusted
to sign?"

"It won't be anything much, just your age, full name, things like that and your pokemon. It'll all be ready by the day after tomorrow, your trainer card, your pokedex, everything. Or, you can do the papers now, if we have free staff, and get your things tomorrow."

"Could you help me check?" When not battling, the tester was a lot more nicer. "Oh, there is a train from here to Aquacorde Town, right? It's done by the school, right? When does the train leave?" I didn't want to ride on a flying flygon who disliked me—well, not unless I had to.

"Next month. You can take your own mode of transportation if you have any, and seeing as how you have your flygon..." The tester trailed off, giving me a "you know what I mean" feeling. "Anyway, I'll check whether there's any staff."


I basically had to fill in many things, and when I was finished, came back to watch the battles and was amused when Princess lost—purrloin
were
weak to lucario, but Evelyn should have seen it coming. I mean, they warned us two months beforehand the test was going to be with a lucario.

There
were
two other tests, but that was only to judge how well we could cope. If we couldn't cope very well, then we would be given a special badge to alert others that we weren't very strong. I passed the tests, and luckily, did not receive the badge. Matilda would probably have cursed me for the rest of my life if I did. So I was really lucky.

And so the next day, I had received my things. My trainer card, my pokedex, essential stuff for a trainer. I got a free holo caster, too. Apparently, I was the only one who was traveling to Santalune City on my own mode of transportation. The others all used the train, since it was a lot safer.

But hey, life is about risks. And I'm willing to take those risks.

So I was packing in the morning, with my new trainer card and pokedex, carefully stuffed in a backpack. I was packing even before breakfast—and hadn't even showered yet. I was kinda paranoid, but this was important! So I fretted over my things while Sylvia and Mimi watched and Matilda laughed.

And then I had to decide what to wear. Boy, oh boy, I disliked clothes for adventuring. That was because I
loved
skirts and dresses, but I certainly wasn't going to wear one for an adventure. I mean, I didn't want to get raped on the second day of my journey, did I? So spaghetti strap tops either. Not that I was very fond of them. Plus, skirts wouldn't be good for walking around in, and especially not climbing things. I would probably only wear skirts if I was going to a formal event or just wandering around town. But I probably should wear jeans or shorts even if I
was
just wandering around town...

So, a plain shirt and three-quarters, and I was set to go.

...Or, what was what I would like to say. My
hair
.
My hair
. I always liked long hair, to it went down to my elbows now, but it only occurred to me
now
how troublesome it would be. Short hair would be a lot safer. But long hair could keep me warm! Besides, I had no time to cut it
now
. So I did them in two long pigtails and then I was
really
ready to go.

I skipped downstairs for breakfast, which was french toast. Ah, my favorite. Of course my mom would make me my favorite, on my day to journey out. I saw Matilda nuzzle into my mom's cheek—I smiled. She was so affectionate when she
did
like someone. Oh, my jealousy had been
bought
. Sylvia and Mimi did come and sit on my lap, but I shooed them off shortly after. They were hard to eat over.

"I think I'm ready," I decided, tugging at the bottom of my shirt. Matilda snorted.


"About time!"
The translator collar was really getting on my nerves, since Matilda would only spew out harsh words to me or others. But it was probably the only one I would ever get, so I kept quiet.
"Are you ready to get airsick for two days, Trainer?"


It was weird having her call me trainer. Not that I particularly cared. "Two days? ...Santalune City,
right
?" Confirming wouldn't hurt!

Matilda scoffed.
"Yes, you forgetful girl. We will fly nonstop but you
will
have to feed me food occasionally."


"...Fine."


"Then we are set to go. Are you ready?"


"...Not really."

I went and did my goodbye things to my parents, and they kept telling me to "Be safe!" and all that. My mom was trying to hold back tears, I could see. I didn't make any comments.

Matilda was waiting in the garden. She tested her wings, and I merely stood outside, trembling with a mixture of excitement and sadness. Excitement for the journey, sadness at the thought I was leaving my home. They were going against each other, but... emotions weren't something I could control.


"Are you
finally
ready?"
She was irritated. I knew that much.

"...Yeah, I think so."


"Good."


I climbed onto her back and began my unexciting journey of flight for two days.

>