

His place is nice. Hannah doesn't know too much about architecture and hasn't had very many friends who lived in actual apartments on stations, but the Councilor's been put up in very nice digs, even she can tell. She looks out of a window in his bedroom and they are in a tower so high that it's like a carpet of lights spreading out at her feet.

He comes up behind her and he leans in, pressing the side of his face into her neck. His hide is warm and rough and he's making this continuous low noise in his chest, thrumming. He slowly settles his hands on her hips.

She's spoken with her daughter. Some things were made clear. Other things were not so clear, because even though they are both salty marines, a barrier of embarrassment lays between them. It's okay. So let's see if she can do this.

She lays a hand over his and takes the time to explore, to circle his knuckles with the tips of her fingers, to feel the difference of three fingers. His grip on her tightens suddenly and then he relaxes because he doesn't want to hurt her. She turns a little so that she can see him, but still in his hands.

His gloves are simple. She picks his hand up and tugs on his second finger. His hand opens. She does it again, raising his hand up and putting her teeth at the loosened end on his first finger and pulling. She draws him out with her teeth and his hand is trembling, that deep grinding thrum goes louder.

She looks up at him through her eyelashes and smiles, picking up his other hand. His eyes close for a minute and his mandibles pull in tight before going slack. She does it again and at the end, his hands twitch for a moment. His claws glint in the light. She presses her cheek to one palm and kisses it. It's warm.

"Don't tear my dress," Hannah's voice is low and sure. "I'd be very upset."

The thrum hitches with amusement as he turns her around and finds the long zipper in the back. She pulls her hair out of the way as he draws it down and he leans in and there's a press of his lip plates against the back of her neck. It is as her daughter says; there's more give to them than they look. He unzips her all the way and instead of peeling her out of the dress immediately, he lays his palms flat on her back, feeling her, petting her.

He's very warm. He gets to her obstructing bra, examines it for a moment, before undoing it as well.

She steps away from him, turning to face him, and lowers the dress down to the floor and steps out of them. For every step he takes towards her, she takes one back, until she's backed up to his bed. She glances over her shoulder and lets herself drop onto his covers.

She catches him on the middle of his pounce with her boot, the point of her toe digging into his neck, her heel hooked onto the rim of his cowl.

The thrum turns into a growl and his mandibles flare.

"No," Hannah grinds her heel down a little and there's a little scraping noise against his plates. "I'm not all the way undressed, am I?"

He blinks once, twice. Hannah gives him a little push with her boot and he backs up. She lays there and stretches a little, watching him as reaches out and takes a hold of the zipper on her boot and pulls. He gets it off and drops it to the side. She smiles at him as he does the same for the other. She's in her socks now and he runs the pad of a finger lightly over the fabric.

He can tell that it's fragile and he carefully, carefully, gets one and then the other down her calves to her ankles. He can't help it; he lifts one leg up and gives it a long lick, mandibles fluttering. Once she's out, he steps away so that he can undress.

Closures part where she doesn't expect and it all looks very complicated. His pants are nothing short of an engineering mystery when it comes to clearing his spurs. She looks at his arousal and it is like him, very alien. Hannah doesn't feel one bit of hesitation.

He kneels between her legs once again, licking and petting upwards, feeling out the muscles, and he's looking at the last thing in his way; her panties. They look even more delicate than her socks and he glances at her. He actually looks worried.

Hannah giggles and reaches out to pet his neck.

"I'll get this one."

Sparatus would really like to stop feeling like he was on the verge of cardiac arrest. He implored any spirits who would listen most fervently to do something about his heart. He's not that old, the lady is so very willing, and he's going to take the memory of her slipping her lower undergarment off like the gift that it was, just please, could somebody do something about the pounding in his ears, he can't endure it anymore.

She touches his neck again, making him shiver, and asks if he is fine.

Yes, yes, he is, just- It's really sort of amazing how much he's shaking from arousal, it's as if he hasn't been spending almost all his waking moments fantasizing and masturbating, fascinating how it was absolutely no fucking help at all for his control-!

He can't even voice it, but she's so understanding, so knowing that she simply takes him in her hand, rolling the head of his cock between her thumb and forefinger.

His voiceboxes disappear into an entirely unhearable register and when she gets him in her hand and squeezes, yes, spirits, so much better than his imaginings-

As her hand moves, her eyes lock onto his and he rolls his hips forward with each stroke, and he feels his mandibles get set, as he tries to keep silent- he has to keep quiet while she's doing this-

"I know you want to yell," she gets on her knees and murmurs in his ear. "Come on. Don't be shy."

Permission-!

He reaches out and crushes her into an embrace as he yells out, uncaring, free, free, trembling, coming, free.

He holds her, hot and panting and Hannah feels quite squished. He loosens his grip and his cock slips right out of her fingers, withdrawing.

"You're so lovely," he finally speaks. "So very lovely, Hannah. I may call you Hannah, right?"

"Do I get to call you Sparatus?"

"Please."

"Yes, you may," Hannah sounded prim and formal, which was entirely at odds with the way she was rubbing herself on him.

He lets her down, so that she can lay in bed again and his head is clear, he can taste and touch now and hear all the little sounds she makes, the smell of her, savor the sight of her taking the slick fluid from his cock and opening her legs to smooth it over herself. It's all a gift.

He asks so that she can tell him how to please her, showing him first with her fingers as he watches and then he's on her, licking and rubbing and she's a sweet writhing treat in his sheets. She's flushed and open. He slides in and she holds on to his cowl like she knows and they move together and he hasn't felt so deep and good in so long, so long.

"Tell me," she says. "Tell me if you're going to come."

He can't think-!

"Tell me," her voice rises and her fingers dig into the more tender hide just under the rim.

"FUCK! Aaahhh-! You-! Hannah! HANNAH!"

His joints feel like they've come undone, unstrung. He starts to move.

"No," she murmurs, kissing his neck. "Stay."

"I'm crushing you."

"You wish."

Sparatus moves to the side, so that not all of his weight is on her anyway.

"I wish," he runs the pads of his fingers over the back of her hand. "To see you again. I must see you again. Have you, again."

Hannah smiles and brushes some hair out of her face.

"Sounds good to me."

finis

>