

Chapter 1: Welcome to Camp Cyclos part 1

X

Hi, my name is Thomas and this is my first fanfic and crossover fanfic so I don't care about bad reviews, but anyways please enjoy the story.

X

Thomas - Hi, as the writer has stated that he is Thomas, well me too, but he's not a famous tv star and multi award winning actor...oh before I forget, to all ladies the new movie everyone has been talking about, you know 'Charming Look' starring Thomas McLeen is out now. Ok now for the real purpose of being here is that 22 contestants will brawl each to win $3 million. 4 weeks, 2 teams, 8 going to the merge, 1 winner and 21 losers. Now let's welcome our first contestants.

A boat arrives and the four contestants got out

Thomas - The first boat touchdown and the Regular Show stars celebrate.

Mordecai - What's to celebrate when you lied to us!

Rigby - yeah where the arcade room.

Margaret - You can't play videogames, even Eileen is better than you.

Eileen - Stop it Margaret

Thomas - Hey, eyes up here people. You have 1 month to fight for 3 big onesso stand behind me.

The four stood behind Thomas with anger. After that, the second boat arrives.

Thomas - The Adventure Time stars; Finn, Jake, Princess Bubblegum and Fionna arrive.

Finn - Cool Island and there are cabins, extra cool.

Jake - I don't like leaving bmo alone at the house.

PB - What type of house is that anyway?

Fionna - Its a tree house duh.

Thomas - Yo, welcome to Camp Cyclops where one of you will get injured everyday.

Finn - What did you say?

Thomas - the third boat arrives.

Four contestants got out confused.

Thomas - Welcome Gumball, Darwin, Anais and Penny.

Gumball and Darwin - JACUZZI, WOO HOO.

Anais - Why are we here?

Penny - Yeah are we supposed to be in a 5 star hotel.

Thomas - You're in a 5 star hotel... for roaches.

Anais sighed and the fourth boat arrives.

Thomas - Another boat arrives and Ben, Gwen, Kevin and Charmcaster are hre.

Ben - Ah, not another trick.

Kevin - I don't care, I'm here to show Tennesyon here that I'm better than me.

Gwen - Why am I here with these 3?

Charmcaster - Well what are you waiting for Ben, use your watch to get us out of here.

Ben - I would if it was working.

Thomas - Ok stand behind me losers.

The fifth boat arrives and four contestants got out.

Thomas - Now these are some real campers, Courage, Eustace, Katz and Di Long.

Courage - I hope Muriel is okay.

Eustace - Where's the money stupid boy?

Katz - You mean my money you bald idiot.

Eustace - Who are you calling bald you stupid cat.

Eustace push Katz and he bumped into Di Long.

Di Long - Watch where you going you fool.

Thomas - I love this fight, they will increase the ratings.

The final boat arrives and two kids got out.

Thomas - And the final boat touchdown and Billy and Mandy are in the island.

Billy - Where's the chocolate fountain?

Mandy - Where's my money?

Thomas - At the end of the series when you win it. Ok since everyone is here, let's get on with the tour.

X

Thomas - Ok if you enjoy the tour, then you will love your first challenge.

Rigby - What! you tricked us to come here for $3 million, eat food that come from garbage, sleep in dirty bunks and now you want us to take a stupid challenge.

Thomas - Yes and its quite easy. All you have to do is to stand at the end of this cliff and jump in one of the lakes down there.

The 22 campers looked down the cliff and saw two different lakes split into two, one is orange water and the other one is normal water. And the cliff was 50 feet long.

Finn - If one of us will win the game, we'll have to die.

X

That is it for today. Sorry I couldn't finish both part, because I'm really tied from last night's party but I promise that tomorrow, I will write two chapters or more but for now, see yah... oh don't forget to review.

$ Thomas gone $

>