

Chapter4: Truth or Dare
...
or Do

X

Thomas - Last Time on Total Drama Wild Skills, the campers went on a hunt for bigfoot's picture and it was pretty boring. Mordecai and Courage were doing fine with the challenge until Margaret joined the party. Bigfoot revealed himself and chase the three out of his cave. Charmcaster, Gwen and Anais came to the rescue and they all took his picture, all with the hiding Katz. He leads the Yellow Light Bears to victory and the Red Thunder Birds voted off Gumball to go home. Which team will win today? Which team will vote off a loser? And when is my microphone? Find out on Total Drama Wild Skills.

X

Mess hall

Margaret - I wonder what Thomas's planned for us today?

Eileen - Probably something brutal but I know we will win this one.

Fionna - Yeah and I can't believe I'm saying but We have to not vote for the boys, we need them after Gumball's departure.

PB - You got that right. I according to the overall, we have four girls on our team, three on Mordecai's team and only one on Mandy's team.

Penny - Speaking of Mandy, where is she?

Eileen - I saw her talking to Thomas early in the morning.

Gwen - Why?

Eileen - I don't know but I heard from Chef that they are planning for Mandy to win the game, if not then Mandy will blackmail him and he will go to jail.

Anais - Interesting, so that's why you keep looking at Mandy when she goes away from other people. You are spying her.

Mandy - Spying who?

Eileen - No one, Anais was just telling us the lines of a movie she saw.

Anais - Ah yeah.

Confession Cam

Mandy - Eileen is getting suspicious about my plan. She got to go but I will need something to sabotage her.

End of CC

Mordecai - I think I feel the urge of winning today.

Rigby - Yeah and its tingling.

Finn - Its that so? Well we'll see about that.

Di Long - Only winners are allowed to win.

Katz - And losers are allowed to eat dirt.

Katz and Di Long hi-fived and Thomas walked in the hall wearing Winter clothes.

Kevin - Why are you wearing Winter clothes? Its Summer.

Thomas - Chef dared me to wear this clothes for a day. Which is what we will play Truth or Dare or Do today. Follow me to your places.

X

Gwen - Why are we at the theater?

Thomas - This is where the challenge. In front of you, there are seats that have your team's flag now sit down.

The contestants sat down.

Thomas - Ok truth or dare, you know the rules. I'll pick one of you and you will truth or dare or make a person do something. Since Mandy's team won the last challenge, Ben will start for them.

Ben - Oh yeah, I dare Katz to kick Di Long on the nuts.

Katz - I'll do it for the team.

Katz kicked Di Long on the nuts and Di Long winced while hlding his nuts.

Thomas - Ooh nuts, 1 fo the Bears. Next is Kevin.

Kevin - I dare Rigby to kiss Eileen.

Rigby - What?! No!

Thomas - Did I mention that if someone doesn't a truth or dare, his or her team will have a -1 penalty. Since you have 0 points, you'll have negative points.

Gwen whispering to Rigby - Do it or you're out.

Rigby stood up on his seat, walked to Eileen and he kissed her.

Thomas - Its 1 for the Wolves and next is PB.

PB - Finn, do you know Fionna's 'Jake'?

Finn - Ahhh, I think its Sam, Wendy or Stella.

Fionna - Its Cake.

Thomas - Its 1 all. Mandy is next.

Mandy - I dare Mordecai to tell Margaret how much he hates her.

Mordecai - Never in my life.

Margaret - Do it Mordecai, its just a game.

Mordecai - Fine. I hate Margaret that would rather make out with a dog than to even touch her.

Everyone, exepts for Mordecai and Eileen, laughed at that joke which embarrased Margaret.

Thomas still laughing - For making me laugh, +2 points. Courage's up.

Courage - I dare Katz to kiss a fish for 10 seconds with lipsticks.

Finn - Nice one Courage.

Jake - Yeah man, I got to see this.

Katz - I won't do it and if I did say yes, there's fish on this island.

Thomas - I have bilbo fish on my bathroom.

Katz - Bilbo fish is an ugliest type of animal I know. I won't do it.

Mandy - We lose, you gone.

Katz - I don't care I won't do it.

Thomas - Well the Bears are back at 0 points and its 2 points for the Birds. Next is Margaret.

Margaret - I dare Mandy to eat Billy's booger.

Jake - Wow! Nasty.

Mordecai - All that green, slimy booger, that's cool of you Margaret.

Margaret blussed with that comment.

Billy - Don't worry Mandy. Its taste like some mashmellows with ketchup and salt.

Mandy - You are crazy. I'm doing that.

Thomas - Since Mandy costed her team a point, the Wolves have 4 points, the Birds have 2 points and the Bears have -0 points.

Jake - How?

Thomas - Katz and Mandy didn't do their dares. Jake is next.

Jake - Margaret must throw Eileen to the lake.

Margaret - What?! No!

Eileen - We on top of the cliff and did jump down the cliff remember. Just do it for the team.

Thomas - Finally a Do. If someone does a do, you must do it or -2 points for your team.

Margaret - Fine

Margaret grabbed Eileen threw her down the cliff to the lake.

Eileen - Ahhhhh!

X

Thomas - And Eileen is back. How was the journey back to the theater?

Eileen - Fun and I founded your face that is sculptured your face.

Eileen pulls out the sculptured Thomas wood face.

Thomas - Oh yeah, I hid it around the island. If a person is eliminated, he or she can use the sculpture to stay for another chance at the $3 million. Now there are only two more left around the island.

Margaret - So Eileen has two chances of winning the whole game.

Thomas - Yep, now continueing the challenge, Finn is next.

Finn - I dare Kevin to kiss Ben.

Ben and Kevin - What?!

Thomas - So will you do it?

Kevin - No!

Ben - Never!

Thomas - Ok! Wolves still have 4 points, Birds have 3 points and the Bears have 0 points. Rigby is up again.

Rigby - Alright! I dare Kevin to kiss Margaret.

Margaret - No way.

Kevin - Come on, just one kiss.

Confession Cam

Mordecai - I swear I will punch Rigby when we done.

End of CC

Katz - Is the bird being a chicken?

Di Long - What a chicken. Afraid of one little kiss.

Margaret got up angrily and kissed Kevin. Mordecai looked at them.

Mordecai - I need to go to the toilet.

Thomas - Fine anyway, the Wolves and the Birds won with 4 points, the Bears lost with 0 points which means Mandy's team will have to vote off one player tonight.

Sky Blues Wolves and Red Thunder Birds - Yeahhh!/Woohoo/Alright.

Finn - Looks like we won, Katz and Di Long.

Elimination Ceremony

Thomas - So did we enjoy today's challenge?

Katz - Its a catastrophic fail.

Di Long - It was stupid you fool.

Penny - It wasn't that bad.

Jake - Yeah and it was fun...sorta.

Darwin - It was cool.

Billy - I love chocolate.

Mandy - Let's hurry this up.

Thomas - Ok, get on the Confession Booth and vote for your loser.

Confession Cam

Mandy - He's got to go.

Jake - Sorry dude.

End of CC

Thomas - I got your votes here and one of you will go home. One vote for Katz.

Katz - I will find the one who voted for me.

Thomas - One for Billy. Another one for Billy, Billy, Billy, Blly, Billy. Wow guess they don't need you.

Billy - So I'm going home.

Thomas - Yep now sit on the loser-polt.

Billy sat on the loser-polt.

Thomas - Wanna say something?

Billy - I l-

Thomas switched on the loser-polt and Billy was sent flying.

Billy - Ahhhh!

Thomas - three down, nineteen to go. Who will go home next? Which team will win next? And will Kevin have another chance of kissing Margaret? Tune in next time on Total Drama Wild Skills.

$ Thomas gone $

>