

"ALEXANDER GIDEON LIGHTWOOD"

It was the third time his mother had called for him. Although he really didn't understand what was so important that couldn't wait another five minutes. He just needed some more time for dressing up; after all it would be his fist day at the literature club. He needed to look presentable. He didn't want to be mocked by the other kids.

He'd been waiting for an opportunity to get out of the Institute for quite some time now and the club sounded like a good way to get passed his very protective mother. She had the habit of assuming that everything 10-year-olds like himself could come up with to pass their time involved danger in some way or another.

He could not really blame her for that since all his younger siblings seemed to be up to no good almost constantly. Izzy had just gotten herself into a demon fight the day before because she wanted to prove she was stronger than her brother. His mother had almost had a heart attack when seeing his sister after the fight. She'd lectured all of them about the dangers of going out on a hunt on their own especially since they were still in training and technically they were not even teenagers yet. His father had just sat on his chair quietly and told Maryse that if she wanted their children to be real Shadowhunters they'd need to learn early. The rest of the day both of his parents had spent quarrelling about the appropriate age at which to start going out on hunts.

He really couldn't stand it anymore. He'd never really been into the whole Shadowhunter business in the first place. He hated fighting and violence. The only part of his training he'd ever really enjoyed was archery. He liked staying op late and training hard to finally hit the target. He was fairly good at it now but he really didn't want to be a fighter the rest of his life that he knew for sure.

"
ALEC
"

Alec sighed. His mother was driving him crazy. He ran down the institute's steps rather quickly in order to avoid his mothers growing wrath.

"Yes, calm down. I'm here."

"Took you long enough! Now I want to go over this again: I will escort you to your book club. You will go in. Stay there for the entire club session and come down immediately afterwards. Do you hear me? No lingering around!"

"Yes I got it. Mum it's just a children's book club after all. Who do you think is going to be there? A demon who slaughters people and goes to a book club reading for kids afterwards to chill out?"

"He wouldn't "chill out", he'd relax, Alexander. Use proper vocabulary! And don't make fun of this. There may be danger even when you least expect it to be so!"


After finally arriving at the book club and getting rid of his mother Alec really didn't know what to do with himself. He just sat at the corner of the room waiting for it to be slowly filled with kids of his own age. A lot of them had already started to form groups and talk to each other. He, however, had no idea of what to do now. He'd never really been out of the institute for a long time. Needless to say he usually didn't mingle with kids. He was usually surrounded by his siblings and adults from the Clave. He'd never really tried to fit in either. He'd never liked social gatherings. They always made him feel uncomfortable. Which was one of the reasons why he wanted to take part in a club. He wanted to be part of a group but most importantly he wanted to make friends. However, this was more of his sister's field of expertise. Isabelle always knew haw to make people like her. Of course only when she wanted to which at the moment was rare enough.

He could see more and more of the kids arriving by the minute and he still couldn't figure out how to talk to them. His hands were getting sweaty and he started to feel a bit weak. Suddenly he felt a cold shiver running down his spine. He turned towards the door were a pair of cat like eyes were watching him intently.

>