

In the beginning there was but only one being. This being was a Pokemon named Arceus. Arceus was all that was created. All that was there. Just it and darkness. Arceus had the ability to create anything he wanted. It began to feel lonely and bored. So the creature created three beings. And with these beings brought different domains. Arceus created the first being. This was called Palkia. It's domain was something that had developed due to its creation. Instead of darkness, space took its place. Arceus then created his brother Dialga. This creature brought with it the aspect of time. So Arceus made it the guardian of the realm of time. Lastly was the being that would watch over different dimensions. Giratina. This being was to be put into a different parallel world to the others and look over it. Arceus bestowed unto these Pokemon part of his creation abilities. But due to Giratina being placed in a different universe to them it had no use for these powers and began to grow angry and destructive. One night as the brothers of space and time were consulting Arcues of their future plans for this empty space, Giratina plotted to destroy the God. Palkia and Dialga had been sent to find the right place for the beginning of everything, Giratina used this moment to open up a portal to his realm and dragged Arceus through. Giratina shot multiple bursts of energy towards Arceus but even it knew it was no match for the creator. Arceus deflected all the burst and sent Giratina back out of his realm to where Dialga and Palkia were waiting for it. Dialga, Palkia and Giratina shot a blast at each other and sent new rocks and meteors into space. Arceus encased Giratina in his realm and told it that it must stay there until it is time. None of the three creatures knew what Arceus was talking about but they knew it would make sense eventually.

With all the new rocks floating around Palkia shaped a new world which would be called earth. This was the opportunity that Palkia needed to use its creation powers. He created the beings of sky, land and sea. Rayquazza, Groundon and Kyogre. Rayquazza created the skies and the atmosphere. This would be the space in which the future birds would fly. This was high above what Groundon had created. It created the land. The mountains, hills and grass. Beneath the land was the seas and oceans. The domain of Kyogre. Each of them had a job. Kyogre`s was to keep the seas calm. To make sure water levels didn't rise and destroy the land and to make sure that it didn't all evaporate and cover the land of the skies. Groundon`s was to make sure the land barely moved, that it stayed sturdy. Without land the seas would take over and no life would be able to grow. Rayquazza made the air breathable in. Made sure no disasters were create such as tornados and hurricanes. This would destroy the land and disrupt the sea. So the trio travelled to Arceus. They asked for power. Power for creation. The God granted their wish and in return they created 17 elements in which Arceus would manipulate later on. The elements of; grass, fire, water, bug, flying, poison, normal, electric, ground, rock, psychic, fighting, ice, ghost, dark, steel and dragon. The trio returned to their realms and created what they needed to. Kyogre needed to make sure the temperatures were balanced so created the Prince and princess of the sea. Manaphy and Phione. Manaphy would make sure the seas were just cold enough to not freeze over and Phione made sure the seas were hot enough to not evaporate. But the pair became neglected and longed for Kyogre`s approval. The two of them got into a full blown battle. The outcome of this caused the seas to freeze and evaporate and Kyogre became worried that his realm would be no more. So he got involved. He froze Phione and placed Manaphy in a heated egg. Until Arceus agreed it would be safe for them to come out. Groundon created a being that was different to the uses of Manaphy and Phione. He created the being of the volcano. Heatran. This being was to make sure that Groudon`s powers would never reach a destructive level. Rayquazza on the other hand needed creatures in which would look after all realms from the skies. With the help of Groudon and Kyogre they created the beings named Lugia and Ho-oh.

As the years went on the Lord's of the sea and land wanted more from their realm. They wanted the entire planet to be taken over by their respective element. This disagreement caused tsunamis and earthquakes and volcanic eruptions. Rayquazza thought that the battle had gotten out of hand and sent for help. At this moment Heatran had already fled to stop Groudon and now had to fight off both of the giants. Lugia and Ho-oh had reached Rayquazza and he told them that whom ever creates the greatest team and defeats both these Pokemon will win his never ending trust. The birds agreed and this is where the first war of nature began. Lugia created three birds. Of ice, fire and lightning. It named them Articuno, Moltres and Zapdos. Ho-oh created three beasts of water, fire and electric. Suicune, Entei and Raikou. These two trios travelled to the battle site. The trio's realised they were competing with each other and realised they had to defeat the other trio to defeat the giants. So a battle commenced between Kyogre, Groudon, the bird trio and Lugia, the beast trio and Ho-oh and then Heatran. Rayquazza got fed up with all the fighting and cut off all oxygen. The Pokemon were forced to stop fighting and Rayquazza made an agreement that if it ever happened again he would use the same punishment. The three birds then spread out throughout the land and resided in different territories. The beasts decided to travel the land looking everywhere for something to do. Lugia found a cave out at sea to which it called home, whereas Ho-oh created a tower in the centre of no where. Groudon and Kyogre were banished to two different temples so that they would never create this battle again and Heatran and Rayquazza went back to their respective sleeping places.

Now Dialga thought differently to this. He wanted a companion in which he would travel through time with. So therefore created the time traveller Celebi. This little creature would accompany Dialga where ever he so pleases. But due to them both travelling no one was around to look after the realm of time. So Dialga created the eon guardians, Latios and Latias. These two would look over the realm of time as Dialga and Celebi travelled every aspect of it.
Now after the attempt at being destroyed by Giratina, Arceus needed a messenger. Someone who would send for help if things went bad. He entrusted Palkia with creating this being. But Palkia didn't want to disappoint his God. So he travelled to the distorted world in which Giratina reigned. He asked for a being that would look after Arceus. Giratina agreed but only if Palkia brought two beings to be brought back to the realm where everyone else is. So for Palkia, Giratina created a being named Deoxys. This was a being whose soul purpose was to cater to Arceus` every word. In return Palkia created two beings which Giratina had specified. One of which was someone named Rotom. This Pokemon would be able to take control of electrical equipment. The other, Spiritomb, was a being that resided in a rock but took control of other beings. Both of these Pokemon were seen in Palkia`s as evil and he knew that they would bring no good. So in good judgement he sent them to different places throughout the world of Earth. Little did all the beings know, Giratina had a plan for them both.
As the years went on Arceus realised how baron and empty the new planet was. So he created a Pokemon that would consist the DNA of all non - legendary Pokemon. Mew. As a result of this disperce of DNA a new species was created. They were called humans. They would be partnered with Pokemon and eventually would evolve not only themselves and Pokemon, but the planet itself. Arceus, being the wise God he is also knew they needed something to keep all these beings in order. So he created three beings. The protectors. Cobalion, Virizion and Terrakion. Arcues knew they needed training so he created a fourth protector. A young, unexperienced being called Keldeo.
The humans in turn created Pokemon themselves. The oldest ancestors of humans created a being called Regigigas. This Pokemon split the one continent into five different ones. This power made Regigigas go into deep slumber and in his place created three beings that would look over three different time zones. The stone age, the iron age and the ice age. Registeel, Regirock and Regice. In future times humans created a weapon. In which they called Genosect. They soon realised that this was too powerful and would soon destroy even its creators. They also got their hands on DNA from the original Pokemon. They created the clone Mewtwo. This abandoned all human life and hid.
In the beggining of the age of man, Arceus thought they were just empty shells and lacked personality. He created certain teachers that would give all life personality. Arceus firstly created the lake trio. The first was Azelf of will power. Next Uxie of knowledge and last Mespiritt of emotion. The next teacher was of wishes. Jirachi would teach other beings to want and need things. Then there was Shaymin of gratitude to teach to appreciate. Then the duo of dreams and nightmares. It would give people hope but the realisation that not everything is good. The pair closed themselves off in the dream realm after a vicious battle. Then came the being of victory. Victini, for those who achieve their goals. Lastly came Meloeta. This brought celebration to the hearts of the other beings.
These teachers split the humans into three groups. Truth, ideals and the empty shells. So Arceus created three dragons who would look after each group. Zekron, Reshiram and Kyruem. Due to all the creations three new ones took place. The ones of disaster. Landorus, Tornadus and Thunderus. Arceus grew tiresome of the battling but knew it would happen again. So he created 15 humans. Who in future would set the world straight. He then called a meeting for all Gods to hide themselves in earth until certain events occured. That is where our story begins.

>