

Huzzah! I have finally gotten my new computer installed with Word! No more empty promises of updates! I hope you guys aren't mad at me. Much thanks to my new Alpha Beta Starla S Shadows! Also, now looking for more betas as all of my old ones have gotten out of contact! Message me if you are interested!

Disclaimer: If its not theirs its mine.

Chapter 3 The Hero


Harry sat next to the fire in contemplative silence, feeling exhausted as if his passionate speech had required physical energy. He looked down at his lap and stared at the nine golden rings that lay in his fist. They were surprisingly simple in their design, golden bands with black stones set in the center. And yet each one pulsed with magic, almost like a heartbeat. A desire to understand the strange magic gripped him and he nearly placed them on his hands. But the memory of the pain he'd went through early made him recoil and nearly throw the rings into the grass. But he couldn't do that. He needed to know why all this was happening and the memories he needed seemed just out of reach. He knew that, somehow, the rings were the key to his understanding. It was getting harder and harder to ignore the nine rings he held, but the fear of pain made him hesitate.

And then the darker part of him, the part that was Sauron, had a thought. What if he did put them on and it left him weakened? The best action would be to send away the Nine before anything else. They couldn't be trusted anymore, now that his hold on their direct actions was not as strong. They might realize they had him in a vulnerable position and dispatch him before he could stop them.

Harry shook his head sharply to try and rid himself of the nagging suspicions. It didn't matter. He had chosen to lessen his control. He didn't
want
puppets. All puppets were good for was mindless pandering. Voldemort was an excellent example of that, with his army of almost completely useless Death Eaters that bowed and scrapped and kissed his robes. But in end Voldemort had lost, and none of his slaves had stopped it. Sauron too, had met as close to an end as he could. His army had been helpless without his will to direct their every action.

For Harry, the desire to prove those ridiculous thoughts wrong is what truly made him make his decision. If treated them with kindness and respect, he could succeed in nearly anything. Ron and Hermione had been his best friends. They had followed him to hell and back and would have done it all over again if he'd needed them to. He allowed himself a brief, fond, smile. It all started with trust. He stood up abruptly, immediately grabbing the attention of the others.


"My friends, I am about to undergo something that will leave me weak and tired for a time."
He announced.
"But I trust you will all watch over me while I recover."



"Of course, Master!"
Murazor exclaimed, as if horrified he'd suggested even a hint of doubt in them. The others were quick to agree with him.

"
Calm yourself, Murazor. I know you will."
He soothed.
"When I recover we will need to locate the nearest village. Until then, you will wait here. I doubt it will take long."
He had no idea how long it had taken last time, but if he was lucky it would only be moments. As he placed the rings on his fingers, Harrys last coherent thought was that he'd always had terrible luck. And then the pain began and all he could do was scream.


Not far away, in Bee, the villagers coward in their homes. They could hear the screaming on the wind. A few brave souls wandered the streets making sure everyone was safe in their homes. And when everyone had seemingly been accounted for still one panicked woman was stumbling through the streets. She burst into the Prancing Pony, eyes filled with tears.

"Please!" She gasped. "Has anyone seen my son?" She scanned the faces around her desperately. "Please…I can't find him anywhere!" The thought that such tortured wailing could be coming from her child knocked the air from her lungs. "He's just a boy." As people turned their faces away from her she felt each denial like a sword in her chest. Her knees buckled as her body threatened to give out from all the stress. But one kind man caught her arm to steady her.

"Easy now ma'am." The ranger know as Strider smiled kindly down at her. "Everything will be fine."

"My son!" She wailed.

"I will go and investigate." Her sorrow had stirred him to action. No mother should live in such uncertainty and pain. "If your boy is out there I will bring him home, I swear it." The ranger turned to the four hobbits peering down at him from the stairs. "Mr. Underhill, if I am not back by the time the sun rises you must take my horse. He knows the way you need to go from here."

Frodo Baggins stared at him with wide eyes, one hand gripping the chain beneath his shirt.

"But sir…you're not REALLY going to go out there, are you?"

That earned him an indulgent smile.

"No one else will, I'm afraid." Strider raised an eyebrow. "Unless you are volunteering, Mr. Underhill?"

Frodo flinched, feeling ashamed of his cowardice even as he shook his head frantically.

The woman grabbed the man's sleeve tightly.

"The Valar bless you." She cried. Her hand was gently removed.

"Think nothing of it." He left without another word, head held high. But the truth was he was doing well not to shake with each step. He knew what horror likely awaited him. The calls of the Nazgul had ceased not long before the screaming had begun. The chances seemed likely that they had found easier prey to hunt. But what worried him the most was wondering what could have pulled them from the trail of the One-Ring.


I know its short, but my next update will coming much more quickly then this one! I promise! Please leave a review if you liked it. The more reviews the faster I write!

>