

Disclaimer: Sorachi etc etc


How Fools Fall In Love

Chapter 14: Emergencies Only


Three days passed in a sound routine of work at the site and listless rest at home. Dump trucks moved in and out of the neighborhood, carrying salvaged goods and trash from the houses being pulled down. The dorm had been stripped to its bare bones and, in a few more days, those too would be ground to dust. Gintoki found his 'waste management job' almost therapeutic. Otose had been right. There was nothing quite like work to get one's head out of the gutter. Nevertheless, the stench clung to him and he was soon thrown back in it.

The work day had finished under a sky heavy with clouds. The murky weather had kept on and was believed to last until the end of week. Gintoki didn't mind. He worked better without a scorching sun over his head trying to fry his brain.

As he revved his scooter and drove home, a little drizzle began to pour over the town, light and almost invisible. The kind he'd have to tell Kagura not play under just because she liked the feel of it on her skin. Her enthusiasm didn't encompass the concept of a cold. Gintoki was the one who had to deal with those.

Light shone out of a couple of windows in the neighborhood. Sadaharu lifted his head from where it rested above his paws to send Gintoki an inscrutable look. Gintoki locked his scooter with a shrug. He went up the stairs to his apartment wondering whether that look might have meant a challenge or a warning. He didn't want to overthink it, especially since he was in a serious need of a nap. But once he passed Otose's door unnoticed, it was clear there could be little in Sadaharu's look other than the dog's usual defiance.

Gintoki's front door was unlocked, signaling the kids were home. He walked in and leaned against the wall as he took off his shoes. He had a narrow line of sight into the living room and his eye caught a glimpse of Kagura's favorite show airing on the TV. That certainly explained Sadaharu's mood.

"Ah! It's Gin-chan!"

Gintoki walked in and froze. Kagura's voice seemed to have come from another realm. Beside her on the couch sat Hijikata, the real one with the suit and the tie and the dark expensive jacket. Hair mussed just right. Every detail required to give Gintoki a heart attack.

"Welcome back." Kagura said.

"I'm home." Gintoki replied in a whisper. Perplexity impeded his speech. He felt like an intruder in his own house. He stood without moving, doubting his sanity. Was he the only one seeing Hijikata there sitting on the couch? Was he really hallucinating this time? Gintoki glanced back at his front door to check the number and turned again towards the room. His gaze shifted from Kagura to Hijikata as if the two couldn't inhabit the same plane of existence. Seconds of scrutiny went by like hours until Kagura's plate of food detained Gintoki's attention a second too long. A dozen apple slices arranged in a perfect circle.

"Did you peal those?" the question left his mouth in a high pitched tone. Kagura snickered at it but Gintoki was too flabbergasted to even remember the definition of embarrassing.

He got his answer before he could catch Hijikata's eye. Shinpachi's head popped out of the kitchen with a frown.

"No,
I
did! I pealed and cut them, Gin-san! What have you been doing? Did you work late? I called you four times!"

Gintoki groped his back pocket in search of his phone but a big arm found its way around his shoulders and Kondo's cheerful voice resonated by his side.

"Oi, Yorozuya! How are ya'?" he shook him slightly and pointed a thumb outside "Came to get some things for Mitsuba. Sougo's in there packing a bag. We've just arrived from the hospital. Kagura was hungry and wanted to watch her show so Shinpachi let us in. He wanted to go see Mitsuba too, so I thought of rounding everybody up. You were working and Tae-chan was too busy to come so-"

"She didn't want to go with you again." Shinpachi bristled.

"Well, she thought it was best to stay at the dojo so I took Shinpachi and Kagura and then I called Toshi- oh!" he stopped there abruptly, giving way to a different thought which he then whispered by Gintoki's ear "Oh yeah, don't worry about that favor I asked you the other day. I should've known better with that rain. Don't worry about it, it's all sorted. I told him. Hope you didn't catch a cold or anything!"

"What favor?" it took every ounce of Gintoki's deadpan humor and self-preservation to answer Kondo in Hijikata's presence. Without knowing how the two had solved their miscommunication problem Gintoki was at a loss. Kondo laughed.

"Oh! Didn't I tell you he was a good guy, Toshi? C'mon Gintoki, I can take a joke!"

Gintoki's brain was nearing a volcanic eruption and watching Hijikata slip from view as Kondo chattered away filled him with panic. He wasn't completely sure everybody shared his vision of Hijikata in his house. The fact had trouble sinking in and until Gintoki heard his voice he wouldn't be able to believe it. Not after what had happened between them.

"Gin-chan, here, eat."

He sat down beside Kagura and she fed him two apple slices which he chewed in a haze. His senses numbed at the warmth of the seat. He barely listened as Kondo recounted their visit to the hospital and shared hopeful news of Mitsuba's condition. Fortunately Shinpachi left the kitchen after brewing them a pot of tea and he joined the conversation making up for Gintoki's unusual silence. Sougo's appearance, however, gave him the perfect opportunity to retreat.

"Take my seat, I gotta go take a leak."

"No, Gin-chan! Don't betray me!" Kagura cried out.

Gintoki left Kondo and Shinpachi to deal with the warring duo and stalked out, heartbeat rising with every step. Hijikata's back greeted him outside, his figure leaning against the railing in a cruel, familiar fashion. Gintoki had lost count to the times Hijikata had made him jump in time.

His heart tightened with anticipation. He couldn't help but find their roles reversed since they had last seen each other.

"I can't believe you actually came here." Gintoki said. He approached the railing and looked down at the small backyard Sadaharu prowled on sunnier days.

He was glad Hijikata hadn't recoiled from him, but one look at his face told Gintoki things were far from good. Even though the memory of their kiss wouldn't stop flashing inside his head, Gintoki flung it aside and began his probing, tip-toeing around the sensitive matter.

"How was she?"

Hijikata's answer took its time. His pale, hard expression kept too much locked inside. Gintoki wondered if the subject wasn't part of a conversation Hijikata would rather have with Kondo. Yet he pressed on before deciding to reproach himself.

"Did you see her?"

"Yeah."

"Is she awake yet?"

"Sometimes. Never for long," he talked in short phrases "Sougo talked to her a little. They're keeping her sedated."

Gintoki nodded.

"Were the kids too loud?"

Hijikata frowned, confused.

"I meant Kagura and-"

"No, they were fine."

Gintoki breathed in. He put his hand out to feel the soft drizzle. Its spray tickled his skin. The smoke from Hijikata's cigarette mingled with the curtain of gentle rain. A million words yearned to break out. Gintoki went for it.

"The other night-"

"I told Kondo I didn't see you."

Hijikata's quick response was a punch in the gut. So much for tip-toeing around things. Gintoki pulled back his hand from under the rain and clutched the railing, keen to hide his fluster.

"That takes care of things, I guess." he muttered.

"It was all a big misunderstanding." Hijikata established, shoulders hunched. Gintoki sneered.

"Which part?"

His question brought Hijikata's eyes to him. They were red, from exhaustion or crying Gintoki didn't know. He wouldn't picture any of it either. Small flames stirred up in his stomach and Gintoki began losing patience with his own mild, polite approach that got him nothing. Sensibility be damned.

"What kind of question is that?" Hijikata asked, eyes narrowing.

"I'm just trying to understand why you're here?"

"Stop answering my questions with more questions."

"No," Gintoki stood his ground, struggling to keep his voice low and level "I've had enough of misunderstandings. That night I went to your place to tell you about Mitsuba, just like Kondo asked me to. We know how well that turned out," he said, averting his eyes "So, let's not repeat the same mistake. Today you went to the hospital with the rest of them to see Mitsuba. You could have left right after but instead you're here. Makes me wonder who is really playing games."

When he looked to the side, Hijikata was facing forward again, cigarette burning at his mouth. Gintoki half-expected a furious outburst and was ready to retort in equal measure but Hijikata simply shrugged his shoulders and spoke in a grim voice. Head cast down.

"After Kondo told me what happened I felt like shit. I had to come."

Gintoki paused surprised. His heartbeat rose. He drew up his shoulder to hide a smile.

"Old enough to admit when you're wrong then?"

"Do you have a problem with that?" Hijikata shot back defensive.

"Not at all."


I just wished
...
what?
Gintoki lost himself in his thoughts. He heard giggles in the background and barely heard Hijikata's next sentence.

"I'm also here to thank you for what you did for her."

"Will people stop saying that?" Gintoki moaned. Hijikata probably wasn't the best person to complain to, but since they were in the mood for honesty the words just tumbled out, diminishing the weight on his mind.

"I only did what anyone else would have done." Gintoki put plainly.

"But it was you who did it," Hijikata's eyes met his, intense and impossibly clear in that dismal afternoon, "She would have done the same for you."

Hijikata said it with enough restrain to mask his silly, absolutely devoted conviction in Mitsuba. Any part of Gintoki that still resented him for the mess of the other night melted completely. He sighed.

"She would, wouldn't she?"

Hijikata hummed.

"What did she want with you?"

The giggling voice returned again and Gintoki looked down and saw a little kid running around in the backyard, mouth open at the sky. Sadaharu followed him concerned, leaving paw tracks on muddy patches.

Shouting ensued downstairs. Gintoki didn't recognize Otose's voice, but if the ruckus continued soon it would be her turn. Hijikata looked over his shoulder and Gintoki turned around at the sound of angry feet climbing the stairs. Tsukuyo came into view, blond hair tied up and lips pursed. She held a closed umbrella in one hand and rushed towards the railing.

"Seita, you better get out of that rain right now!" she yelled at the boy running about, "Come inside say hello. Don't make me come down there to get you! I won't tell you again."

Seita shouted a very convincing lie in return. Sadaharu barked.

"Interesting display of motherly affection." Gintoki commented.

Tsukuyo rolled her eyes and shrugged, fixing her hair.

"I'm not the one whose kids have to look after me." she shot back.

"Debatable-"

"No, it's not debatable!" Tsukuyo rebuked, crossing her arms, "Why do you think I've come? You didn't even call. Nothing new of course. But I haven't seen you since I brought your drunk ass home the other night and Otose-san was very-"

"Oi, oi, oi," Gintoki panicked and his hand found Hijikata's shoulder, bringing him forward, hoping to find a way to stop Tsukuyo from unraveling the whole story to the last person on Earth Gintoki thought should hear it "Let me introduce you to my friend here!"

Tsukuyo blushed slightly at Hijikata's appearance, too conscious of her previous boisterous manner not to feel embarrassed before a stranger.

"Hello, please excuse my behavior before. I didn't see you."

Hijikata returned her short bow.

"It's no problem."

An awkward silence followed during which Gintoki realized how weird it was that Hijikata and Tsukuyo should meet each other by his front door. The before and after of the events of his disastrous night out. Funny but despicable. The unsettling notion must have reached Hijikata too because Gintoki soon sensed his distress. Hijikata's brows furrowed imperceptibly and his back straightened.

Tsukuyo talked first.

"Did I interrupt something? I can come back later."

Gintoki and Hijikata rushed to answer but Hijikata's voice prevailed.

"No, I was just going. I've finished my smoke." he said.

He excused himself and went back inside to join the others. Gintoki watched him go, unease prickling at the back of his neck.

"Friend?" Tsukuyo wondered. Her eyes followed Gintoki's as Hijikata got out of hearing reach. "Your friends don't dress like that. What are you up to this time?"

"Nothing. I got home and the guests were already here. Not my fault." he said.

"Your excuses are dirt cheap as always."

"What do you want?" Gintoki asked, eager to join the party inside.

"I came to see if you're alright," Tsukuyo's expression softened, "You weren't a fun drunk, you know? Kinda depressing actually. You should hear the things you were screaming at people. A woman threatened to call the police."

Gintoki had to suppress a laugh. The irony irresistible.

"This is no laughing matter. I cleaned you up and put you to bed. Otose-san saw it all, she was very upset."

"I know, I got an earful." Gintoki grumbled.

"As you should, you stupid man," Tsukuyo uncrossed her arms and leaned over the railing to check on Seita. He was petting Sadaharu's belly under the steel roof tile that covered Otose's old washing tank.

"I should get going." she said.

"Already?"

"I just picked Seita from his friend's house. Hinowa is waiting for us."

"You can stay if you want." Gintoki said, though he doubted he could fit more people inside his tiny apartment. Tsukuyo appreciated the offer but declined.

"No, I don't want to intrude on your guests. I'm glad you are in one piece."

Gintoki hummed a noncommittal reply and got the pointy end of Tsukuyo's umbrella thrust in his face, an inch from his nose.

"Now, don't you think of going out for a drink in the next three hundred years. I don't ever want to carry your ass home again and I definitely don't want to drive that waste-barrel of a scooter ever again."

"Noted." Gintoki uttered, placing one foot behind him.

"Good," Tsukuyo nodded with a contented sigh and lowered her impromptu weapon."There was something you said that night, you repeated it a few times. I thought it was weird. I even- well, it made me wonder..." she paused unsure "Are you seeing someone?"

Gintoki lost his grip on the railing. He could swear the rain had made his hands sweaty.

"No. Why, what was it?"

"Probably nothing. Doesn't make much sense now that I think about it." Tsukuyo said shaking her head.

Gintoki saw the chance to cancel her whole train of thought and took it.

"Good. I'm better off not knowing any way."

"
Would be hers...
" Tsukuyo mumbled "I wonder what you were thinking about."

"No idea. They've been airing those tear jerk dramas again." Gintoki said dismissively.

"I see."

"Thanks for helping me out."

"You do little to deserve it."

"I know."

Tsukuyo adjusted the strap on her shoulder and Gintoki noticed she was carrying Seita's school bag.

"I'll bring something for Kagura-chan next time."

She bade him goodbye and went down the stairs to fetch Seita. Gintoki waved back at them, half slouched on the railing with a mind to let himself go over. A passing fancy. The fall would only break one or two of his bones, an outcome which clearly wasn't enough to end his embarrassment.

He heard footsteps behind him and Hijikata's name was already on his lips when Kondo appeared at the door, Hijikata at his heels and Shinpachi in the back stuck between Sougo and Kagura who argued endlessly.

"It's getting late Gintoki, we're leaving. Thanks for having us."

"You basically let yourselves in. It's not like I had any choice." Gintoki pointed out.

"Stop being rude, Gin-san. I let them in!" Shinpachi interjected "Besides, Kondo-san gave us those apples. Fruit is expensive, you know?"

"Oh, did he?"

"One of my students got them actually," Kondo said "They were for Mitsuba but the nurse said we couldn't bring her any food yet. Well, I'll call you if there's any news." He patted Gintoki on the shoulder and called Sougo to follow him. Kagura stuck out her tongue at them.

"See ya tomorrow, Shinpachi! Kagura-chan!"

They disappeared behind the corner to the stairs and Gintoki watched as Hijikata trailed after them without a word of goodbye. Their short conversation came back to him as if they had never been interrupted and a knot twisted in his gut. He clenched a fist in frustration, bound to silence in Shinpachi and Kagura's presence. What could he say to Hijikata right then that he wouldn't have to explain to the kids later? Nothing but worthless formalities. Besides, he already struggled with the disappointment of everything left unsaid. He followed Shinpachi and Kagura inside, making a mental list of all the things he hadn't told Hijikata. He hadn't even mentioned the dorm or how he'd been helping tear it down.

Kagura returned to her spot on the couch and Shinpachi proceeded to clear the snacks from the table. Gintoki helped him for the sake of motion and when they were done he sat down again by Kagura with a groan.

"Gin-chan, you smell like wet dog. We can't have you competing with Sadaharu." she said.

"She's right, Gin-san. You should go take a shower."

Gintoki didn't try to sniff his shirt, he knew they were right.

"I will in a minute," Gintoki grumbled "Just let me take a quick nap."

"No! You stink! Go away."

"Please go, Gin-san. I can't concentrate with the smell." Shinpachi begged. He had brought his homework with him and set it on the table.

"You're the only ones complaining!"

Gintoki submitted to their request and had a quick shower before settling down for good. When he returned Shinpachi was helping Kagura with her homework.

"So, what is it today? Math?" Gintoki teased in his flat tone. He reached for the TV remote in a catlike stretch and held it in his hands like a trophy, feeling all powerful. Kagura glared at him.

"Shut up, Gin-chan! You don't even know the difference between adding and multiplying." she spat, tightening the grip on her pencil.

"C'mon, Kagura-chan. Don't listen to him. Focus."

While Kagura finished her math exercise, Shinpachi got up and brought Gintoki a paper bag. He placed it on his lap and sat back down again.

"Hijikata-san said to give it to you."

Gintoki fought back a couching fit and straightened up in his seat.

"H-he did?"

He looked inside the bag but before his brain could process the contents Kagura spoiled him in a vengeful streak.

"It's your clothes, Gin-chan. I checked."

Gintoki opened his mouth to retaliate, to save his reputation, whatever was left of it, but Shinpachi's curiosity worked faster.

"Why did he have your clothes?"

"Yeah, Gin-chan," Kagura put down her pencil and crossed her arms over her homework with a devilish smile on her face "Why did Toshi have your undies?"

"Oioioi, Kagura, why don't you stick your nose back in your math problems? Those kinds of questions are for adults only," Gintoki said smugly, trying to pass it for a joke "Besides, this is not what you're thinking at all! I just forgot my dirty clothes at the bath house the other day and Madao must have left them at the dojo. Then Tae gave them to Yamazaki to give to Kondo to give to Toshi to give to me. Simple as that."

"Are you serious? That doesn't sound simple at all!" Shinpachi cried out.

"That sounds like bullcrap." Kagura agreed.

"Are you saying it took five people to get your clothes back to you?"

"I'm glad you're so good at math, Shinpachi-kun. You stay on that and let
me
worry about the complexities of reality. Now shush, I'm gonna watch my drama."

"I always said Gin-chan's eyes weren't the only thing fishy about him." Kagura confessed tragically.

Her whining faded to a murmur along with Shinpachi's innocent observations. Gintoki tried to shut them out and concentrate on his drama, but he gave in to exhaustion and succumbed to sleep; a restless slumber, plagued with dreams. Lying beside him and wrapped in bloodstained sheets, Tsukuyo repeated his drunken words back to him while he grasped desperately for clothes. A gust of cold wind swept by and Hijikata burst in, snatching away the paper bag with his clothes and leaving him naked. Gintoki ran after him, shouting curses at his back, but he never caught him. Instead he found himself in a hospital room, two feet away from a bed. In it lay a comatose body. A mask pumping oxygen partly hid the person's face, yet recognition dawned on him easily. Shouyou's eyes opened and his lips moved in sync to Otose's voice,
You're going to get yourself hurt
.

Gintoki woke with a gasp.

The room was darker. Shinpachi had dimmed the lights before leaving, turning most of them off except a small lamp in the corner. It was the only thing illuminating the room other than the TV. Gintoki rubbed his eyes and shifted, noticing Kagura snoring at his side. They were both sprawled on the sofa, sharing a meager blanket.

"Hey, Kagura," he called her softly, nudging her with his elbow "Kagura."

Kagura grumbled.

"Did you finish your homework?"

"Hm."

Gintoki's eyes veered towards the table where she'd sat with Shinpachi. Her pencil case lay on top of her notebook. A pair of shiny plastic cherries dangled from the zipper pull. They reminded him of the apple slices they'd eaten earlier that evening.

"What did you think of Hijikata?" the question popped out without a thought.

Kagura burrowed her head against his arm to wake herself up.

"Toshi?" she wondered. Kondo's nickname had stuck with her, supplanting all others. "He has V-shaped bangs and he stinks of tobacco."

"I know, but those are facts," Gintoki said "What did you think of him?"

Kagura went silent for a moment, mulling over the question rather than her simple answer.

"I think he is sad and lonely,"

Gintoki nodded.

"Yeah? I think so too."


Hijikata flicked the lights on and took off his shoes, grunting with pent-up frustration. If he had ever thought he was losing control of his life before, there was no sentence to describe the way he perceived his life now. His roll of poor, brash choices snared him like a trap and receiving Mitsuba's dreadful news three days before had done nothing if not send him further down his personal chaotic spiral.

He took off his jacket and went straight for the fridge to quench his fury with a beer. He resented getting home late after being cajoled into joining Kondo and Sougo for dinner. He'd never been very good at denying Kondo's invitations but now it was like he was starved of them and there was no offer he could say no to. Enraging as that thought was, Hijikata wondered if it explained his gall to show up at Gintoki's house along with the rest of the group. He hadn't been sure of his reasons at the time, he'd prayed for Gintoki not to show up at all, but then everything had happened too fast and now Hijikata was back home, revising everything he had said, regretting his half-assed apology and wishing he could stop thinking about it. He could still see Gintoki poised with his hand in the rain, voice soft and eyes full of pity.

Hijikata looked across the kitchen table to the small pile of reports he'd brought home to review. He picked them up and skimmed a few pages before dropping them again. For the past few days only duty had got him through paperwork. He had taken Mitsuba's news hard, unable to recognize the fact he was powerless to help her. Nothing had been able to hold his attention for long. The work he so desperately held onto to keep sane had become a bore. It seemed no boxes remained unchecked in his path to self-hatred. And yet, after seeing her and hearing promising news, nothing had changed.

He was stuck rereading the same line, its meaning evading him at best, when his cellphone rang. His watch marked half past ten but time had no bearing on his current frame of mind. It might have been two in the morning for all he cared. He took the call without a second glance. It wouldn't be the first nor the last time a subordinate called him from the station with some outlandish story.

"Yes, what is it?"

"Hello? Is this the police? I want to report a crime. I've been a victim of secondhand smoking. Strangers broke into my house today and threatened my health. This neighborhood is getting seriously rotten, oi. What do we taxpayers pay you for? I want to file a complaint."

Hijikata almost dropped his cellphone. Words caught in his throat and his heart started pumping madly.

"Oi, are you listening to me? I'm paying for this call! I'm gonna file a double complaint. Send me a double complain form. My address is-"

"There are no double complain forms, you idiot!" Hijikata cried out. He massaged his neck, half-recovered from shock and felt his heartbeat regaining a steady rhythm. "Did you even read what I wrote?"

"What was that, Mr. Officer? Do you mean this little card mixed in with my clothes that says
Emergencies Only
and has a number on it? I thought I
was
reporting an emergency."

"I knew I was gonna regret that." Hijikata mumbled to himself.

"What did you say?"

"Nothing," he groaned, "Why are you calling me? I don't have time for this, I'm-"

"Working." Gintoki finished his line "You're predictable like that, aren't you, Hijikata-kun?"

"Shut up."

Hijikata bit his lip and went in search of his cigarette pack with his free hand.

"It's not easy to light a cigarette when you're on the phone, is it?"

"You're really starting to piss me off now!" Hijikata warned.

"Think you can scare me over the phone, douchebag?"

"Don't fucking make me."

"Oooh, is this Takashi-san? Is it? Am I going to receive a strange voice message from my future self screaming in terror? Ah, Takashi-san have pity on me..."

Hijikata's frustrated attempts at finding his cigarette pack led him to the front door where his jacket hung in the coat rack. He rummaged the pockets of his jacket while Gintoki rambled on the other end of the line.

"... and yeah, I know you can barely cook yourself dinner, much less peal apples and cut them cutely like that, so I really thought I was in some alternate reality for a second. I mean, the last time something like that happened to me was when I worked at the video rental store and this girl that looked exactly like Ketsuno Ana walked in. She rented a bunch of S&amp;M; porn DVDs and took the only available copy of
My Neighbor Pedoro
without batting an eyelid. It really made me think, I mean, does she watch Pedoro before or after she gets off with-"

"I don't care!" Hijikata exclaimed.

"Oi, Hijikata-kun you really know how to hurt a fella. Here I am calling you to thank you for washing my clothes and returning them to me and you don't even wanna hear it."

Hijikata stopped his rummaging. His fingers clutched the cigarette pack inside the inner pocket of his jacket.

"You don't have to thank me. It's not like I was gonna keep them."

He held his breath until Gintoki replied. In the darkness of the hall, the voice and its body seemed to materialize right next to him.

"Why not? I've kept your things before."

Gintoki's voice had lost its playful pitch. Hijikata shut his eyes to stop memories from swarming, but he saw more than he wished to.

"Can I keep these too?"

A shiver ran up Hijikata's spine. The image of the clothes he had left for Gintoki on his bathroom stool appeared in his mind. He hated how well he could recall them in the dark.

"Why are you doing this to me?"

Gintoki didn't care to answer him. He changed topic without explanation, brushing his question aside.

"I went to the dorm today," he said "Well, what's left of it anyway. I've been helping those guys out. I needed work and they needed a hand."

Hijikata furrowed his brow, battling disbelief.

"You what?"

"Most of it has come down, you see," Gintoki continued in the same flat tone "They are gonna bulldoze the rest of it tomorrow. I noticed you went there. How was it?"

"Stop."

"How did it feel coming back?"

Hijikata gripped his cigarette pack harder. His back was against the wall and he slipped down to the floor silently. He didn't know what thought to convey first. His emotions bubbled to the surface and threatened to ruin everything again. Being on the phone, however, granted him enough distance to hold his temper.

"You want to know?"

"Yeah, tell me."

"I didn't feel anything," Hijikata said. Although he had tried to bury the rampage of feelings he'd succumbed to after their kiss, he summoned them back again to fuel his cold detached reply "It was just an abandoned building. Gave me the creeps actually."

"But you went there." Gintoki's voice gave nothing away, not that Hijikata thought it would.

"I was curious."

"About what?"

"I don't know, it was just nostalgia I guess. What's with all these damn questions?"

"Were you waiting for me?"

Hijikata let out a chuckle to mask an incoming whimper.

"Don't make me laugh!"

"Hijikata."

Hijikata stilled. He wouldn't take much more without lashing out, but Gintoki shifted gears on him again. Prompt and swift, obnoxiously considering.

"Kagura told me you stink. You should quit smoking."

"Mind your own business!"

"Sure. Just don't come to my house unannounced again."

Gintoki hung up and Hijikata tossed his phone aside. He took a deep breath and stayed put against the wall, chest swollen with feeling. The cigarettes inside his pack were crushed to pieces. When he finally rose, he walked back to the kitchen table and cast a glance at the reports he had planned to review before going to bed.

"Fuck this."

He decided to call it an early night.

The next morning Tetsunosuke stood by his desk with a new pile of copies and a cold sweat. Since Sasaki had started calling the station every day with more and more requests, running the station's archive at his discretion under the Commissioner's wing, Hijikata had had no other choice but to follow the Bureau's investigation closely. As close as humanly possible, which entailed having Tetsunosuke double-copying every sheet of paper that got sent out to Sasaki's office.

"Here are the copies of the last documents Sasaki-san requested. Where should I put them, sir?"

Hijikata cleared a patch of his cluttered desk and gestured towards it.

"Leave them here."

"Will you need anything else, sir?"

"No. Did you send the flowers?"

"Yes, sir. We send them every day. They even gave us a discount this time."

"Whatever. Just make sure they get there."

"Yes, sir. I'll go check with the hospital right now."

Hijikata nodded and as soon as Tetsunosuke turned his back he dove into work. He went over the case reports he'd ditched the previous night, signing here and there, checking no paragraph was too vague or unnecessarily subjective; then he reviewed patrol routes and the new budget proposals sent by HR personnel at headquarters to be discussed during their next meeting.

Lunch hour had gone by when Hijikata finished his routine work, but he gave hunger no notice. He always worked fast when there were things he wanted to forget. He reached for Sasaki's copies with grabby hands, eager to examine each page meticulously. Mitsuba's soft smile emerged in his mind. He found himself smiling along. With her everything was so easy, even the simple thought of her. She was a steady stream that held him together and cheered him on. The total opposite of Gintoki who came like a storm, swept him up, and tore his world apart again and again and-

A recurring name drew Hijikata's attention to the papers in front of him. He flipped a few pages, eyes going up and down lists of employees of various subsidiary companies. It couldn't be. He opened a drawer and brought out his card file. He quickly found the one he was looking for. It had been given to him quite recently.


Itou Kamotarou, Fund Consultant.


On the other end of his desk old newspapers stacked up high. Hijikata browsed through the latest batch and stopped paralyzed as suspicion gave way to fact. Headlines were filled with news of a Hata Corp moving with haste in the business world. Local newspapers spoke of Hata Corp's plan to build a new business center in the 'long degraded and neglected part of town' which would revitalize the area and bring profit to commerce and residents alike. The typical cackle. Other newspapers called out the company's sudden rise and questioned its fast acquisition of property in the area. Hijikata only had to put two and two together.

He called Tetsunosuke on the intercom and his assistant came running.

"Yes, sir! How can I help?"

When he arrived Hijikata was brushing off a chunk of cigarette ash that had fallen on his shirt.

"Tetsu, I need you to get all the information you can about this place," Hijikata grabbed the newspaper with the picture of the dorm and shoved it Tetsunosuke's way.

"W-what's this, sir?" Tetsunosuke fumbled with the messy pages until he could take a proper look at the picture in question "An old boarding house, sir?"

"Find me deeds, leases, mortgages, contracts, purchase agreements, anything."

"Yes, sir!"

"And keep quiet about this."

"Yes, sir."

Hijikata saw him leave and lit another cigarette. Choosing the next course of action would be no easy feat. Time was against him and one thing seemed to be irremediably sure. There was no saving the dorm.

>