


Hey Guys, so, here we are again! Journey Back 2.0 you could say. Thank you to those who follow me and asked for this story to come back. I'll assure you; this will be a whole lot better ;)



DISCLAIMER: Steph owns the characters, I merely thought of the plot



Prologue


BPOV

"There is no such thing as a
Defining Moment",
they said. But I am witness that there surely is.

It all started when I was 5, and I saw a man standing in the middle of the square, completely still, almost like a statue. I was walking around with my mom, and he was enthralling, I just couldn't move my gaze away from him. Suddenly, he disappeared, no signs of him ever being there.

Ever since that day, I always dreamt about him, his blonde hair hanging down, his pale skin, the only thing that really struck me as odd, were his red eyes, I couldn't understand why would I dream about red eyes instead of green or blue. It was confusing. After a while, I stopped dreaming and thinking about him, then it was difficult remembering that afternoon, then I just… forgot. Renee, my mom, was never worried about my musings, she just assumed I had imagined him, and when I stopped talking about it, she thought it was for the best… she didn't know how wrong she was.

Ten years later, I realized just how much.

The day I turned 15, my mom told me she was marrying Phil, her boyfriend, and that she wanted me to be her Maid of Honor. Renee met Phil on one of her "crazy" days, as she called them. She had gone to the Spa to get everything (and yes, I mean EVERYTHING) done, and also went on a shopping spree afterwards, she WAS rich after all. When she left one of her favorite boutiques, "Bendita tu eres", she slammed into something and fell, with her 15 bags on top of her. And, well, there he was, all smiles and laughs, lending her a hand for her to stand up. After being divorced from my dad for almost twelve years, it was like a wave of fresh air for her, feeling appreciated. He helped her put her things in the car, and then asked for her number; mom always said he looked like a fifteen year old asking a girl for the first time.

It all went from there. The first date was "perfect" according to Renee: he took her to the trendiest wine bar, Postino, and then they went for a walk on Encanto Park. She came back home with a twinkle in her eyes that I hadn't seen in years.


Flashback – 2 years before


"
Oh, Bella. You wouldn't believe how beautiful it was, the wine, the chat, the WALK!" She then started telling me every detail she could remember, and I couldn't help but smile, she was hitched.


"
Mom, I'm so happy for you, I hope this can go on like this. It sounds so nice!" - I answered when she finished her play-by-play of the date. She was glowing, and it felt so good to see her smiling like that. "I haven't seen you like this sin Momma died".



I was right, when my grandmother had passed away the year prior, my mom and I went through a rough time. We were there for each other, when no one else was. Momma had died from breast cancer, and she fought with teeth and nails, but in the end, the chemotherapy couldn't stop it from spreading. She had left us a grand sum of money, and four properties, but they felt empty without her, so my mom sold them, only keeping our house and a few items from the other houses. She put most of the money on a College fund for me, and the rest we used it to live, though not ostentatiously. We had more money that we could count, but we never let that get into our heads.



The both of us stop talking for a minute while we remembered my grandma, she was the best, and we missed her dearly.


"
I know honey, I'm happy too" She said "He makes me feel like there's still hope for me, hope for love" she finished while smiling absently.


"
I'm glad mum, he sounds really nice".


End flashback

It all went from there, they went on more dates while the season was off (he was a baseball couch), and we went to most of his home games, and she would travel to see him now and then, while I stayed at my best friend's house. After a while, I started thinking about what I really wanted to do, I loved my mom, and seeing her so depressed when Phil was away, was tearing me apart, until I got the best of the ideas, right when she told me Phil had proposed.

I was going to live with my dad.

I went through the wedding plans, decorations, dress fittings, and finally, the rehearsal dinner. I had to give my speech as Maid of Honor.

"Hello, everybody. As you might guess (wink), I'm the Maid of Honor, but beyond that, I'm the bride's daughter. I haven't seen my mom as happy as she is when she's with Phil in a long long time. We went through hell and came back, and here we are, just a day before you become Ms. Dwyer.

Mom: I love you, you know that, even when I had to remember to pay the bills so we would keep having the lights on, or force-feeding you when you were sad about Momma's death, I couldn't help but love you. Ever since the day Phil came into your life, I've slowly seen my mom come back to me, and I couldn't be but grateful about it, and most of all, love him like he was my father too. We've been through so much together, that even with my fifteen years, I know we will always be close, 'till death do us part, as they say.

Phil: Again, thank you. You brought me my mummy back, and it couldn't have been a better timing. You're a great guy, and I'm so happy for you guys. You are the best!" I raised my glass to my speech and took notice of my surroundings. I saw my mom crying her heart out, and Phil smiling with a few stray tears on his face. They were happy.

The wedding went by like a blur, and when I finished my rehearsed speech, I added something else "Not only you are the best mom, but you deserve the best. That's why I have decided to go live with dad for awhile. You two need time to yourselves, and I'm more than happy to "give" you this gift, some alone time to enjoy your married life, and to go on tour with him mom. Just call me when you're in Seattle!" I finished smiling broadly.

My Real Journey started the next day.


I finished editing this on Jan 1

st

, 2014. These two parts were actually separated in Prologue and Chapter 1, but I believe it looks better like this.



So 1.128 words (REAL story words), and counting .



Thanks to ALL of my readers!



Love,



Issis.


>