


Sooo, this is my first attempt at smut, so pretty pleaaase, be good to me! (BTW if you are under 18, what the hell are you doing reading a M rated story? Please, press your back button if that's the case) You know how it is! Don't own, unless I've turned into Steph somehow… well, I haven't… So… NOT MINE! Just playing a little with her names!


Chapter 11 Experiences

After brewing my coffee, I turned around to find Jasper staring at me. He had the most devilish smirk I've ever seen. What he hadn't taken into account was that I was ready to take it all in stride. As I had already said, tonight would be for him to beg. I answered with a smirk of my own, and walked in what I thought was a sexy manner until I was in front of him. I leaned into him and whispered in his ear.

"Are you ready, Whitlock?". He grabbed me so fast that I didn't realize that it had happened until I was facing the wall, his hands on my hips and his mouth in my ear.

"I've been ready forever, Darlin'" He whispered back, grinding his arousal into my back. I sent him every little grain of lust that I'd felt since knowing him, throwing him for a loop. He turned me around again and lifted my chin.

"If you ever do that to me again, my sweet, I might stop being a gentleman" He said, his darkened eyes boring into mine.

"Who told you I wanted you to be one?" I answered back, sticking my tongue out to moist my dry lips.

I didn't have the time to register the movements, and suddenly we were in my room, Jasper trapping me with his arms against the door, the sexiest look I've ever seen on his face, and my underwear ruined with my arousal.

He sniffed, and a feral smile came upon his lips. "Mmmmhmm… Isabella, your smell is the sweet'st thing I've eva' known… D' you think It'll taste as good?" He drawled. His southern accent more pronounced that I've ever heard before. His eyes were pitch black, and I knew I wasn't in the presence of Jasper alone… No, this was The Major.

"I don't know, Major. Why don't you taste it, and you can tell me?" I said, looking him right in the eyes, my excitement getting thicker than blood, and my insides churning in anticipation. "Or maybe I should take a taste out of you, and you can make us even".

I kneeled in front of him, dodging his jeans, finding out he was going commando. "Hopeful, Major?" I asked.

"No, Darlin'. I was never one to restrain myself".

His statement had my mind reeling with possibilities, but the main point of focus for me, was his cock. It was long and thick, and I wondered for a moment how he would fit inside me, but chose to ignore that line of question, while licking him from base to tip, slowly. His groan was the only encouragement I needed, and I put him inside my mouth. I licked, sucked and swallowed as much as I could of him, enjoying his taste in my tongue. He was getting deeper and started thrusting into my mouth, fucking it. And I loved every second of it. When I noticed he was about to come, I stopped and released him from my mouth, gaining a whimper of frustration from his. I stood up, and looked him in the eyes, while licking my lips.

"mmmmhmmm, yummie, Major. Soo good, but I want you first." I said. Immediately, I was on my bed, my clothes ripped and thrown across the room, and he was on his knees, hugging my legs, his face inches away from my dripping core.

He started licking around my entrance, purring when he tasted me for the first time. The vibration sent shivers down my spine, and a throaty moan came out of my lips. His tongue was on my clit, and one of his fingers was caressing my entrance, before entering it. I couldn't help the pleasurable groan that came from my mouth.

"Even better than I imagined... so much better Darlin'" He whispered so low I almost couldn't hear it, and his rhythm started back again. And it felt so good, I almost couldn't contain the waves that were crashing through me. After that, there were no words, just whispers of names, grunts and moans. He licked, sucked, nipped and lapped at my core, almost to the point where I couldn't discern anything beyond my eyes, mi vision was swimming in pools of pleasure.

I came, hard, and shouting his name. He didn't stop then, and he thrusted two of his fingers inside me, twisted them, and I came again, feeling the slightest pain of him tearing my hymen. Even if I had some experiences, I had never gone the whole way. I forgot the pain immediately, as he slowly slipped his cock inside me. I was high from the pleasure, inch by inch it seemed to increment, until he was fully sheathed inside of me. I'd never felt so full, so… complete. He was watching me through it all, his eyes never left me, and it only helped on increasing the sensations. He started moving, taking his member almost all the way out, until only the head was inside, and thrust into me with force, making me scream in pleasure. I was looking at the star through my eyelids, and every moment I felt even better. I was approaching my orgasm, and I knew he was too, our emotions going on a never ending cycle. When we came, the world exploded around us. Everything felt sharper, colors, smells, sensations…I was breathless. It was something I'll never forget.

"Are you OK darlin'? Do you want me to run a bath for you?" He said, worried. I hadn't moved an inch since he removed himself from inside me. I felt a little empty, but otherwise, just… perfect. I knew that should he ever leave me, I'd die.

"Yes, Major, I'm as OK as I can ever be. And yes, that'd be wonderful" I answered, still breathless.

He run to the bathroom, and just a moment later I could hear the water running. He was spoiling me, and I was not going to complain about it. It seemed like no time had passed, when he took me in his arms and deposited me inside the tub. Sitting behind me, my back to his chest, he then proceeded to grab my loofah and lather me with soap, not letting an inch of my skin without care. He was making me need him again, but he stopped me right away.

"Now, Isabella. Stop that or I might need to ravish you. And I know for a fact that you are a li'l sore from before. I wanna take care of you, and I beg you to let me do it, Darlin'". How could I say no to that? I tried to control myself, and let him take care of me. He took me out of the tub, and dried me with my fluffy towel. He then changed me into my pj's and took me to bed, never leaving my side, he put on some pajama bottoms (where had they come from?) and got into bed with me. He felt warm to me now. And I let myself sink into oblivion…


Sooo, there it is! More than 1000 words of lemony goodness! I hope you like it guys! Thank you!



Issis.


>