


Disclaimer: All characters, names, and places belong to their respective owners. Only my original content belongs to me.



In honor of my 10th chapter of All Was Golden in the Sky and the final Prompts in Panem, I decided to resurrect this story. While previously satisfied with the way it ended, I decided to extend the story.




"I-I-," out of nowhere Peeta grasps his throat, making a strained panicked noise with his mouth before stumbling backwards and landing on the hard floor, the ripe plum in his hand rolling from his hand.



My chest tightens, "Peeta!" I exclaim, scooping down to the floor and pressing against his chest. "Guard!" I scream, motioning desperately towards one of the men in uniform, "The King needs help!"



Peeta turns slightly to his side, clutching his stomach as his eyes start to slip closed. It's not until I noticed the slight foam of his mouth that the signs align and I realize what the cause of his anguish is.



Poison. Peeta has been poisoned.



The second the thought registers in my brain I know who is responsible. It's Snow, of course. Who else wanted the King dead?

I watch as they take him away from me. It's like the world freezes is in front of me, and I find myself thrashing against the guards who hold me away from him, stop me from collapsing in front of the physician's men.

It's only when the court physician calls out to the men, "he's alive!" that I stop my tirade and break into a fit of sobs.

Maybe Peeta would survive this after all.


I spend the next two hours curled up against the wall of the Court medical practices are mostly idiotic, I bet my mother could do a better job of fixing him up. But of course, with Peeta lying sick in a bed I had no agency, no way to make the men do what I wanted.

And so I wait, wait for the court physician to pump heaven knows what into his body, wait for the boy who meant so much to me to pull through.

It is only when one of the men announces to the ever growing crowd that the king is indeed alive and stable, that I am able to allow some sense of relaxation fall over my body. Peeta would survive the day.


I spend the night slumped up against that same wall. I only get a good couple hours of sleep. It takes a long time and a great deal of pacing for me to even close my eyes, and when dawn strikes I'm awoken by the heavy handed shake of a guard.

"Lady Katna," the unfamiliar guard says to me as my eyes open, "King Peeta is asking for you, I have been directed to escort you to him."

I perk up at this. If Peeta was asking for me than he must be at the very least awake and somewhat coherent, at least whatever poisoned him hadn't slowed his brain.

So I follow the guard through the medical chambers, ignoring the sharp looks of the surrounding nobles as I'm guided through a back passageway and brought to a door.

"He's in there," the guard says curtly, turning away from me and disappearing into the hallway.

I look at the door for a moment, hesitant to enter. Nothing about this part of the castle is particularly ornate. Aside from the inscriptions on the walls it looks like a servant's quarters, though I doubt Peeta was sleeping on itchy straw.

Gaining some courage, I turn the door handle slightly, peeking into the room. He's there, I can see him propped up on some pillows with his head buried in a book. But he's alive, rumpled blonde hair and all. Well enough to read, too.

"Katniss," Peeta says, as the door makes an unexpectant creak.

I sigh, realizing I no longer had the chance to turn back, "I'm here, Peeta."

I close the door as I enter the room, "How are you doing?" I question him.

He breaks into a grin at the sight of me, "I'm alive, almost lost my leg but every bit of me is still here."

I push towards him, ignoring the posted guard and situating myself on the end of his bed, "I failed to protect you," I tell him, the tide of emotions sweeping over me as tears, a mixture of joy and sorrow and guilt, pour out of me.

"It's not your job to protect me," he says, giving me the slightest shake of his head and a nudge in the direction of his guard.
It's not safe here.


I give him a knowing nod, "Oh, but I wish I could have done something. Tell me, Peeta, when will you be back in our bedchamber?"

He leans forward in the bed, turning his book over to the side. "At first I thought it was Snow, but I am starting to think he wouldn't be that obvious, we'll talk later," he whispers into my ear as if he were telling me lustful wishes or sweet nothings.

The comment confuses me, of course it was Snow? Hadn't the man practically threatened to slip him something not moments before. But I trust Peeta, and so I only draw him closer, playing the part of mistress by pressing a light kiss to his overly hot lips.

Whoever had poisoned him was a question for another time, today I could relax in Peeta's arms and be thankful his heart still beated.



Author's Note: What did you think of the new chapter? Are you glad Peeta survived, lol? I know this chapter was short, but I wanted to get something out to the people who have waited for so long. More importantly, I wanted you guys to know that this fic is not dead.



I would like to thank all the readers who have stuck with this story despite my abandonment. I really do love my fics, even the ones I can't seem to pick back up.



As always, you can find me on tumblr at starveinsafety and everlarkfanfictionclub!


>