


***AUTHOR'S NOTE: Wow! Thank you so much for all the follows, favs, and especially the REVIEWS! Your kind words and enthusiasm for this story are making me glow inside.



I have a better idea as to where the story is going now, so I should be able to update it more frequently. Keep those reviews coming – they are wonderful!***


The man in rags gave no sign that he had heard Elsa speak. He continued to fight against the Southern Isles guardsmen holding him down, his twig-thin limbs twisting as they gripped him ever more tightly. He struggled with ferocious strength for a man who looked as though he had not eaten in weeks.

Anna stared at him for a long moment, her eyes wide and incredulous. Then realization seemed to wash over her, and a smile of the purest, brightest joy illuminated her face.

"Papa!" she cried. "Oh, Papa! You're alive! You're alive! You're...you're HOME!" She ran to the ragged man and wrapped him in a fierce, ecstatic hug.

But the man did not return her embrace. Instead, he shrank back from her and let out a howl – a long, terrified, unearthly howl that sounded more animal than human. Startled, Anna released him and drew back.

"P-Papa?" she ventured. "Papa, it's me, Anna! And Elsa's here too – look!" She pointed at Elsa, who was standing by herself, twisting the fabric of her skirt between her hands. "Don't you – don't you recognize us? You're home, Papa! Look! Kai is here, and – "

Kristoff came up behind his fiancée and placed a gentle hand on her shoulder.

"Anna," he whispered, "look at him. He's – he's not there."

The king was no longer howling, but his mouth remained open, frozen in a silent scream. A thin trickle of saliva issued from one corner of his mouth and dribbled onto the collar of his filthy shirt. His unfocused eyes darted this way and that, as frantic as a grasshopper trapped in a jar.

Anna watched him for a moment, then looked pleadingly at Kristoff. "What's wrong with him?" she asked, her voice quivering.

"I don't know," Kristoff admitted. "I've – I've never seen anything like this before."

Just then, and without warning, the king lunged forward, finally breaking free of the guardsmen's grasp. He ran the length of the Great Hall, then made a dash for one of the corridors.

"STOP HIM!" roared the taller of the two guardsmen. Two of the palace butlers heard his shout; moving as one, they tackled the fleeing man and wrestled him to the ground. The shorter of the Southern Isles guardsmen ran to him and placed him in a tight chokehold. The king's face purpled and his eyes seemed to protrude from his head as he fought against the muscled arm pressing down on his carotid artery, but lack of blood soon overtook him and he went limp. With a sigh of relief, the guardsman and the two butlers set him gently on the floor, turning his face to one side.

Anna gazed down at her unconscious father. Her lip trembled and she burst into tears, throwing herself against Kristoff's chest. The ice harvester folded her into his arms and held her as she wept, softly stroking her back as heartbroken sobs racked her entire body.

Suddenly, the air was rent by another earsplitting shriek – but this time, it did not come from the ragged man. Instead, it came from Elsa.

The queen's head was back, her eyes were squeezed shut, and her clawed hands were pressed against her face. A terrible, sustained scream poured unceasingly from her gaping mouth – a scream that seemed to make the air itself vibrate. A cold, bitter wind began to whirl inside the Great Hall, carrying with it the snowflakes that were beginning to materialize out of nowhere.

Anna pulled herself away from Kristoff and ran to her sister. "Elsa!" she cried. "Elsa, what's wrong?"

She put her hands on Elsa's shoulders and gave her the gentlest of shakes, but the queen did not react; her piercing, drawn-out scream continued to reverberate throughout the hall as she dug her fingernails into the flesh of her cheeks. Ice was crawling up the walls, stiffening the tapestries and coating the windows in a layer of translucent frost. The two Southern Isles guardsmen gazed up at it in disbelief from their places by the fallen king's side.

Kristoff darted over to the two sisters. "Your Majesty," he said to Elsa, his voice loud and urgent. "Elsa, please. ELSA!"

When she failed once again to respond, Kristoff – apparently acting without conscious thought, without intention – drew back one of his great ice-harvester's hands and slapped Elsa full in the face. The force of the blow sent her reeling. As she stumbled backward, her heel caught on the hem of her long dress, sending her crashing to the floor. Her screaming ceased as soon as she hit the ground, and the furious blizzard that had just moments ago been whipping through the room stopped as abruptly as it had begun.

Once again, there was absolute silence in the Great Hall. It was a grievous crime for a commoner – even a commoner engaged to a princess - to strike the Queen of Arendelle, and the gathered crowd waited with bated breath to see how Elsa would react.

For a moment, the queen did nothing but rub her cheek, which was reddening where Kristoff had slapped her. Then she looked up at him.

"Thank you," she said, shaking her head as if to clear it. "I – I don't know what came over me." Still seated on the floor, she closed her eyes and inhaled deeply through her nose, her brow furrowed in concentration. The ice that had covered the walls and floors began to recede, shrinking and shrinking until it was nothing but a tiny frozen puddle at Elsa's feet. She waved her hand, and the puddle evaporated in a glimmer of bluish light. The last few snowflakes that had been dancing in the air vanished without a trace.

"I'm so sorry, Your Majesty – Elsa – but I didn't know what else to do," said Kristoff, offering the queen his hand. She accepted it and allowed him to help her feet.

"No, Kristoff, you don't need to apologize. You did the right thing," said Elsa, dusting herself off. She looked down at the inert body of her father, who was still lying prone on the floor between the two liverymen.

A moan came from behind them; the housekeeper, Gerda, had begun to stir. Two of her subordinate maids rushed to help her sit up.

Elsa looked first at Anna, then at Kristoff, and then down at the King once more. She bit her lip, apparently unsure of what to do next.

Kristoff saw her distress. "Elsa," he said gently, "your father needs a doctor right away. So does Gerda." He put his arms around Anna, who was wiping the last of her tears away with the heel of her hand.

Elsa nodded. "A doctor," she echoed. "Y-yes...of course. Kai, please send for the Royal Physician and his assistant immediately." The steward, who had been hovering anxiously near the royal party, hurried off to carry out the queen's orders, moving as quickly as his stout form would allow.

>