

I do not own Final Fantasy 13 or any of the characters except, obviously, my OCs.


Introductions

Lightning glanced at the man again as the soldier passed. The man was black and had an afro and a chokobo chick hidden in it. He wore tan pants, combat boots, a white button up shirt over a black muscle shirt, and a green military jacket over them both with two empty gun holsters on his legs and an anxious expression.

"What are you planning?" Lightning asked.

"Take a guess," the man said before they fell silent while the soldier passed again.

"It won't work," Lightning said.

"Yes it will," another man about about her age said then waited for the soldier to pass. "I'll handle reinforcements and you two focus on the local bunch."

"Deal," the first man said. "Got a name?"

"Daniel," the younger man said. "You?"

"Sazh," the man said. "How about you Lady? You in?"

"My name's Lightning," Lightning said. "And sure. I don't care much for trains anyway."

"Good," Daniel said then stood and smashed the soldier into the wall knocking him out and taking the keys to his handcuffs.

He unlocked them and tossed the keys to Lightning then picked up the gun and turned to shoot a soldier just as he entered. Lightning freed herself then Sazh and they ran through the door taking the gun with them. Lightning passed the keys to one of the prisoners with them as they left and a moment later the prisoners were running after them. They killed three more soldiers before they reached a locker and retrieved their equipment. Daniel didn't have anything but Lightning had a gunblade and Sazh had a pair of pistols.

Just then, there was an explosion and the train behind them was blasted off the track and fell to the one below crashing onto another train and both exploded. Daniel looked back and saw a Manasvin Warmech flying toward them. Just then, three soldiers sprinted in and Daniel grabbed Lightning's gunblade switching it to a gun and shot all three. Then he turned toward the Warmech.

"Sazh," Daniel said. "Pistol."

Sazh handed one to him and he fired Lightning's gun at the Warmech then the pistol just to the right. The Warmech steered left out of the path of the first then the second hit his anti-gravity thruster. It instantly lost control and began spiraling downward crashing in the middle of a group of PSICOM soldiers who were closing in on a group of civilians who were in a shootout with PSICOM in a rebellion over the Purge.

"How did you do that?" Sazh asked.

"Can't fly if your wings get clipped," Daniel said handing Sazh his pistol and Lightning her gunblade.

"Nice job," Lightning said. "Now what?"

"Now, we jump," Daniel said before leaping out of the back of the train and white Purge cloak he had been wearing flew into the air and was blown away.

Underneath, he wore navy blue cargo pants, a black Tee-shirt, and a navy blue military jacket. He had a gunblade holder similar to Lightning's own diagonally across his back from his right shoulder to his left hip.

"You're a GC?" Lightning asked jumping out and landing next to him and Sazh following.

"No," Daniel said. "My story is very very long. I'll tell you it but first we need to get to my cache."

"Cache?" Lightning asked.

"Long story," Daniel said. "I always come prepared."

He jumped off of the train track and landed on a second Warmech's back and Lightning and Sazh landed behind him a moment later. They both blasted an anti-gravity thruster then held on until they neared the ground. They leapt off and it crashed down exploding and they rolled to a stop near a group of civilians.

"Light?" someone said over the gunfire.

"Snow?" Lightning asked looking up at a blonde man with a black bandanna, grey trench coat, black pants and gloves, steel-toed boots, and a white shirt under the coat. "Just what I need."

"Friend of yours?" Daniel asked.

"No," Lightning said.

"I'm dating her sister," Snow said.

"You failed to protect her!" Lightning said.

"Enough!" Daniel said staring into the distance. "We're close to my cache. Snow, you can come with us if you want."

"No thanks," Snow said. "They need me here."

Daniel nodded and he, Lightning, and Sazh ran down side streets and back alleys to a dead end where three buildings blocked all sides except the way they came.

"Now what?" Lightning asked.

"In darkness, light," Daniel said. "In trouble, a sword. In a fight, power."

Suddenly, a doorways opened in the wall to the left and they all went through into a massive room that easily took up the entire building. It was filled with rows upon rows, upon rows, of weapons and bullet proof armor. Daniel took off his jacket and put on a black long-sleeved shirt with military grade Kevlar splint mail on the outside. Then he put his jacket back on and picked up a gunblade. His was different from Lightning's. It had a long, straight blade, a cross guard in the front that was as long as the grip, and a shorter straight blade on the back of the primary blade.

"Nice blade," Lightning said. "Does it shoot?"

"Yes," Daniel said. "Raw energy. Much better than yours."

"But I'm better than you," Lightning said. "Now, tell us your back story."

"Alright," Daniel said. "First, my family history in brief. Both sides of my family have power in them. I inherited my mother's but my father wanted me to inherit his like my two older brothers. His name was Caius Ballad but I never took his last name. Either way, he has the power to transform and is on par with a L'Cie. He can fall from incredible heights with no injuries, jump impossibly high, and is better with his sword than anyone. His power comes from hate, rage, and blood. Mine, comes from peace and the desire to protect those I love. I can borrow another's power for a short time at double the strength. Unfortunately, to do so, I have to kiss them."

"You're not taking mine then," Sazh said.

"You have none," Daniel said. "Either way, I've only done it with two people."

"You were in love with them right?" Lightning asked.

"Yes," Daniel said.

"Are they dead?" Lightning asked.

"Yes," Daniel said.

"I'm sorry," Lightning said.

"It's alright," Daniel said.

"Start at the beginning," Lightning said. "What happened?"

"At sixteen, my power awoke and my father introduced me to his personal war as one of his top three lieutenants," Daniel said. "My two brothers were the other two. Both had inherited his power. Sorry, I'm skipping again. When my power awoke, my father took the initiative and taught me how to use it. Then he tracked down and reintroduced me to a childhood friend that he knew I would fall for. She was very skilled with swords and was also able to use L'Cie powers. She and I were made a team in my father's war working side by side with three rules, do not fail, do not get captured, do not create anything my father didn't approve."

"A child," Lightning said.

"Exactly," Daniel said. "We followed the rules perfectly for a long while. Things were perfect. I loved her, she loved me, and both of us were able to earn respect both from my father and from our enemies. Unfortunately, the latter was so true, that my father's greatest enemy targeted us specifically. We were ambushed and she was taken captive. I had no choice. I asked my family for help. Both of my brothers said they were busy. They had broken the last rule. They had families that they needed to get somewhere safe, a task that they didn't no was too little too late. My father, on the other hand, agreed. He was unhappy that I failed him but he said he liked her and wanted me to be happy, which she clearly made me. So, we went to save her."

"I'm guessing it didn't go so well," Lightning said.

"No," Daniel said. "My father oversaw his army as it fought against the enemy's army. I went after her and managed to free her then borrowed her power just in time for my father's enemy to find us. I fought him and we managed to escape. I took her to my father and he swore to protect her. I borrowed her power one last time and went after My father's enemy again. I found him quickly and the two of us fought as hard as we could. After about seven eighths of the time I can hold her power-"

"You were able to predict how long her power would last?" Lightning asked.

"It is always the same length of time for the same person," Daniel said. "Anyway, I was about seven eighths of the way through the time when she died. I felt her power leave me but her skills stayed. Her skills with a blade, a gun, and anything else she was good at. I continued to fight My father's enemy and finally managed to kill him. I went back to my father and saw that he was sitting beside her with his sword still pinning her to the ground. I snapped. I attacked him and he didn't bother shape shifting. Not at first, anyway. After about three hours, he finally transformed and ended the fight then turned back to human without finishing me. He said my punishment was complete. I had been shamed and broken. He left and I spent hours mourning her death then called my brothers."

"I'm guessing they were unhappy about your dad's actions," Sazh said.

"Their families had already been killed by my father, both their wives and their infant children," Daniel said. "When I called, they told me what had happened and I told them what he had done to me. Then, I suggested the one act that would get us killed. We could leave my father's side and fight against him instead. However, my bothers were both more loyal to my father than upset over their families' deaths. That was when I realized that my father was also able to brainwash, given enough time. My brothers were both completely under his power. Their families' deaths had been the final piece, it had broken their spirits and my father had asserted complete dominance. He had intended to use her death to do the same to me but he did it too early and instead of cementing his grip, it broke it. I left and spent months searching out his enemies until they found me. They, unlike him, were forgiving. They accepted me because they knew what I could do, what I went through, and because they wanted the chance to try to duplicate my power. Their experiments were simply blood tests where as my father put me through painful surgeries and experiments to try to give me his own power. That was where I met the second person whose power I borrowed. She was my CO, the general of my father's enemy's army. Technically it was illegal but we didn't care. They succeeded in copying my power to a small team that I led. Eventually, my brothers ambushed them and killed them all except me and her. Then, they ambushed us. We knew that my family was going to shrink whether by one or two people. I borrowed her power and fought my two brothers at the same time."

"Did they have their power by then?" Lightning asked remembering that he had mentioned it at the beginning.

"No," Daniel said. "My father's power awoke during a blood rage in which he slaughtered an entire city of civilians. My brothers' powers awoke during their battle with me. Just as I was going to win, they both transformed and attacked. I managed to keep myself alive but one of the blasts killed her. I got her skill as well and used it to fight them. After three straight days of alternating between fighting, running, and hiding, I finally defeated both. They begged to be spared and swore they were free from my father's control but I killed them anyway."

"What were their names?" Lightning asked.

"Daisuke and Ryuu," Daniel said.

"No, not your brothers," Lightning said. "Your two loves."

"Oh," Paul said. "Sari was the first. The second was Misaki."

"I'm sorry," Lightning said. "Come on. We need to get moving."

"Yes," Daniel said standing. "I'll be here soon. We need to be ready."

THE END


Read and review. I will end up skipping around quite a lot in this story and have never played final fantasy 13-2 so try to bear with me. I will do my best but it will be a massive AU and I will have the relationships that I saw in the first game even if they really didn't exist. an example is Fang and Vanille.

>