

I do not own Final Fantasy or any of the characters.


Capital Murder

Daniel stepped off of the train, looking around. People were wandering around, paying him and Lightning no mind. Daniel walked along behind Lightning as they left the train station, Hope filling Lightning in on Luxerion, the worship of "the almighty Bhunivelze," and the Order of Salvation. Then, he began to talk about a "darkness untouched by the divine light," and the "heresy that rejects the teachings of supreme Bhunivelze." Daniel rolled his eyes.

He and Lightning stepped out of the train station to see several guards keeping a crowd away from a body. A girl with light pink hair.

"It's another girl," a man nearby said quietly.

"How awful," a girl near him said.

"I bet it's the heretics' doing," the man said as he and the girl walked away, Daniel walking toward the body with Lightning.

The guards turned toward him but then stepped aside, Daniel kneeling beside her.

"Stabbed in the back again," Daniel said pulling a piece of paper off the knife embedded in the girl's back. "Heretics. Definitely getting annoyed with the obvious, girl with pink hair, victim profile."

"Do you think you'll be able to find them this time?" the guard asked.

"I can certainly try," Daniel nodded just as something fell from a nearby rooftop, hanging in front of a clock.

Daniel stared at it as a woman screamed. His blood ran cold for a second before he calmed himself. Dummy. Pink hair, cape, sword on her back. Effigy of Lightning. Sooner or later, the guards would notice the resemblance. Suddenly, thick red chaos swirled against the wall behind it before leaving behind glowing purple writing.

"The evil savior will die at the hands of the Shadow Hunter."

"Shadow Hunter," Daniel mused, wandering over to stand beside Lightning, staring at the paper, which bore the same message, but with the addition of the words "The Children of Etro" after it. "Here less than a day and already you have a mark on your head. Impressive. Even for us."

"E-Excuse me, you're Daniel, right?" a voice asked from beside them, both turning to see a worker from the train station. "Th-The Champion?"

"I am," Daniel nodded.

"Please, my replacement hasn't shown up," the man said. "He's been late before but never like this. With the recent murders, I-I'm worried about him. Please, can you find him for me?"

"Of course," Daniel nodded. "We'll have him at the station as soon as we can."

The man nodded, thanking him then running off.

"Is now really the time for that?" Lightning asked.

"Your job is to save souls, right?" Daniel asked. "Well, helping people find peace is the best way to do that."

Daniel turned, looking around before spotting a man in a station worker uniform hiding near an alleyway. He walked over with Lightning, the man jumping upon seeing them before recognizing Daniel.

"Oh thank God you're here!" the man gushed, voice hushed but urgent. "I saw them! I saw the person who threw the dummy off the roof! B-But...I-I got scared and ran. God, they'll probably kill me for this!"

"Relax," Daniel said. "You're going to be fine. But you're late. So we're going to escort you to the station. Once we're there, you can tell us about what you saw."

The man nodded and the three of them walked back across the plaza and to the station where the first man met them relief flooding out of him as he saw his friend. After several seconds, a sphere of light left each man, floating into Lightning's chest, unnoticed by anyone besides Daniel and Lightning. Lightning glanced at him and he smiled slightly as the man they had found turned to them.

"Alright, a promise is a promise," the man said. "It was the Children of Etro. They threw the dummy off the tower. I wanted to tell the inquisitors, really I did. But I was afraid the heretics would make me their next victim."

"I see," Daniel nodded. "Don't worry about them. They only want women with rose pink hair."

The man nodded and Daniel and Lightning turned, walking back toward the plaza.

"Children of Etro?" Lightning asked. "Friends of yours?"

"No," Daniel said. "They claim to follow the teachings of Etro, but they're murdering people in her name. The only important thing that ties them to Etro is that they have an Oracle Drive somewhere. Though I've never quite been able to track it down. I'm pretty sure they keep moving it."

Lightning nodded. As they stepped into the plaza, Daniel glanced to the right, spotting a crowd of people wearing white robes. He walked over to the head inquisitor investigating the murder.

"Yes Champion?" the inquisitor asked. "How may I help your investigation?"

"Aren't you supposed to be investigating?" Lightning asked.

"They differ to me when I'm around, since I fight the chaos successfully," Daniel said. "Anyway, we need the barricades lifted. The Children of Etro are gathering, but we need to follow them back to their base. That way we can find their leader, this Shadow Hunter, and their Oracle Drive."

"Of course Champion," the inquisitor nodded. "I'll give the order right away."

He walked away and Lightning turned to him.

"The years have been kind to you," Lightning said.

"No," Daniel said. "They've been hell. They've been kind to my fame."

All of the guards blocking the gates finally moved out of the way, the Children of Etro making their way aimlessly around the courtyard for several minutes before leaving the plaza. Daniel and Lightning followed at a distance, following them down side streets and back alleys for several minutes. Finally, they stopped around a payphone, which began to ring. Daniel knelt behind a dumpster, listening. In the silence of night, he could almost make out the person answering the phone's voice. Something about a forest...darkness...chaos...the Goddess...numbers. Then, he heard seven, two that he couldn't make out, and one.

A gate off to the side opened and the Children of Etro ran through, the gate closing behind them. Daniel stood, thinking. Darkness. Chaos. Goddess. He knew that from somewhere. He remembered hearing his mother saying it once. But it was eluding him at the moment.

"What is it?" Lightning asked.

"Something feels...familiar, about what he was saying," Daniel said. "But I can't remember for sure. Come on. There's nothing we can do about them until they get done whatever they're doing. Let's head to the Dead Dunes."

"Why there?" Lightning asked.

"We have nowhere better to go," Daniel said. "We need to use as much time as we can wisely. So we need to keep moving."

Lightning nodded and they made their way back to the train station, leaving the city for the desert. As soon as they arrived, they found out just how dead the dunes were. The only people present were a single station worker, and an outfitter.

"Excuse me, lady?" the station worker spoke up. "Sorry but, we don't get many tourists here, so I figured I'd warn you. You really came to the wrong place. There's nothing out there but some old ruins. And they're a breeding ground for monsters. Well, that and home to some great treasure supposedly. Some old hunk of junk called the Holy Clavis."

"The Holy Clavis is here?" Daniel asked, staring out into the desert.

"Yeah," the station worker said.

"What's the Holy Clavis?" Lightning asked.

"It's supposedly able to summon the souls of the dead and open the door to the afterlife," the station worker said. "Bunch of hooey if you ask me. Not that the bandits or the Order will ever stop looking for it."

"Bandits," Daniel mused. "Thanks. You've been very helpful."

"Wait, what?" the man asked.

"We'll be back," Daniel called back to him, jogging out of the station, toward the outfitter.

As he walked, he glanced back, seeing Lightning wearing a pair of sunglasses that looked both badass and attractive on her. He grinned.

"Nice shades," Daniel smirked, stopping at the outfitter. "I need some sunglasses."

The outfitter nodded, handing him a pair of slim extremely dark sunglasses and he put them on, the lenses lighting up with targets and words, data readouts for the atmosphere, soil, wind, the time, and personnel data about the outfitter, including a threat level indicator. He smirked, paying him.

"Nice," Daniel grinned.

Then, he turned toward some ruins in the distance as a green cactus shot toward them.

"Oh not these again," Daniel groaned, glancing at the data.

Fast, strong, agile. Very accurate. He summoned his gunblade in gun-mode and aimed at the cactuar, the targeting reticle displayed by his glasses centering where his gunblade was aiming. He grinned, firing, only for the cactus to dodge around the blasts. After several seconds, he switched back to blade-mode and charged, the cactuar speeding around him.

"You're really annoying," Daniel grumbled. "Kind of wish Fang were here to deal with you."

Then, Lightning sped past the cactus, splitting it in half. It faded and she looked back at him.

"You're moving too slow," Lightning said.

"Right," Daniel sighed. "Come on. Let's go find these ruins."

Lightning nodded and they began to make their way through the desert. As they walked, Daniel's mind drifted back to his first adventure with Lightning. He missed those days. Back when everything was simple. And when Lightning had emotions, even if not much more so than now at times. At random times, they'd be attacked by a cactuar, or a gorgonopsid, but nothing excessively dangerous. Finally, they stopped at a massive stone ball with several glowing orange spikes sticking out of it.

"Let's rest a minute," Daniel said. "It's about to be six anyway."

Lightning nodded, leaning against the ball.

"Lightning," Daniel said, Lightning looking over at him. "You really...you really don't feel anything?"

"No," Lightning said, staring out at the dunes. "No apprehension, no fear, no worry. Nothing. Sorry. I'm sure it isn't easy for you."

"Don't worry about it," Daniel sighed, pushing himself up. "I blame Bhunivelze. And I'll be setting things right soon enough."

"You mean you're going to-"

An alarm suddenly sounded and Daniel set a hand on Lightning's shoulder as they were teleported back to the ark. Lightning walked over to the edge of the platform, holding a hand to her chest where an odd symbol was glowing.

"Give the Eradia you've gathered to Yggdrasil," Hope said. "Pray."

"Prayers are for gods," Daniel said, as Lightning sent a glowing sphere of Spirit Energy at the tree, the tree absorbing it as a flower at the end of one branch bloomed.

"Bhunivelze
is
God," Hope said.

"No, he's a monster," Daniel said. "He cares nothing for humanity and he cares nothing for the world. All he wants is to have something to serve him."

"We should get back," Lightning said.

Hope nodded after a moment, and the two of them walked back to the teleporter, green light blinding them.


Read and review.

>