

The Big Turn Around

Chapter one- Dilemma

Lucy's POV

It was a typical Tuesday except this time we're in California still Ricky's movie got shelved but now he needs an agent and I have a plan to get him one I call MGM and schedule an appointment to see the boss I walk into the building and put my plan into action

Sectary: Mr. Sherry, Mr. Ricardo's agent is here to discuss Mr. Ricardo's contract

Mr. Sherry: Yes send her in

I am let in to the office there is a warn sense of warmth in there

Mr. Sherry: Welcome Miss…

Me: Mgillacuddy

Mr. Sherry: Thank you

Me: Yes I would like to talk about my client Mr. Ricardo

Mr. Sherry just gives me a blank look

Me: why are you looking at me like that?

: Mr. Ricardo doesn't have an agent

Me: why of course he-

: is that you?

My eyes go wide

Me: no are you mad man?

: well are you?

Me: no

: I know your eyes anywhere

Me: oh darn it I am so sorry Ricky just needs a job and I took it into my own hands to-

Mr. Sherry: Mrs. Ricardo, there are not many jobs for Ricky right now but we might just have a part for you

Me: that not.. Me little old me really oh you don't know how much this means to me oh please tell me about the part

: well Mrs. Ricardo if you sit down I will gladly tell you

I plop down is a seat and Mr. Sherry tells me that the part that is perfect for me is a new movie staring one of my all time favorite movie starts who I've already met none other than William Holden

Mr. Sherry: now I need to make sure that you are comfortable kissing bill

Me: oh of course why I've already kissed him

Mr. Sherry gives me a shocked look

Me: oh it's a very long story Mr. Sherry

: Well all that just goes well because you will be playing his wife in this movie

Me: I'll be playing Bill Holden's wife this is a dream come true oh Mr. Sherry you won't regret this

I rush out without saying good-bye but I was so excited to get back to the hotel to tell Ethel (my best friend) the big news i rush into her hotel room

Me:ELTHEl where are you?

Ethel: Lucy I'm right here how'd the meeting go

Me: I got a part in a big movie i'm going to be playing bill Holden' character's wife can you believe that

Ethel: Lucy that's huge but what will Ricky say when he finds out

Me:Oh my I never thought about that Ethel you know Ricky when he loses his temper he really goes all out for it

Ethel: and I don't want to be here when he does well good-bye Lucy

My best friend in the whole world Ethel Mertz runs out of the room without a moment's heisting that coward Ricky comes into the room

Ricky: Hello dear

Me: hello darling how was your day

Ricky: same old stuff look I don't know how much longer I can stand this and I can't stay in California for that much longer

Me: well dear I have some big news

Ricky: and what is that?

Me: Well...Igotpartinamovie

Ricky: Lucy say that a little slower

Me: well I got a part in a movie

Ricky: really honey that wonderful how did you swing that

Me: I posed as your agent but Mr. sherry realized it was me and offered me this movie deal and i couldn't refuse it

Ricky: YOU DID WHAT?

Me: now remember Ricky you said what I got was wonderful

Ricky: Lucy I'm not going to yell I'm just going to be happy

I flinch but then realize what he said

Me: you are how could you be so calm about this

Ricky: Well honey this deal is amazing now why don't you tell me about it?

Me: well okay I know is that I play Bill Holden's wife in it

Ricky: wow Bill Holden

>