


Hello people! This story is a sequel to 'Reality Can be a Terrifying Thing'. Sorry that it kind of took me a while to begin this fanfic, but I had to basically come up with the plot for the story. Well, I really hope you enjoy this story!



Disclaimer: I do not own Ultimate Spider-Man



Danny's POV


Chapter 1


"Do not be misled by what you see around you, or be influenced by what you see. You live in a world which is a playground of illusion, full of false paths, false values and false ideals. But you are not part of that world."—Sai Baba


6 months. It has been 6 long months since Lilith's passing and the team hasn't been the same since. Fury says that I'm like the glue that holds the team together, but after what happened 6 months ago, that glue isn't as strong as it's supposed to be… it's not as strong, but it's there. The team has changed. We were all dealing with a great amount of grief and because of that, we're all staying with Peter, like we did quite some time ago, in order to rekindle the strength of the team. Lilith wouldn't us to grieve the rest of our lives, I know because it was one of the last things she said to me. She wanted us to move on, and so respecting her wishes, we tried.

But we can't forget her.
I
can't forget her.

It's about 4 months into the school year. I was currently in science class. Coulson was giving another lecture, but I wasn't listening. I was too caught up in the memories of the old team, the 6 of us. It doesn't happen often because you can't dwell on the past and I try my best not to, but for some reason, today, all of my memories seem to be coming back to me all at once.

The lunch bell rang and that seemed to snap me out of my thoughts. "—and don't forget about the test next week!" Coulson finished his lecture as everyone gathered their things.

"Hey, Danny?" I heard Coulson say as I was about to leave the classroom.

"Yeah?" I asked turning around.

"You're usually so focused, but today you seemed a little out of it. Is something wrong?"

"No, I'm fine. Just haven't been able to meditate lately."

I was about to leave but then Coulson decided to speak again. "You guys have been dealing with the situation pretty well, so at this rate, things will become normal again soon."

"I sure hope so." I said before heading towards my locker.


I slammed my locker door shut and headed towards the cafeteria. I quickly got my lunch, then spotted Peter, Ava, Luke, Sam, Mary Jane and Harry at our usual table. MJ and Harry don't know anything about what happened to Lilith. For all they know, she transferred to another school far away and that we broke up shortly afterwards.

Peter and Ava never did become a couple. I suppose it was going to happen, but after what happened 6 months ago, it never did. Losing her best friend really took its toll on Ava. I guess they just need more time.

I set my lunch tray down and slowly began to eat. Suddenly Peter looked alarmed. "Uh-" he said while looking at Mary Jane and Harry. Obviously whatever he was going to say couldn't be said in front of them. Perhaps it was his spider sense? "What is it Peter?" MJ asked.

"Well, uh- Duck!" he suddenly said. The wall behind us was blown to bits in a matter of seconds. Peter was able to get Mary Jane and Harry out of the way in time, while the others and I reacted fast enough and were able to get everyone else near the blast out of the way in time.

When the dust from the blast cleared, we could see who the attacker was; the Rhino. The 5 of us quickly met up behind a table that was turned on its side, our backs facing the villain. "Not that I'm complaining or anything, but why is he attacking the school?" Sam asked.

"Probably to go after Flash like the first time." Luke said.

"But his attacks aren't aimed directly at Flash." I said pointing out the fact that Flash was so obviously hiding behind a garbage can and the Rhino's attacks were all over the place.

"What I want to know is how Alex got his hands on some more of his 'medicines'." Peter said using is hands as quotations.

A table was suddenly flung right above our heads and it smashed into the wall in front of us. "We can figure that out later. Right now we need to stop him!" Ava said.

"We need a distraction so we can change into our costumes." I said.

"I have an idea." Peter said before he jumped over the table we were hiding behind and called out to the Rhino, "Hey! Over here!" he said while throwing a tray of food at him. That seemed to get his attention because as soon as Peter got his attention, the Rhino started chasing him.

We took the opportunity to quickly leave the room and change into our costumes. In just a short moment, we arrived back at the cafeteria and lead the Rhino away from Peter to allow him to change as well. "Hey Skull-brain, don't you have anything better to do than attacking high schools?" Power Man said before attacking from behind. The Rhino roared in reply.

"Uh, I think that's a 'no'." Nova said before he attacked from the air. Spider-Man was back in just a few seconds, he used his webs to fling a table at the villain. "Nova! Iron Fist! Get everyone out of the building before this guy starts rampaging all over the school!"

"On it Webbs." Nova said and I nodded. We headed towards a small group of teens who were a little too close to the battle.

It wasn't taking long to defeat the Rhino. Even though he seemed a little more aggressive this time, we were winning. Nova and I had managed to get everyone out of the building, and then we immediately joined the rest of our teammates.

The 5 of us were in the middle of the battle when I saw something out of the corner of my eye. It was quick, but it looked all too familiar.
It couldn't be…
I thought.

I left the battle without anyone noticing and followed what I thought I saw without thinking twice.

I ran through the cafeteria doors and turned left down the hallway. There were a million thoughts running through my head, but I ignored them all. I had to find out for sure.

The end of the hallway grew near. The person I was chasing came to a halt and slowly turned around… and that person
definitely
looked familiar- from her wavy light brown hair to her sparkling green eyes.


"Lilith?!
" I exclaimed.



What do you think of the sequel so far? If you don't like it, it'll get better... hopefully. There's always room for improvement. Review please!


>