


Well guys, this is the last chapter. Warning, it is short, especially for the final chapter so I'm sorry.



Disclaimer: I do not own Ultimate Spider-Man, just my OC Lilith


Chapter 13


"

Love is the most ferocious and strongest force on the planet

" –

Greg Cipes


The wind blew gently through my light brown hair that was now almost at my waist. It's been two days since my memories were returned to me.

I suppose things are slowly starting to fall back into place. Shortly after I woke up and realized my memories were back, I discovered that my powers had returned to me as well. Fury says a few more days of training and I'll be allowed to go on missions again.

SHIELD even managed to erase Doc Oc's memories of each of our identities, so we can go on living our double lives in secret again.

Everyone's moods seem to be lifted. I've even noticed that Peter and Ava's relationship together seem to be finally going somewhere. If only they weren't both so stubborn about their feelings for one another.

I even explained how blowing up the nuclear power plant was just bait to capture everyone, which would've later resulted in their deaths through Doc Oc's horrifying experiments.

Something's been tugging at my heart ever since I recovered from my amnesia. It's the horrible realization of everything I had become. My brain was affected. I didn't have control in the way I thought or acted. I was still there, but it was like I was just… a puppet, being forced to become a supervillain rather than a super
hero
.

All of the crimes I committed in
his
name. I hurt my friends, the people I care about most in the world... my family. I know of everything that I've done, and I know that I cannot be forgiven. Out of everything that I've done, the worst is knowing that I participated in a crime that almost resulted in the deaths of my closest friends. It's the painful truth that's going to haunt me for the rest of my life.

I put them in harm's way countless times, not to mention I tried to kill them multiple times.

I can't forgive myself, so why was everyone so quick to forgive me?

A cold breeze made me shiver slightly. I ran my fingers through my hair before two strong arms gently wrapped around my waist and I leaned into them.

"I'm sorry" I whispered.

"For what?"

"Everything" I looked down. I felt myself being spun around so I was face to face with Danny.

"Lilith..." he lifted my chin so I was forced to look him in the eyes. "Nothing that happened was your fault. A lifetime of good is in no comparison to six months of evil. Ever since you got your powers, you've been using them to the best of your abilities, using them to help people."

"Yeah, but—"

"And you'll continue your life using them for good."

I hesitated, not knowing what to say. I tried to avoid his gaze, still feeling ashamed for what I had done to him. "Why was everyone so quick to forgive me?" I finally asked.

"That wasn't you. It was Doc Oc. He was controlling you and there was nothing you could've done to stop it. We know the real you. And you turning on Doc Oc was because his plan backfired. You overcame his power and—"

"I overcame his power with the intentions of committing more crimes, just without someone telling me what to do all the time."

He caressed my cheek with his right hand, "Lilith, listen to me," his eyes pleading. I made him suffer far too much pain, and I never want Danny to suffer because of me ever again. "You were being controlled, that wasn't you. But you're back now and we'll make things go back to the way they were... together."

I smiled, tears in my eyes. That's right. I've never had to face anything alone. From the fear of falling when I first learned how to ride a bike to battling your everyday supervillain, Danny's always been right by my side. I felt his thumb wipe away a stray tear that managed to escape my eyes before closing the gap between us. Both of us leaning closer until our lips met for the first time in what seemed like forever.

When we pulled apart he looked into my eyes as he said, "The hardest part when you came back, was keeping my distance from you. Even after you were gone, I still loved you. After all,
love never dies
."


Sorry if the last chapter seemed rushed, I'm not too good at endings. But thank you so much to everyone who stuck with this story till the end. I really appreciate it :)


>