


Authors Note
: This is the first time I have written fanfiction with the intent to post it in years, literally since like 2008. So I am a little nervous. I posted this on my Tumblr last night, in case you happened to see it there.


Overview:
This is an AU fic where Petra is a barista who has lost her way in life. She dropped out of college, without her father's knowledge and she's trying to figure herself out. Levi is training to become a soldier in a basic training program designed for those with the promising skill sets.

Levi is a regular patron at the café Petra works at. She refers to him subconsciously as "her solider" because she doesn't know his name even though she seems him every day.

They're both a little lost, but maybe together they can find their way.


Her Soldier (Rivetra AU)


Some days passed by like a blur; so fast she could scarcely remember to breathe. Other days trickled by so slowly she felt like she was suffocating because it allowed her mind time to wander and dwell where if should not.

Today was one of those days. She let out a sigh and leaned her elbows against the cool counter that neighbored the cash register.

She gazed out across the lobby before her. Cozy was the only word she could think of to adequately describe the space. The wooden walls reminded her of a cabin and it was filled with plush arm chairs.

The café was a comfortable place to pause and reenergize. It let people escape reality if only for a few moments.

That's how she'd found this place, it had saved her when she moved to this town and now it felt more like home than her lonely apartment.

chime

The door opened and shook the thoughts out of her head, forcing her to snap to attention.

"Good—" and she saw it was him. She swallowed the rest of her greeting and turned on her heels.

She grabbed a large cup and busied herself making his coffee. Behind her she could hear he'd reached the counter by the subtle shift of his wool coat.

She always began making his order the second she saw him enter because he always ordered the same thing. Their dance was constant. He came in, she made his coffee, and then he slunk away to the plush red arm chair in the corner. It was situated by the window that faced the base. No words were required in their transaction. She figured that was the way he liked it. When he'd first started coming in he would utter his order in a gruff voice with clipped words.

He did not invite conversation and she did not push it.

Turning back to him she held out his coffee. He took it and handed her the exact change for his order. Then he tipped her directly instead of slipping it in the tip jar, just like clockwork.

Their dance ended as he made his way to the back of the cafe, settling in to stare out the window in a contemplative manner.

She knows she shouldn't watch him but she couldn't help it.

There was something about his quiet demeanor. He had these tired dark eyes, clean cut black hair, and stiff posture. So much about him was dark and uninviting, but that just made her want to know more.

One thing she could say for herself was she had always a "people watcher". She liked the thrill of mystery.

He was a soldier, had to be with that air of discipline. Well, maybe he was a soldier in training. The army base across the way had a basic training program for only the most promising recruits— or so she'd heard, anyway.

Aside from that she couldn't really tell much about him. He was so quiet and private.

Her thoughts were once again interrupted by a line of customers; they kept her so busy that she couldn't watch her soldier which made her a lot sadder than she cared to admit.

By the time she'd served the two families, the lobby was full and she was exhausted. There were three small children running about the store and the mothers weren't minding them one bit. This caused her to purse her lips, she couldn't stand when parents let their kids run wild because they could easily trip and get hurt.

As if they universe had heeded her thoughts one little girl with brown pigtails bumped into the table near her soldier.

She gasped, watching the scene as if it were in slow motion. The coffee toppled over and he reached forward in an effort to stop it. But he was too late. It spilled all over the table and his sharply creased dress pants.

She was moving before she realized it, rag and cleaner in her hand. The mother of the child did nothing more than call he daughter to her, she offered no apology.

"I'm sorry." She said in her place, fighting back the urge to throw the rude women a scornful look. She knelt down beside the table and began mopping up the mess. "Would you like me to make you another coffee?"

"That won't be necessary, Petra." She stiffened. How did he know her name? Oh, name tag. Right.

"I need to get another rag." Petra announced, mostly to herself. Her soldier took the one she was using out of her hand and took over the mess.

"Grab two to be safe." He advised.

Why was she so shaky on her feet? Had his voice always been that attractive? She grabbed the rags from behind the counter and when she returned her soldier took the rags from her.

"I can handle this." He mopped off his pants and continued wiping down the table.

"But, sir— uh." She realized how awkward she sounded and looked down.

"It's okay." He said shortly and left no room for her to respond. She shifted uncomfortably but finally nodded.

She didn't know if she should stay or return to the counter. She found herself watching him spray the cleaner and meticulously wipe down the mess. At the end of it the table and nearby area all but sparkled.

Neat freak, she decided suddenly. He cleaned that table better than she ever had.

"Thank you." She said holding her hands out for the rags. He handed them over with a soft 'hmm.' Unsure of herself she turned and walked away.

"Petra." She turned and looked back at him. He was standing, returning his black pea coat to his shoulders. "My name's Levi."

"Levi." She said uncertainly, testing the waters with a nod as he began moving toward the exit. "Have a good night."

He paused, with his hand resting on the door handle. Petra could all but taste her heart, maybe she pushed her luck.

"You as well." He said shortly, exiting the lobby.

As she watched his back disappear she realized she couldn't hide the smile on her face if she tried.


Note
: I have all intents to continue this; I am already working on the next part. Don't be afraid to tell me what you think, also let me know if I made any typos I am a very sloppy with typing. Thanks for reading!

>