


Author's Note
:
The Time lord Consulting Angel
reviewed and said they wished they knew how Levi proposed and it got me thinking. I thought about going back and adding it to the epilogue but I was pretty sure no one would get the alert if I just updated the chapter so I decided to add it on this way.



Bonus: Proposal Scene


Petra was mentally and physically exhausted.

There was no other word to describe the heaviness weighing down on every inch of her body.

She was almost home.

Home.

The concept was almost foreign to her since she had been out of the country for so long now.

It felt even stranger because she was going home to Levi.

They would finally be living together. Come fall they would even be working at the same base. She could hardly imagine being able to spend time with him without all the worry.

Life had been dangerous for them both during their active duty, they both had more close calls than she cared to think about.

But it was behind them both now.

They'd served their time.

They had made it through and now Petra was looking forward to what civilian life had in store for them.

As they plane reached closer to home Petra thought she would be more nervous, it'd been almost a year since she'd seen Levi, but her exhaustion seemed to be quelling her nerves.

Even as the plane touched down her only thought was how ready she was to get out of her combat boots.

As she hit the lobby she looked around.

It felt like she wasn't really there, surely this had to be a dream, but then her eyes found him and suddenly nothing else mattered.

It was like all her exhaustion melted as they met each other half way. Levi lifted her up in his arms as hugged her impossibly tight.

"Welcome home." His muffled voice was strained.

"I've missed you, Levi." She looked down at him with a teary smile.

He gently set her down and their lips met in a tender kiss.

When she pulled away she noticed her father and Levi's parents were standing off at a distance along with Petra's uncle, aunt, nephew, and several of her cousins.

Just as she smiled and started to move towards them Levi tightened his grip on her hand and fully recaptured her attention.

"Petra." He sounded formal and his face was so serious that it made Petra nervous. She scrunched her face up in confusion. "There's something I'd like to ask you."

He stepped back, never letting go of her hand as he knelt down on one knee before her with a small velvet box in his hand. Her free hand flew to her mouth in surprise as Levi began to speak.

"Over the past five years I've learned a lot of things about the world and the people in it. You became a bright spot that changed me in ways I didn't think was possible. I almost lost you once." She shuddered as she remembered the close call a few years back. "But now you're home for good and I'll be damned if I'll let you slip out of my sight again. Petra, will you marry me?"

She knew if she opened her mouth to speak she would cry harder than she already was so instead she nodded. Once he slipped the ring on her finger and stood up to pull her against him she couldn't help but cry happily into his shoulder.

She could hear her father whistling and the faint sound on Levi's mother weeping quietly. She lifted her head off his shoulder and smiled.

"I love you, Levi."

"Were you surprised?" He asked with a hint of a smile on his lips.

"Completely."

At this point, their family had completely surrounded them. Petra was handing out hugs left and right.

She'd never felt more warm and complete in all her life as a flurry of "Congratulations!" and "Welcome home!" passed through her ears. The love was overwhelming and quickly worked to heal her tired soul.

She was so glad to be home and surrounded by love.

It only took her a moment to realize that she had gotten exactly what she wanted out of life: She was happy and so was everyone around her.



Note
: I swear you guys are such a motivation inspiration to me. Your reviews have moved me so much, thank you for everything.

>