



Hello my little readers! You probably clicked on this story because A) You were scrolling along and thought it would be interesting, B) You follow me as an author or C) It was suggested to you. Fingers crossed for C!





Well this is my fifth Pitch Perfect fan fiction (One was a sequel to another) so any tips or ideas are more than welcome.





This story is about thirty two year old Beca Mitchell. Twelve years ago she left Barden University, the Bellas and Jesse. To this day she knows it was a mistake but she's found her new life.





Without further ado, I present: What Twelve Years Can Do.







What Twelve Years Can Do




Beca:

I smile fondly up at the colorful handmade posters posted on the old tack board above my desk. They all ranged from 'I love you Ms. Mitchell!' to a picture of a space cat. You really couldn't judge their artistic abilities; they were only in the sixth grade.

That's right, I, Beca Mitchell, am a sixth grade teacher.

I taught History and Language Arts and my partner teacher taught Science and Math. Our two classes switched at lunch time and we would re-teach our lesson. It was a nice, the sixth graders were sweet, sweet kids who actually really liked me. I guess being vertically challenged had its advantages.

Twelve years ago, I would have never imagined myself in this position. If you asked me then what I would be as an adult, I would have said a music producer. But after over a year and a half of that not working, I decided to move on and be realistic for once.

My father helped me into teaching and after six years of school online from my LA apartment, I was certified to teach. I decided to start out with sixth grade (meaning I thankfully got a job teaching sixth grade) at a private school (kindergarten to eighth grade) that actually paid alright.

After two school years of that, I decided that is where I wanted to stay and that's where I still was now. The beginning of the school year was three days away and I was preparing my room for this year, starting with not tearing down any of my posters from last year made by my wonderful students.

I would be getting a new teacher for the students switch class today and I was excited to meet him or her (I didn't actually know anything about him or her). Whoever it was it would be an improvement over the last teacher who was a sixty something year old religious nut who tried to convert everyone around her.

When I was forced to work with her, it made me wish that I hadn't quit college at Barden and the Bellas. It made me wish for another life where it wouldn't have mattered if I didn't succeed at producing music because I would be with my girls still and even more importantly, Jesse.

Jesse and I had continued to go out following the big kiss after we won the finials for the next year and a half. For once I was happy, I had my girls and I had Jesse. It was after the second year that I left of LA.

Why, you may ask. I left because my dream wasn't going to happen if I stayed at Barden.

Jesse and everyone else was staying there and soon enough Jesse and I would be really serious and eventually we would be married with a white picket fence and be pinned down there with an un-followed dream of being a producer. Most people would love that but I was not normal in the least. The whole thing just freaked me out and so I did what came naturally to me, I ran.

I left behind my new family with nothing but a handful of notes. One note for Jesse, of course, and one note for Chloe, Aubrey, and one for all the Bellas. They would be better off without me anyway, even if they hated me for leaving. For the girls I also left behind an envelope with five mixes stored inside for them to use of they wanted.

I missed them terribly sometimes and other times I was so busy with my work that I couldn't spare them a thought. But most of the time I just missed them.

No one knew where I was and I wanted to keep it that way. I knew it was a mistake to leave them but it had made sense at the time and I couldn't take it back. I can't even remember how it made sense to me then but alas too much time had passed to even say sorry.

But my dream went un-followed anyway but I found and was living another. I loved my life here and my students, especially my favorite student; Bella. Maybe it was because her name was named after the Barden Bellas that I liked her. Or maybe it had something to do with the fact that Bella was my daughter.

That's right she's my daughter. Who's the father you may ask? Well I have only been with two guys in my life. One was my high school boyfriend who I hadn't seen since graduation when we broke up. Two being none other than the nerdy, juice pouch loving weirdo that I had left behind before I knew I was pregnant.

After leaving I received so many messages on my phone from the Bellas and Jesse begging me to come back. I had left the notes because I knew they would be that way. After my third day in LA, I threw my phone away and bought a new one.

After I left I applied to many places before I knew I was pregnant. After I knew and my stomach began to grow, my interviews came and I guess being pregnant is a turn off to record labels.

She was born June fourth, and was now eleven years old. She had a slightly off version of my dark hair but it was curled naturally in chocolate brown ringlets (all Jesse right there) down to her waist. Her eyes were my bright blue and she had the same angle of face as me and my cheekbones but Jesse's smile, big eyes and colored skin.

She always saw the upside in things and was always happy and smiling her beautiful smile. She was incredibly smart and creative, always drawing beautiful things and painting on canvas I occasionally had enough extra money buy her.

She was also incredibly talented, she had a beautiful voice, it seemed to be half Jesse's and half mine, almost like s throaty version of my voice. She, even at her young age, had an amazing vocal range also and we would just walk around the house sometimes singing verse by verse, lyrics to songs that we liked.

She went to art classes on Saturdays and had hockey practice twice a week, on Tuesdays and Thursdays. She was a talented skater and better yet one of the best on the team. Hockey was usually a male sport and she was the only girl on the team but she could honestly not care less. She loved it and so she did it.

She was in my class this year and depending on how it went I may or may not follow along and teach seventh grade next year.

In the big closet I had in my classroom she stored a cool chair she liked made with bungee cords, a couple pillows and a blanket, a collection of things to keep her occupied as well as a mini fridge filled with snacks. We had some long nights sometimes.

We lived together in a three bedroom apartment, (with our third bedroom turned into my office) and we didn't need anyone else. She had asked who her father was before and I simply told her that he wasn't here but we didn't need him. She liked that answer and since then everything has been great. I had her and she had me. (…We also had a kitten named Muffin; I was left out of that decision).

A single bell noise dings in my room and a voice comes over the intercom. "Ms. Mitchell your new teaching partner is in the front office" says the front office lady.

"Alright, I'll be there in a minute, thanks" I call loudly, shuffling papers on my desk and fixing my hair before I go to meet the new teacher.

I compose myself once more before opening the door and striding confidently down the hallway towards the windowed main office. Through the windows I catch sight of someone who was going to make my whole life a whole lot more complicated.

Jesse Swanson.

He looked good, even after twelve years. He had grown an inch or two and had gained a lot of muscle tone, as well as a stubbly beard along his chin. His childishness was still obvious in the way he carried himself but with his strong angles chin he was actually incredibly sexy. His easygoing nature still radiated off of him but there was also something else. He seemed a little more reserved as he talked with the front desk lady and there was something about his smile too that wasn't quite right. My Jesse had grown up.

After exchanging a few more words with the lady he was talking to, he takes his seat in one of the many open chairs lining the windowed wall. His back was facing me so he could see me and I had time to run.

But that was what I always did, run, so instead I straighten confidently and open the door.




Thoughts? I hope I can portray the characters in their twelve years older form well but pointers and suggestions are always welcome. How do you like Bella? (Yeah I know it's my name but Bella is after the Barden Bellas, it seemed like something Beca would do). I hoped you liked it and if you did please leave a review! Thanks for reading!





~Bellabear~



>