



The Indolentor



"Ugh...what the hell?" Connor groaned getting off the ground before looking around to see he was in Bowerstone Castle, "the castle? But...how did I-?"

"Father!" Travis voice called as Connor looked over to see Travis running up to him.

"Your back! How was your adventures?" Travis asked.

"Travis...no" Connor said taking a step back, "this isn't right."

"What's wrong father? Are you okay?" Travis asked.

"You're not my son" Connor said.

"What are you talking about? Of course I'm your son, you been acting very funny since you came back from the new country" Travis said as Connor formed a light spell in his hand.

"If you are who you say you are then this won't hurt! LIGHT!" Connor said hitting the creature with the light as it screeched and in the place where Travis stood was a creature with long arms with claws and wore a mask like the creatures of the Void.

"Thought to fool me huh? Get out of my way!" Connor yelled stabbing his sword into the creature as the castle around him vanished and he fell from the air and onto a platform and looked to see he was on a Cullis Gate like device but with eight circles around it seven on the outside and on in the center and in the seven were crystals floating above each circle and where Connor stood was a shattered crystal.

"What the hell is this?" Connor said approaching another crystal and in it saw Kyle asleep inside "Kyle?!" Connor gasped seeing all his friends captured in each crystal.

"Hold on!" Connor said pulling out his sword and prepared to swing.

"Don't!" a man said as Connor saw a villager.

"Why?" Connor asked.

"If you shatter their dream crystals they'll die" the man said.

"How do you know that?" Connor asked.

"Because the demon called the Indolentor stole my body and been using it to walk in the day, I've seen all he's done" the man said.

"How do I free them then?" Connor asked.

"You were able to overcome the illusions of the dreams the Indolentor placed now it's up to your friends to do the same or you can try and enter their dreams."

"Enter the dreams huh?" Connor said touching one of the crystals, "how the bloody hell am I supposed to do that?"

"I don't know, you're the Will User" the man said.

"Gee thanks for your helpful advice" Connor said sarcastically before closing his eyes and focusing his thoughts on the crystal then found himself standing in the Crucible Arena first room, "oh so it was that easy...Kyle! Where are you?!"

"RAHH!" Kyle yelled coming from above with his hammer swining at Connor.

"WHOA!" Connor yelled dodging as the hammer smashing where he was previously standing and Kyle looked over to him wearing his Iron Mask from the old days, "WHAT THE BLOODY HELL YOU THINK YOUR DOING?! YOU COULD HAVE KILLED ME!"

"That's the point" Kyle said pointing his hammer.

"Uh Kyle it's me, Connor? Your cousin? WE BLOODY SAVED ALBION TOGETHER!" Connor said.

"The bloody hell you talking about? I don't have a cousin" Kyle said.

"Uh yeah you do, Kyle none of this is real! It's a dream! An illusion! Now snap out of it before Madison finds out and kicks your ass!" Connor said.

"Madison...I know that name. Ugh my head feels like someone bashed my skull with my own hammer" Kyle groaned gripping his head.


"

What are you waiting for Iron Fist! Slay your opponent to move onto the next round!"
the voice of the voice announcer Wolf Fang yelled.


"

Yeah slay him! Thousands are watching
!" Charlie said.

"Come on Kyle even you're not stupid enough to fall for this trick" Connor said.

"Ugh I can't think straight!" Kyle growled throwing off his mask.


"

Kill him!"
Charlie yelled as Connor pulled out a gun and fired at the two announcers and shot one in the head as the two turned into the mask creatures from before.

"They're not Harbingers these are something else from the void" Connor said.

"You creature thought I'd let you live after toying with my mind huh?" Kyle said with a dark aura, "NOW YOU SHALL SUFFER THE WRATH OF MY VENGEFUL STRENGTH!" Kyle yelled charging at them with his hammer.

Connor than cautiously took a step back watching and cringing with each swing of Kyle hammer and hearing every bone of the creatures breaking and their hisses before smashing their skulls and Kyle let out a sigh.

"Never piss of a guy with a huge war hammer" Kyle sighed before Connor notice he was starting to fade.

"Kyle! You're fading!" Connor said approaching.

"Huh? What the-?! Connor, where are you going?" Kyle asked before vanishing.

Connor world then shifted before ending up back on the device and watched Kyle crystal shatter.

"What happened to Kyle?" Connor asked the villager.

"My guess he's free now but this Dream Realm is like a maze he could be anywhere but now that he's free from the Indolentor clutches he may come here next" the man said.

"Okay so I just got to wake up the others" Connor said approaching Julie crystal and like before ended up in her dreams but unlike before it was dark, "wait I know this place..." Connor said with wide eyes remembering this was the Shadelight Dungeons.

"GO AWAY!" Julie screamed as Connor looked in all directions.

"Julie?! Julie talk to me!" Connor called.



"



The hero has come to join us

!" the voice of the Nightmare spoke as Connor eyes widen.

"Please stop!" Julie cried as Connor spotted her in the middle of the room on the ground holding her hands over her ears and with her eyes shut, "just go away!"

"Julie wake up! It's not real! The Nightmare gone!" Connor said approaching and was sent flying back by a wave of Will energy that came of Julie.

"Jacob where are you?!" Julie cried.

"I guess that day really scared you, Jacob mentioned you still have nightmare" Connor groaned getting up and hearing the Nightmare laughter.



"



Watch her squirm under our darkness!"



"Julie listen to me" Connor said holding out his hand ready to block any will energy, "it's just a nightmare! You need to wake up, you need to remember what we came here to do! Your family waiting for us back home but we can't go back till we stop this new evil."

"Connor?" Julie spoke opening her eyes and Connor knelt down.

"Don't be afraid, it's just a nightmare and you can beat it! You know how to fight back you're not weak! Remember who told you that!" Connor said.

"Jacob...he said I was stronger than I gave myself credit for" Julie said standing up, "I will not let you run my life!" Julie yelled holding out her hand and launched a powerful Inferno spell and hit what appeared to be the Nightmare before hearing the hiss and the darkness around them brightened and the creature appeared.

"So it was just a nightmare but why are you here Connor? What is that creature? Julie asked.

"The Indolentor he's done something to us, were in a dream realm and I am trying to wake you guys up from this spell and it looks like those creatures are the ones who keep your trapped here" Connor said.

"If that's the case" Julie said with a growl and held out both her hands in the creature direction "Blades!"

Several blades then stabbed into the creature before it collapsed and the world around them began to shift and Julie began to vanish.

"Connor! Wait don't go!" Julie yelled before vanishing and Connor returned to see Julie crystal shatter.

"I can feel the barrier protecting the Indolentor weaken" the man spoke.

"That's a good thing than" Connor said approaching another crystal and found himself transported into Silver dream and in it they were in Reaver Industries Secret Laboratories.

"You shouldn't be here human" Silver spoke from inside a cage.

"Silver! So this is your nightmare buddy? Being back in this horrible place?" Connor said.

"Silver? That's not my name, I don't have one" Silver spoke.

"Silver it's me, Connor. We been together for years and it was ten years ago we met boy, you can't forget me, I won't let you, you stubborn old mutt" Connor said as Silver growled.

"Who you calling a mutt Connor?!...wait I remember...ugh my head hurts" Silver groaned as Connor turned to see two of the creatures appear.

"Don't worry Silver I got this" Connor said breaking the lock on Silver cage and drew his sword approaching the creatures.

"Force Push!" Silver yelled sending one of the creatures slamming into the wall as Connor smiled to see Silver growl and stand by his side.

"So you beasts think you can mess with my dreams huh?! You're dead!" Silver yelled pouncing onto the fallen creature biting into its neck while Connor sliced his sword into the other creature.

"I knew you figure it out" Connor smiled.

"The Imprinting helped" Silver said licking the blood off his lips, "BLAH! Their blood taste disgusting!"

"Imprinting?" Connor said seeing Silver begin to vanish.

"Connor! Connor wait!" Silver called before vanishing and Connor was returned to the device to see Silver crystal shatter.

"Nearly there only three left" the man spoke.

"What happens after I free them all?" Connor asked.

"That center piece is a door, once your free your friends it will open and you can enter and taken on this demon" the man said.

"Fine by me" Connor said entering another dream and found himself in a dessert and spotted Jacob in a large hole he dug to shade himself.

"Jacob?" Connor spoke.

"Go away, I'm training" Jacob spoke.

"Training for what?" Connor asked.

"It's classified information" Jacob spoke again.

"You mean Assassin training for the creed?" Connor asked as Jacob climbed out and approached Connor by grabbing the collar of his shirt.

"How do you know about that?!" Jacob growled.

"I know more than that" Connor said using a counter move to remove Jacob arm and pin it behind his back, "I know that none of this is real, it's a dream Jacob you need to remember how you ended up her, you need to remember Julie and your child."

"Ugh!" Jacob growled trying to get free than stopped, "that name I know it...ugh my head feels like a haze."



"



Leave him

!" one of the creatures hissed appearing.

"I got this" Connor said releasing Jacob and approached the creature only to see a Phantom Blade hit the creature neck and turned to see an angry Jacob.

"Where is that demon?!" Jacob growled.

"We'll see him soon, you need to find Julie and the others" Connor said as Jacob began to vanish.

"Wait Connor!" Jacob said vanishing and Connor returned to see Jacob crystal shatter.

"Okay next one" Connor said approaching the next but it shattered before he could do anything.

"Who was that?" the man asked.

"Madison...I figured she wouldn't fall for any tricks, looks like that leaves Rene" Connor said entering Rene dream to see her Rene being back into a corner by a lookalike of himself.

"THE HELL IS THIS?!" Connor yelled approaching and shoving the doppelganger away from Rene.

"The the-?! Connor?!" Rene said looking between the two.

"Don't be fooled Rene! He's a fake!" the other said.

"What?! I'm the real thing! You're the fake!" Connor yelled.

"Okay I got a way to settled this!" Rene said pulling out one of her guns.

"So do I, when he birthday day?" Connor smirked looking to the clone.

"Uh..." the clone said before Rene shot him in the forehead and he fell over.

"…you didn't let him even answer?" Connor said.

"I figured he was a fake, his smell was way off I was waiting to get him in a weak point but you saved me the trouble" Rene shrugged.

"See you soon" Connor said as Rene began to vanish.

"Oh not again!" Rene groaned as Connor ended up back at the gate to see the last gem shatter and the center open up a light shooting to the sky.

"Once you step in your in his domain, in the dream realm he's at his strongest" the man said.

"We can handle him" Connor said.

"We?" the man said.

"My friend and I, we'll make this guy pay" Connor smiled before entering the gateway.

Inside Connor looked around to see he was on a walkway and floating around him was more gems each filled with dreams of people.



"



You got some nerve"

the Indolentor spoke as Connor saw the massive figure rise ahead of him,

"you dare to challenge me?"



"Hell yeah we do!" Connor yelled as the others appeared behind him.

"Thought you could keep us sealed away in dreams and nightmares huh! But guess what pal you failed!" Kyle growled.

"Messing with us was a foolish mistake you will regret" Jacob spoke.

"We won't allow you to taint the dreams of others anymore!" Julie spoke.

"I can't wait to kick your ass" Madison smirked.

"Get in line I got first shot" Rene said loading her guns.

"Not after I fry his mask!" Silver growled.

"Let's go Indolentor!" Connor said as the demon growled.



"



Fine, I was asked to leave you unharmed but it seems I'll have to ruff you all a little bit!"

the Indolentor growled slamming his fist on the platform making it shatter and sending the heroes scattering through the room.

"WAHHH!" Connor yelled crashing into a dream gem and held on and saw his feet were floating, "it's like there no gravity."

"Meaning you can't fight like you want to!" the Indolentor said appearing and swatting Connor and sent him smacking into another gem.

"Gah! Oh you're going to pay for that!" Connor growled seeing the Indolentor flying towards him but two bulets hitting his mask made him stop to see Rene floating and firing at him.



"



Your bullets have to effect on me

" the Indolentor chuckled.

"No but I know what will!" Connor growled launching himself off the gem and at the demon forming two light spells in his hands and slammed them into the Indolentor hourglass, "LIGHT!"



"



RAAHHHH!"

the Indolentor roared flying back gripping his chest.

"Kyle!" Jacon yelled from and gem and motioned him in Connor direction.

"Oh got ya!" Kyle smirked looking to Silver and Julie.

"Wanna give me a push?" he smirked.

"Okay!" Silver said forming a Force Push spell in his mouth with Julie charging on in her hands.

"Now!" Kyle yelled jumping out in their direction.

"Force Push!" they yelled sending Kyle flying towards Connor.

"Let's go cuz!" Kyle yelled swinging his hammer that Connor used as a step and catapulted him at the Indolentor.

"Light!" Connor yelled punching the Indolentor chest with the Light spell.



"



RAAAAAAAH!"

the Indolentor roared as the hourglass shattered and a flash of light engulfed the heroes and they all awoke lying on the ground in Pinevale village.

"Ugh my head" Connor groaned getting up to see the Indolentor lying on the path trying to get up with speaks of himself flying off him.

"He's dying" Julie spoke seeing the sun rising.



"



Yeah...you killed me but this victory will be bitter sweet indeed in the end"

the Indolentor spoke as the suns light hit him and he turned to ash leaving his mask behind that shrunk down to human size and hit the ground.

"His mask" Kyle said picking it up.

"Don't wear it!" Julie warned.

"Why?" Silver asked.

"Creatures from the void could only pass through to our world as masks if worn by humans they can create their own bodies here, that how Jack and the Court of Blades got in control. Poor souls wore the masks and became slaves to it" Julie said.

"Keep it, it'll make a nice trophy" Madison said.

"Stuff like that should be destroyed" Jacob spoke

"You worry too much, I'll keep in under bullet proof glass with a lock and key" Kyle said placing the mask in his bag.

"It seems Light was an effective spell on him but will it work on the other ones?" Rene asked.

"Maybe won't know till we encounter them" Connor said.

"We may have been asleep but I am still tired" Silver yawned.

"Yeah let's check in at the tavern and rest up for a bit" Jacob said.

"I just hope Travis doesn't encounter on of the Arch members" Rene spoke.

"So do I" Connor nodded.

A.N. WHEW! I have been away for far too long! Work been kicking my butt! But here a new chapter gonna post another one as soon as I get it done and as always if you liked this chapter please Review (nice things please) and hope to see you for the next chapter!

>