


[Hello. A few quick notes before you begin reading:


You don't have to read this first entry for the rest of the entries to make sense. I originally put it here to give readers a bit of information about what they were reading before diving in, but I don't think that this first journal reflects the tone of my fanfic as a whole very well. For now, I believe that the next entry may be the best place to start, so you can jump ahead right now if you want. I'm going to change the entry for April 11th soon enough, though I'm not sure how exactly I would phrase things, so I'm just keeping it here for now. There's more author's notes stuff at the bottom (older author's notes that are still relevant). Thank you!]


Vriska Vulpix's Journal:


April 11th

My name is Vriska and I am a wild vulpix. I am young, love adventures, and like cute things. Recently, I have decided to start keeping a journal, mostly to self-reflect as I've heard that self-reflection is good for a pokemon's soul or something like that. At least that's what one of Sparky's many girlfriends told me (I believe her name is Ampereta). She also said that it's one of the ways in which many domestic pokemon can express their thoughts and feelings without being judged. No harm in trying it, I suppose.

So there's not really a whole lot happening right now. Baxter is still shy, aloof, and sad, Tonto is still doing crazy-water stunts and being a trouble-maker, Sparky is still a computer genius who can woo females by the score, and Appy is as eccentric as ever.

I haven't been able to work up the courage to ask out Chi yet (she's totally gorgeous oh Arceus)... Maybe I will someday, but for now I'm too afraid of ruining the friendship that we already have... I don't even think she's lesbian and it would sound weird to ask...

The mating season has ended recently, which is nice. I was getting a bit tired of having to feel guarded all the time. The weather in mid-April is great, too. It's warm, but it's not too warm, there's a slight breeze sometimes, but it's never chilly. It rains sometimes, but the water from above is cool and refreshing. Baxter, Tonto, and I played a lot in the April and May rains of last year. I wonder if we'll do that again this year. It's rained twice in April, so far, and I've only played in the rain with Tonto once. It was exactly six days ago and it was just like old times. I got super wet! Rita says it might rain again tomorrow (she of all pokemon would know), so I'm pretty excited about that. Perhaps I should hang out with Baxter again. I haven't done that in a few days, and who knows, maybe playing in the rain will cheer him up.

I think that Ampereta was right. Writing in a journal is really helping me express my feelings and I should probably thank her whenever I see her again (it probably won't be for a few weeks, though). Right now, I'm feeling a bit tired. The possibilities of tomorrow excite me and I can't wait to see what adventures it has in store for me. So I'm gonna power down the laptop Sparky gave me, close my eyes, and sleep in my homely cave. Good night.

[
Hello again. A few more author's notes:
This is basically a story about Vriska's life (or at least part of it) told through a collection of journal entries and is in no way connected to the author's. I'm just starting this, so the story phase is kind of in its infancy. The story takes place in the pokemon world [I haven't decided which region yet] and most of the main characters (if not, all of the main characters) will be pokemon. Anyway, right now I want some beta readers to help me with this. If anyone is interested in beta reading, comment on the story or send me a PM. Thanks.]

>