


I. I'll Be Home For Christmas (Alone)


It had been just about the worst December ever, which was certainly saying something, given that Ianto had worked for Torchwood for several years now and had experienced more than one strange and unusual Christmas.

The Rift had been cruel, running them ragged chasing after aliens, space junk, and another sad resident for Flat Holm for almost seventy-two hours straight. With a mere eighteen-hour respite predicted for Christmas, Jack finally sent the team home late Christmas Eve. Gwen kissed him on the cheek and practically ran out the door. Both Tosh and Owen offered to stay, but Jack insisted they leave, telling them there was nothing for them to do anyway, so they could at least get some rest for whatever the Rift threw at them next. Owen snorted, since he did not sleep anymore, and Ianto couldn't help but feel somewhat sorry for him.

To his surprise, however, Owen turned and offered Tosh his arm, suggesting they head to a nearby pub where she could get a drink while he accompanied her. She accepted with a smile, and Ianto watched them leave, glad they were not spending the night alone.

"You should go too, see your family," said Jack, throwing himself down on the sofa and letting his head fall back. Ianto crossed his arms over his chest as he leaned against a nearby column, watching Jack with a slight twinge of concern; it was not often that Jack let exhaustion get to him. He wondered something else was bothering Jack, though he doubted he'd ever find out.

"That's tomorrow," Ianto finally replied, somewhat dreading Christmas at his sister's house. It was crowded and noisy, and he always had a hard time dealing with questions he couldn't answer and teasing he had only half a heart to return. He hadn't even gone last year, owing to Lisa's death; he couldn't bear their pity and had spent the day alone in his flat until he'd called Tosh to come over for an improvised dinner, a bit too much wine, and some much needed laughter.

"I'm happy to stay if you need anything," he added.

Jack nodded in understanding and motioned for Ianto to join him on the sofa. Ianto raised an eyebrow and sat down next to him, sinking wearily into the sofa's cushions; three days of non-stop Rift wrangling was exhausting.

"I gave up on Christmas a long time ago," Jack said softly. "You shouldn't. Go home, get some sleep, and I'll try not to bother you if anything comes up."

"I don't mind—" Ianto started, but Jack shook his head.

"You deserve a normal holiday," Jack interrupted.

"Torchwood doesn't do normal," Ianto murmured, and he caught Jack rolling his eyes.

"Then you deserve a break before our normal kicks back in."

"Is that a break from you or from Torchwood?" Ianto asked innocently. This time Jack offered a small smile in response.

"Both, I suppose. Take it when you can get it, as they say."

Ianto was silent. He didn't particularly want to spend the night alone, but he almost felt as if he was being dismissed. Maybe this was Jack's way of saying he needed a break himself, as unusual as that was. It was understandable, considering just how hectic their schedule had been and how much time they had been spending together. So Ianto tried not to take it personally, but found he wasn't sure how to leave, given Jack's mood: a hug, a kiss, a quick shag on the sofa? Finally he just nodded and stood up, trying not to groan as weary muscles protested.

"Happy Christmas, Jack," he said, and Jack glanced up at him, exhaustion and sadness written plainly now across his face.

"Happy Christmas, Ianto," he replied. He seemed about to say something more, but stopped, so Ianto pushed him, knowing Jack would never say it otherwise.

"Was there anything else?" he asked directly yet gently. Jack stood with him, hands tucked awkwardly in his pockets.

"Can I come 'round yours tomorrow?" he asked, not really meeting Ianto's eyes, as if he were embarrassed to even ask. "Maybe in the morning sometime?"

Ianto smiled and stepped closer to finally kiss him. "You're always welcome, Jack. You don't even have to ask. Just ring me first so I can get rid of my score."

Jack's eyes went wide for a moment, until he understood that Ianto was joking. Then he growled and pulled Ianto close for a longer kiss that was impossible to resist.

"Sure you don't want to come back now?" Ianto breathed when they pulled apart. Jack laid his forehead against Ianto's.

"It's tempting, but I'm really used to spending Christmas alone," he murmured.

"You don't have to," Ianto said, once again feeling Jack's deep sorrow—not to mention the man's solid stubbornness.

"It's better this way," Jack said, stepping back. He kissed Ianto on the cheek this time. "Besides, I want to see what happens in London this year; apparently they've all left the city. So go, before I change my mind."

"Call me if anything comes up," Ianto said. As an afterthought, he let his gaze travel down Jack's trousers and winked. "And I don't just mean Weevils."

Jack laughed for the first time all day and pushed Ianto toward the door. "I will, I promise. And I'll see you in the morning."

"All right, Jack, all right." Ianto laughed as well, though he was still disappointed to be leaving alone. "We said no gifts, though, right?"

"I haven't had time to go shopping even we had decided to exchange something," Jack admitted sheepishly.

Ianto nodded in agreement. "Me neither. I'm glad I ordered David and Mica's gifts online. I wouldn't have anything otherwise."

"It's been a long few days," Jack murmured, stifling a yawn.

"It's been a long month," Ianto replied. "Are you sure you don't want to spend the night? Real bed, real food, real Christmas tree?" He was hoping Jack would change his mind, though he knew how unlikely it was once Jack had made a decision. Jack laughed once more as he light-heartedly pushed Ianto toward the door.

"Stop asking. I'll be fine. Get some rest, we all need it."

Ianto held back a sigh. "I know, and I will. Have a good night, Jack."

"You too," said Jack. Ianto was almost to the cog door, about to head up to the tourist office for his coat and gloves, when Jack called out. "Ianto?"

"Yeah?"

"Thanks for the invitation," he said softly.

"You should take me up on it," Ianto replied, holding Jack's gaze. The other man closed his eyes before opening them with another sad smile.

"I'll see you tomorrow. Good night, Ianto."

"Good night, Jack."

With a sigh, Ianto left the hub. He'd be home for Christmas, but unfortunately, he would be alone.



Author's Note:


I started this before the holidays, but with so much traveling, I never had a chance to finish it. You have no idea how much it bugs me to not post a Christmas/New Year's story on Christmas or New Year's. Never-the-less, I am going to post it because who knows what next Christmas will bring? I hope you enjoy this better-late-than-never tale of Jack and Ianto's first real (and only) Christmas together. Thanks for reading and Blwyddyn Newydd Dda! Happy New Year!

>