


A/N: So… I've been posting a lot of stories nowadays and I know I'm slow in updating but I can't help it! The ideas are popping one after another inside my head and it will drive me insane if I will not write it! So here it is another One Piece Fic!



Summary: AU, He was just doing a favor so how the hell the favor became a responsibility for the rest of his life! See how Trafalgar Law's world turned upside down when the three brats entered his life.



Title: Daddy is the New Title



Warnings: Lot of OOCness



Author: gdesertsand



Disclaimer: I do not own any anime, manga or songs!



Chapter 1: Disaster


Trafalgar Law, one of the most renowned doctors in New World City, is drinking his morning coffee with contentment. After months of hectic schedule in the hospital a day off is really nice. As long as his friends will not interrupt this fine mornings of his, and why is that?

When his friends know that he has a day off they will come barging into his house asking to go out with them or just pissed the hell out of him.

One of the people that irritate him the most is his best friend and enemy, Eustass Kidd. He does not know if he was in his right mind when he
befriends
the man. Aside that he was helpful since the red hair is filthy rich just by owning a huge steel company, everything about Eustass Kidd screamed trouble. How did they meet? Well it was those times in their college days. Law understands that he could finish his studies in medicine in a short time since he is a genius and he was proud of it. The only thing that he could not understand is why Kidd is in the same year as his when they were in the same age? Yeah Law skipped a few years but Kidd? Surely money talked for the guy. That thought in his mind Law and Kidd always at each other's throat.

Everything changed when Kidd was very drunk and Law was forced to drive him home because the red haired friend's, Killer, is drunk also and already went to dreamland. Law was sure that he saw the sign turned green so it was the other bastard driver's fault when came out of nowhere and hit his car. The next thing he knew was that he was in a hospital and was out for a month. There he saw Eustass Kidd beside his bed, sitting on a chair and asleep. He discovered that Kidd took care of him for the days he was unconscious. It turns out Law received the most damage while Kidd got out with a missing arm and was replaced by a prosthetic. It kind of looks like now of what you call automail in the anime 'Fullmetal Alchemist'. This event opened up a door to Law's mind and he discovered that despite from Kidd's look the man is really intelligent.

Now back to the present, yes, he will appreciate it if no one will disturb him today. With this in mind he went back to bed not minding that he is wearing his favorite yellow and black shirt with a hood and pants that has dots designs that was supposed to be for outdoor activities. Earlier he wanted to go out but the thought of someone he knows might see him completely made him to erase that on his list. Sleeping is the best thing to do right now.

Yeah, sleep sounds good.

So he closed his eyes and prepared to be brought in a peaceful slumber…


Ding dong!


Law's eyes snapped open at the sound of the doorbell. His luck really sucks at times. No, most of the times actually. So what else to do? Ignore them.


Ding dong!


Ignore them. They will grow tired and think that he is not at home.


Ding dong! Ding dong! Ding dong! Ding dong! Ding dong! Di-


Finally…they went away.


Click!


Law immediately sat down on his bed as he heard the clicking of key in his door. It can't be… the only person who has enough guts (and talent) to have a duplicate of his house key is…

"Lawsy~ I'm home~" cheered of a man's overly joyful voice.

Great, another red hair that he does not want to meet.

Heaving a sigh and knowing that he could not escape this situation Law went out of his bedroom just to make sure that man will not ransack his fridge…or his wine collection.

"What is it, Shanks-sensei-ya?"

Shanks was Law's professor during college in World History but the man quit being a teacher after Law graduated and now is working as a crime scene investigator. The man loves adventure even though said adventures is dangerous.

"Lawsy! Good morning! And how many times will I tell you stop calling me 'sensei'?" Shanks said with a pout.

"Old habits die hard." Was all Law said as he went downstairs to meet the man. That is until he saw three kids around Shanks. He hoped what he was thinking is just a figment of his imagination, "Uh…who are they?" he pointed at the children.

"Oh! They are my kids! Sabo, Ace and Luffy!" he said proudly as he pointed at his children.

The one named Ace is glaring daggers at him.

The Sabo kid is waving at him with a smile.

Luffy just stared at him with pure curiosity.

"Congratulations, I didn't know you have a wife." Law commented with a mock enthusiasm.

"A wife?" Shanks stared at him like Law told him he had an interest in crossdressing, "No! I adopted them."

"Huh?"

"I found them three years ago in the streets and adopted them." Shanks explained as he ruffled Luffy's hair and the kid giggled at the show of affection. "Ace and Sabo are both ten years old now while Luffy is seven."

"Pleasure to meet you." Law said to the children, "I'm sorry but why are you introducing them to me?"

"Well…" Shanks smiled at him sheepishly, "I heard you have a day off for three days."

"Where did you hear it?" Law narrowed his eyes. Knowing Shanks he probably-

"Er…I hack in your hospital's computer system?"

-did it in an illegal way. Damn the guy serves the government but he is acting like a rebellious teenager by doing illegal things. Except drugs and human slavery or anything that is inhumane.

"Great," Law muttered, "So what now?"

"I'm going to be out of town for three days and no one will be left to take care of the kids."

"I told you dad, Sabo and I could take care of ourselves and we could take care of Luffy also. It's only three days after all." Ace tried to argue with his father. It looks like he does not want to stay with Law and the doctor agreed with him full heartedly.

"That's right dad! Besides he looks creepy!" Sabo said as he pointed at Law.

The nerve of that brat… if only he does not want to be stuck up with them he will scare them until they lost all the blood they have.

"Now, now, Ace, Sabo, you both know that I don't want you guys alone in the house."

"Then why didn't you call Makino!" Ace complained.

"Makino-chan is sick." Shanks answered with patience. If Law is in his place the guy already throw the child in the ocean. See? This is the reason why Law didn't apply as a pediatrician.

"Then how about Ben-san?" the blond one asked.

"Ben is in a business trip."

Watching the scene Law decided to lean on the wall and yawn a little. He didn't notice that the youngest approached and stared at him with curious eyes.

"I like the drawings on your arms." Luffy suddenly said that gain the attention of everyone.

"…the drawings…on my arms?" Law asked the child.

"Yes! It looks so cool! Though I don't know the word written on your finger?" Luffy pouted a little at this.

"Uh…" Law does not know how to respond to that. Should he answer? Wait, is he supposed to explain the word to the child. After all, his tattoo is DEATH and he has enough rationality that Shanks will be angry at him if he will tell the child the definition of the word.

"Dahahaha! It looks like it is settled then!" Shanks cheered.

"Luffy!" Both older brothers shouted at the younger.

"What? I like this guy." Luffy said back to his brothers and it earned with a bump on his head as Ace hit him with too much force.

"Idiot! Shanks wants us to stay with that creepy guy!" Ace said as he blamed the stupidity of his younger brother.

"That hurts Ace!" Luffy cried at the pain he felt.

Great, now Law will be stuck with three brats for three days. Luck wherever you are you will be dissected into tiny pieces.

"Ace, don't hurt Luffy too much!" the kid named Sabo reprimanded.

"But Sabo, now we are stuck with Mr. Creepy Guy!" Ace voiced his complaint.

"It is just for three days, Ace." Sabo reasoned out.

"Whatever." Ace said as he took hold of Luffy's hand, "You," he pointed at Law, "Don't touch my brothers."

The nerve of this child… he just indirectly accused Law as a pedophile.

"Where we will be sleeping?" Sabo asked Shanks.

"Hmm…if I remember correctly Law has a spare room for patients." He thought for a moment, "Can it be used for the mean time?" he directed the question at Law.

"If they do not hate the scent of disinfectants and alcohol then it's fine." Law answered. Which is he was sure the kids hates the said scents. Of course! Every kid hates the smell of hospital!

"Eh?" Shanks was dumbfounded for a moment. That will be a problem. Luffy hates the scent of alcohol while Ace and Sabo hates to be reminded of having to stay in a hospital. Even though the house of the doctor is not a hospital that room could be called an extension of the work place of the surgeon.

"Fine, you owe me one Shanks-ya," Law said as he saw the puppy dog eyes of his former world history teacher, "They can sleep in my room. I will sleep in the living room."

"Thanks!" Shanks exclaimed, "All right you three, behave while you are in here okay?"

"Hai!" Luffy answered with enthusiasm.

"Tch!" Ace is still not happy at this arrangement.

"Okay." Sabo answered in a soft tone.

"Wait," Law tried to get the attention of the red hair, "You are dropping them off now?"

"Of course! All their stuffs are in the bag and..oh! Before I forgot." He pulled out his wallet and handed his credit card to Law, "Use this for shopping of foods, Luffy and Ace after all has a black hole as their stomachs, dahahaha!"

At least he has enough decency to pay for the food of his children so Law accepted it immediately. If what Shanks says is the truth then he will be a poor man after three days if he will use his own money.

"Okay bye!" then he ran off before Law could utter a word.

Now he was left with the three brats.

"Who wants breakfast?"


^_^ x..x..x…x..x..x…x..x..x…x..x..x…x..x..x… ^_^


As it turns out Shanks was not kidding when he said that the two kids eat a lot. Well it is true in Luffy's case, Ace is still wary of him. Good thing he learned how to cook by Sanji's teachings. The curly brow blond got tired at seeing him eating take out foods that he forced Law to memorize each recipe that he handed to the doctor. Talk about being a dictator. Still it turns out as good thing since he could save more if he was the one doing the cooking.

Now back to the appetite thing, Luffy is a black hole. Always asking food for every damn hour!

"Traffy!" Luffy called the attention of the doctor. Law introduced himself to the three and the two older brothers got his name right but Luffy can't pronounce it! Will he be stuck in the ridiculous nickname forever?

"Luffy-ya, my name is Trafalgar Law. Tra-fal-gar not Traffy!" he reminded the boy. He will not let himself to be stuck at the name at all!

"Oh…right…" the boy said, "Traffy!"

Damn it!

"Luffy!" Ace scolded his brother, "Stop it already!"

"But I'm hungry Ace!" Luffy complained.

"We just ate lunch an hour ago." Sabo said as he joined the conversation.

"But it was already an hour!" Luffy reasoned out.

"Stop complaining already! You are causing trouble for everyone!" Ace said without a second thought and it hurt the boy.

It looks like Luffy wanted to cry but tried to suppress it in a pout, "O-okay."

Talk about feeling guilty. The sight of the boy is making Law to give him what he wanted. This is another thing why he hates kids. They have ways to make you feel like you are the worst criminal of the century.

"Do you want me to make pancakes as snack?" he asked them.

At the mention of food Luffy's face brightened up,

"Yes!"

"Then you need to help me." Law said to the boy. Might as well used the extra energy the kids have, "You two also."

"Why should we help?" Ace, the ever untrusting one, said with suspicion.

"There is a saying 'When you are in Rome do what the Romans do.'" Law said to the boy.

"Traffy, we are not in Rome." Luffy said as he was confused what just the older guy said.

"It is a saying Luffy," Sabo explained, "It means when you are in someone's place you got to do what they are doing also."

"Oh! I get it!"

"Good, now help me in making the pancakes." Law said as he prepared the ingredients.

"Whatever."

Ace smirk at this, he is pretty sure that Luffy will make a mess and Trafalgar will be forced to shoo them away from the kitchen and his little brother didn't disappoint him as the doctor tried to teach Luffy how to mix the ingredients with less strength. The child is practically making a shower of pancake mix!

"Mix it gently Luffy-ya, be sure that it will be smooth enough to put in the pan okay?"

"Okay, Traffy!"

"Trafalgar."

"That's what I said."

Law sighed; there is really no chance to make the kid pronounce his name right. He glanced at the other two boys who are mixing the ingredients in their own bowls.

"How about you guys?" he asked them.

"I'm almost done!" Sabo said, who knew making pancakes is fun!

"I'm done…" Ace said with disappointment. This didn't go unnoticed by Law.

"What's wrong Ace-ya?"

"None of your business." Ace said as he turned away.

"You really hate me do you?" Law asked but he already knew the answer to it, "Don't worry, I'm already used to it." He said as he went to the stove to start heating the pan. He just didn't realize that he caught the attention of the kid as he continued his murmurs, "Sometimes I wonder why I'm even alive."

Ace eyes widened at this. Could it be…this man and he have something in common.

"I'm done!" Sabo said.

"Me too!" Luffy shouted.

"Okay, now wait until I cook them."

"Hai!" with that the three kids went to play for a while as they wait for the pancakes.


^_^ Trafalgar Law! ^_^


"What do you think you are doing, Akagami?" cold voice echoed around the room and Shanks flinched at it. He was caught in the act by his partner again.

"Trying to see what drinks they have?" he replied as he looked at the golden eyes that gives him a silent scolding.

"We are in a crime scene and the first thing you do is to open a refrigerator?" Dracule Mihawk said. Why is he stuck in an immature guy? Yes, Shanks has the knack in investigation he has a great observation abilities that can be in par with Hawkeye, name that Dracule earned in years of being in service.

"I'm investigating!" he was, really! The apartment is in a disaster who knows there might be evidence in the machine that stores food and drinks? After all the answers are in places where you least expected them to be.

"Then why are you holding that wine?" Mihawk stated as he raised an eyebrow.

"Alright, alright, you caught me." Shanks admitted as he returned the bottle inside the fridge, "Man! This room is a real disaster." He commented as he walked and inspected the body of the victim, "So who's the guy?"

"According to the reports his name is Buggy also known as Buggy the clown." Mihawk answered as he read the files handed to him while they were in the office. The victim was shot three times. One in the heart and two in the stomach.

"Dahahaha! I already figure the clown part! Look how he wears that red thing on his nose!" Shanks clearly has no respect to the dead body, "But why kill him?"

"Isn't that the reason why we are here?"

"Of course!" he agreed as he started rummaging at the papers on the desk while Mihawk went to the other parts of the apartment.

After hours of looking around they found some disturbing evidences.

"He has a lot of passports which is suspicious enough and it looks like he has some illegal transactions…" Shanks muttered as he read the files, "Hawky! What did you find?"

"Enough to tell me he is involve in a large syndicate." Mihawk said, "But it seems he wants to get out of the organization and confess to the authorities."

"Why?"

"I found a case of illegal drugs underneath his drawer, a child's trick but enough to keep things like that." Mihawk then put a worn out book on the table where Shanks is, "Besides it looks like he knew he will be silenced so he gave a hint for us."

Shanks opened the book and scanned the pages. It was just a simple novel but in each page the words crocodile and flamingo were circled or highlighted whenever it appears.

"I have a feeling we have a very serious and dangerous case in here." Shanks said with his unusual seriousness, "But you do know this is not enough as evidence."

"Though it is enough to send some people to look out for them." He argued back.

"That's what I like about you Hawky!" Shanks cheered as he went out of the apartment followed by his partner

"Stop calling me in that name, Akagami." Mihawk said in a stern voice.

"Hai~ Hai~" Shanks clearly not going to do what was requested to him, "Hey, Hawky!" see? He is a very annoying person even for Mihawk's standards, "I'm going to buy some drinks and foods. Why don't you go ahead?"

"Are you sure that is a wise decision? You're going to walk alone while in a case?" yes, that's how dangerous it is because anytime the culprit might silence them investigators and erase whatever clue they have. Though Mihawk is strong, his title as the greatest swordsman is not for nothing.

"I can take care of myself." Shanks pouted and put his puppy eyes, a technique he learned from Luffy.

After looking at the pitiful look of the red hair Mihawk finally caved in,

"Fine, just don't take too long."

"Yay!" and he run off as fast as he can.

Is Shanks a kid stuck in an adult's body?

Immature as he is, Shanks will not let an opportunity to pass if he was allowed to have fun. He believes that he must live without regrets. One thing he knows because he knew he could only live once. He knows what death in a very young age.

His background is not that heart wrenching. He was an orphan and never really bothered to find his real parents. He has great friends that he considered as family after all! Then when he was a qualified member of the society he decided to be a professor. There in One Piece University he met very unique students.

If he will name them it might take a whole day. One of them is Trafalgar Law, the brat has sadistic tendencies whenever dissection is involved but he made Shanks life interesting. Especially the fight between Law and Kidd was highly amusing so consider his surprised when news reached him that the two became best friends. Bonds can be made in different ways it appears. Of course he will not forget Sanji who was a great cook and Mihawk's little brother, Zoro, who has the same passion in swordsmanship.

"Thank you very much, please come again." The girl in the cashier said as Shanks paid.

This time he made sure to buy something for Mihawk because he knows the man is angry at him at running off like that. Waiting for the sign turn green he stared at his watch. 11:45 A.M. it says. Good thing he bought a variety of lunch along with alcoholic drinks of course. He was crossing the street when he heard a loud screech and screams. The next thing he registered is pain. He feels that it's getting difficult to breathe and his heart is beating in a much slower pace than it was supposed to be. Then…nothing…

"SOMEBODY CALL AN AMBULANCE!" someone shouted.


^_^ Poor Shanks…. ^_^


Trafalgar Law is having the major headache of the year. Keeping three energetic kids turned his house in a disaster with his things littering in every room. The brats think it's fun to play pirates inside his
house!
His supposed short days became too long and finally it is night.

He thinks Ace wanted to make his life Hell while he was in here.

Luffy will make him tired in cooking.

Good thing Sabo is interested in books so he has no problem with that.

At last night came and kids are finally asleep. He was about to fall asleep on the couch when he heard his phone rings,

"Great, my off days is ruined!" he exclaimed as he answered the device, "What?"

Whoever it is on the other end that person was not unfazed by Law's snappy voice,

"Is this Trafalgar Law?" the voice asked. No matter how emotionless it may sound Law could hear a hint of distress.

"Yes, it's me."

"How are you related to Akagami Shanks?" was the next question.

"A friend…I guess. Well he was my professor back in the past but since he quit I think we're just ordinary friends." He answered not liking what is happening.

"Is his kids with you?"

What?

"Look mister, what do you want? Why are you asking me about Shanks-ya's kids?"

There was a pause…

"Akagami Shanks was hit by a car and now his body is in Red Line Hospital. Doctor said he was dead on arrival."

What?

"Look you bastard, whoever you are this is not a funny joke and I will fucking tear you to pieces with a scalpel if you continue this sick humor of yours." Law threatened. It is impossible that what he just heard is the truth.

There was a sigh…a desperate one.

"I wish I'm just joking also but sadly I'm not. My name is Dracule Mihawk, his partner."

There was a pause again…

"…I'm really sorry… I was not there when it happened…" but it was not heard because the phone already slid off Law's hands as he processed the information.

Shanks…

Dead…

He just met the man this morning to drop his kids and now he is dead?

How will he tell this to the man's children?

The news that their father is…

dead…





DEATH…



He didn't know that there will be a time where he wished the tattoos on his fingers are not there at all.


A/N: So…what can you say? I know the characters are a bit OOC but I don't like to think that Law is a manipulative bastard most of the times. Well he is STILL manipulative in here but in a much proper way…I guess…



Anyways! Don't forget to LEAVE A REVIEW PLEASE!


>