


Important Notice For Those Who Are Waiting For Me To Update My Fics!


Okay! For those who are still waiting for me to update my One Piece fics then I apologized to all of you but it may take a really, really, really, really,
really,


really

, long while for it to happen. You see, I got addicted to Hetalia and can't get out of the fandom. Then I am currently focused on my studies. Also, I forgot how my One Piece fics supposed to happen so it may take me a while to remember it. But! I'll give some stories of mine that will surely be updated or not in the near future!


Daddy is the New Title:
I may be able to post the final chapter of this someday but the sequels were another question and have a chance of not being posted but I still will try if I can.


Corazon the Clown Doll:
Okay...for this one...I seriously forget how this will go on... I mean, I can't remember what was I thinking when I wrote the first chapter! But rest assured that I will not abandon this because when I read the first chapter again I said to myself "Hey, the idea was not that bad I guess...Let me think about it."


Phoenix's Sorrows
and
Regrets of the Past, Amends of the Present:
Both of these were first posted in my AO3 account under the same name. It was a series under the title of
'Memories of the Past, Steps in the Present'
. I also what stories will follow this first two. But! I know I still have something to write in PS and RotP,AotP so these two might be updated in the near future.


My Sick Heart:
...Might not be continued and if I can't remember how the story should go then I might delete it.


Haunted Freedom:
...Might be rewritten or deleted or can be put up for adoption


In these Blood Drops we Start to Crumble:
...Might be rewritten or deleted or can be put up for adoption

For those who are waiting for my
other

fics
to be updated (Ao no Exorcist, D Gray Man, KHR, and Eyeshield 21) well...those might have a chance of not being updated anymore. It might be deleted or if there are people who are willing to adopt them then send me a PM.

>