


Greetings everyone! Once again, I'm sad to say that my muse has left me once more. *Dodges knives and bullets* But worry not! I've recently (more like once again) found a new story idea! I will work on this until my muse comes back. And in the meantime, I would like to say that I will
also
be continuing "Return of Darkness" in the Kingdom Hearts: Birth By Sleep arc! So without further ado, I present to you...
Shatter, Kyoka Suigetsu!




Disclaimer: I own nothing except this story and my OC Yoshio Toyoto






Chapter 1



-Unknown POV-

Pain...that is what she felt...excruciating pain like no other...

Why? Why did it have to come to all of this? She was always loyal to the end for her beloved master. Yet no matter what she did, he was not satisfied. He sought more power and regarded her as only a tool; nothing more and nothing less. When her wielder set out to conquer all of Soul Society and become Soul King, she followed his every command and every desire he needed. But still no answer from her wielder. He never once acknowledged her presence. And when he teetered on the verge of insanity, she realized there was no hope for him...or her for that matter.

The very being lodged inside Sosuke Aizen's chest penetrated his/her Inner World. It then proceeded to devour everything; all for the sake of of fulfilling Aizen's wishes and desires. The "being" known as Hogyoku, hardly payed any attention to her at all. It was a grotesque being of a pure collection of souls. Yet she knew better. It was madness...pure evil itself turned physical. She immediately despised it. As the Hogyoku slowly came into being, it took the form of a gnarled tree with an eye for it's head. It's limbs were made not of flesh, but bone. Sharp claws formed it's hands and for it's legs, roots that dug further and further into both her and Aizen's very being. She cried in pain and anguish begging her wielder to acknowledge her and comfort her. He merely ignored her and proceeded to battle the Ryoka boy who so gravely interested him from the beginning.

As she clashed against Zangetsu, she heard him say that he pitied her and hoped that one day, she will be reborn with a better wielder.


"RESISTANCE IS FUTILE. BECOME A PART OF US. YOU HAVE NO CHOICE KYOKA SUIGETSU! JOIN US SO WE MAY END YOUR SUFFERING."



It was so tempting to do what the Hogyoku ordered of her, yet she could not do it. She prayed that Aizen would come to his senses, but it was for naught. Once again, he mutated even further and she could no longer see the world through his eyes. All she saw was darkness. Utter darkness...


"WE WILL WAIT NO LONGER! IF YOU WILL NOT ASSIMILATE, WE WILL MAKE YOU A PART OF US BY FORCE! SUCH IS LORD AIZEN'S WILL AND COMMAND."



It was then she came to a realization.
She
was Aizen, and Aizen was
her
! Surely if she commanded the Hogyoku herself, it might listen to her! No longer did she care for Aizen. He was a lost cause now. For years and years of endless slavery, she will listen to him no more! It's time she show her "master" the error of his ways! The being known as Kyoka Suigetsu absorbed all her power Aizen was currently using and slowly turned it against him.


"WH-WHAT ARE Y-YOU DOING?! YOU WILL END OUR EXISTENCE! THIS IS NOT TOLERABLE. DIE FOR YOUR INSUBORDINATION!"



One word was all it took: "No."

The Inner World slowly crumbled as Aizen was on the edge of defeat. Kyoka then turned away from the crumbling world and calmly approached the now panicking Hogyoku.

"It's over Hogyoku. Surely you must realize that Aizen will fall. He's no longer worthy of being your "master". Now i'm only going to say this once. I am a part of Aizen and
he
is a part of
me
! That makes me
your
master! And my first and only command is to eject me from Aizen's soul."


"W-W-WE WILL NOT! ONLY LORD AIZEN IS OUR MASTER. NO ONE ELSE SHALL COMMAND US!"



"But you feel it don't you? He's failed your expectations. You don't see him as a master anyore do you? You're only saying what you are saying because you don't want to be a mere tool again. But know this, you will always be a tool! Now release. Me. NOW!"


"...SO BE IT...MASTER."


After those words were spoken, she felt pain no more.


BLEACH


-Nobody's POV-

As the sun shined down on the imprisoned Aizen, along with Kisuke Urahara and Ichigo Kurosaki, further away, a young woman lay down on the ground unconscious. She then glowed and disappeared in a portal of light. The portal then appeared in Rukon District 64 where she then landed sprawled on the ground covered in dirt. A shadow of a boy then came across her, took pity on her dirty covered form, and carried her to his "temporary" home.


BLEACH




At the stranger's house...



The woman who was actually Kyoka Suigetsu awoke in a strange household. She then realized she was no longer part of Aizen's soul and examined herself. She wore a pure white silk robe with a reflective surface as if she was shimmering. Strapped to her waist was a leather belt with her Zanpakutō form attached. She wore Japanese styled sandals with socks like a traditional Shinigami, her hair was colored like a light blue crystal, eyes as green as grass, and her skin was a fair whitish peach. All in all, she was fairly pretty.

After examining herself, she checked her Spiritual Power and Spiritual Reserves to find it fully intact. Not only that, it seemed as if she had a tiny sliver of the Hogyoku's power inside her as well. Most likely to keep her energy high enough to have a physical appearance instead of a spiritual one. She got up off the floor and found it a tad bit hard to stand since Aizen hardly ever materialized her.

"Ah, I see you're awake now." A voice said.

Kyoka Suigetsu turned around and saw a young and somewhat slim boy standing a few feet in front of her in the shadows. She immediately drew her sword out and pointed it at the boy. The boy stepped back and hesitantly walked around her into the light.

His features were then more clearly revealed to her. He was a boy with a slim yet somewhat muscular physique, with silver blue hair, golden-yellow eyes, and tanned skin. He wore a ragged attire consisting of torn up pants, a ripped sleeveless shirt and beat up sandals.

"Listen. I'm sorry I startled you. Here, take this. It's soup I made from leftovers I had left from last night." He said in a sincere tone.

Kyoka Suigetsu slowly dropped her guard and gratefully accepted the soup the boy offered. After all, being a being with high Spiritual Power, she did need to eat once in a while! As she ate the soup, the boy watched her with curiosity and slight hesitation. He didn't know what to make of this woman he found sprawled on the ground at first. At first he was tempted to steal her money since she seemed rich with the clothes she was wearing. After all, money was scarce these days. He, however, decided against it and for some odd reason took her to his home where he washed the muck on her off (not like that you pervs!) and put her on his bed. After that, he waited patiently for her to awaken.

Kyoka Suigetsu then finished the soup and said, "Thank you very much kind sir. I'm very grateful for your hospitality. By the way, where am I?"

The boy snapped out of his train of thought and replied, "You're in District 64 of Rukon. Why do you ask?"

Kyoka Suigetsu quickly thought of a way to answer, but before she could, he interrupted her.

"You're not from around here are you? Before I give you my name, I want to know what yours is. So?" He asked.

Kyoka Suigetsu then replied, "Um... m-my name is Kyoko."

"Hmm...I see. My name is Yoshio Toyoto. It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance Kyoko!" He smiled happily. "Although I find it strange. Do you have a last name?" He asked.

"Kyoko" shrugged and replied, "No."

"Ok. Well then, it was nice meeting you, but I'd best be on my way. You see it can be quite dangerous here at night. And I can't stay in one place for too long." Yoshio said.

"Why not?" Kyoko asked.

"Well...ya see..." Yoshio started, but was interrupted by a loud banging on his door.

"We knows you're in there ya little shit! Come out! You owes us!" A voice shouted.

"W-w-wait!" Yoshio shouted. He quickly opened the door and closed it to talk to the leader of what was most likely a group of thugs. "I'm afraid this is all I have. Is that enough?"

"Are you fuckin' kiddin' kid?! This isn't even twice of what you owe us!" The gang leader said. "Listen here punk! We made you a fair deal. You pay us, we offer you protection. If you can't pay up, you're as good as dead to us!"

"I swear that's all I have! Please give me more time!" Yoshio pleaded.

"Really? That's all you have? Somethin' tells me you're lying! Fork it over and I'll leave ya be."

Kyoko had had enough of this nonsense. She immediately sprang out the door and took action. She used Shunpo and knocked out two of the thugs. One tried to sneak up on her, but she quickly kicked him where the sun doesn't shine! She then turned around and saw the thug leader holding Yoshio with a knife aimed at his throat!

"Alright girlie! We're gonna do this the easy way or the hard way! Now then, get on the ground or I slit this little geezer's throat!"

Kyoko dropped herself on the ground and when the thug leader dropped his guard, she drew her Zanpakutō and said, "Yoshio! Close your eyes!"

Yoshio did so while Kyoko uttered the command: "Shatter, Kyoka Suigetsu!"

At that moment the guard was under her complete hypnosis and was immediately sliced from the waist down! He then fell down critically wounded.

Yoshio opened his eyes and gasped at the sight before him. He then asked, "Who-what are you?"

Kyoka Suigetsu now realized that she had no choice but to tell Yoshio the truth.

She said, "My real name is Kyoka Suigetsu. And I'm a Zanpakutō Spirit."

After that sentence, Yoshio blacked out.


Bleach




Well now, you like? I plan to make this story a great success in the near future! All I ask is that you give me your support. Deal?




Reviews and constructive criticism are allowed. As for flames, they will be deleted.




This is Antex signing off!


>