



A/N: some more content from the book in here, but obviously I've added my own stuff :) hope you like what I'm doing, I haven't been hearing much from you lately! I need feedback! Please? :)





Ended on a "cliff hanger" but this chapter is a bit longer and I wanted to get this chapter up.





Hope you enjoy! xx





Let's Hurt Tonight


Katniss sat on the examination table, nervously twisting her hands. She had a sinking feeling of what her test results would be, and the pit of dread in her stomach only felt like it was getting bigger.

The doctor had taken her blood, and told her to wait just a few moments before he'd be back with the test results. According to the clock on the wall, it had been four minutes.

The door opened again, and Katniss noticed how grave the doctor's face was. He handed her a piece of paper, but she just stared at it blankly.

"Miss. Everdeen, high levels of human chorionic gonadotropin were found in your blood," the doctor said. "In other words, you are pregnant."

The word rang in her ears. The paper slipped from her fingers. She felt numb.

"You experienced some bleeding, which isn't uncommon, but you have nothing to worry about. It most likely happened from the egg's attachment to the uterine wall."

Katniss rubbed her forehead, trying to process what was happening. "Okay. Um, Doctor, please. I don't want anyone to know." She tried to conceal the desperation in her voice.

"Oh, don't worry. Doctor-patient confidentiality." He said kindly, patting her hand. "If you have any more bleeding, please come see me."

Katniss nodded, but how would he be able to help her once she was trapped in the Arena?

"But the Games…" she started, but didn't quite know how to finish.

"Unfortunately, I don't think you will be exempted from competing."

Katniss looked at him in shock. He let out a sad sigh.

"Perhaps if you were further along, things would be different, but you are only barely a couple weeks pregnant. What is developing inside you now is only a few cells, as opposed to a growing fetus."

Katniss was appalled. She didn't know what to think, let alone how to feel. She guessed that if no one could visually detect that she was pregnant, then the Capitol didn't care. They especially wanted her dead, anyway.

"I'm sorry, Katniss." The doctor said gently. "Well, we're all done here. I can send in your fiancé if you like."

Katniss nodded and the doctor left. The door opened a moment later and Peeta walked in. The apprehension on his face made her heart clench.

"Hey, are you okay?" he asked in concern. He cupped her face in his hands.

She had to tell him, but it was going to break his heart. More than it broke hers.

She stared up into his eyes, and seeing the amount of worry in them pushed her over the edge. Tears filled her eyes and she let out a shaky breath.

"Peeta, I'm pregnant." She said, tears slipping down her cheeks.

"What?" he asked, looking absolutely shocked. She couldn't bring herself to say any more, and she pulled away to bury her face in her hands so she could try not to sob. "Oh, Katniss." He murmured. He pulled her against his chest and rested his cheek on the top of her head. She pressed her face into his shirt and her hands clung to his back.

After a few minutes, the tears stopped and she felt numb once again. She pulled away from Peeta's embrace, but he kept his hands on her waist as she wiped her wet cheeks with her fingers. She blew out a deep breath before she looked him in the eye.

"They won't take me out of the Games."

Peeta stared at her. "What?"

"I'm just a couple weeks pregnant, so it apparently doesn't matter." She said, looking down at her hands.

"Are you serious?" Peeta started angrily. "That's insane. There's- there is a… life growing inside you." His tone became less angry and more amazed. He took her face in his hands again and tilted it up so he could look in her eyes. His eyes were glassy.

"Katniss," he said affectionately, "there is
life
growing inside you." An awestruck expression took over his face.

She was surprised to feel more tears slipping down her cheeks, but these weren't sad tears. Katniss found herself smiling, and Peeta wiped away her tears. He leaned down to kiss her.

Her hands came up to cradle his face, and she deepened their kiss. A moment later she pulled away and wrapped her arms around his neck. Peeta pulled her tight to him and buried his face in her hair.

"I love you so much." He said.

Katniss squeezed her eyes shut. "I love you, too."


They had gone up to the roof to spend the rest of the day in peace. They were on one of the couches, and Katniss sat in between Peeta's legs, with her back and head pressed against his chest. He was resting his hands over her lower stomach, and her hands were clasped over his.

"It's cruel." Peeta said suddenly.

"That's the way of the Capitol," was all Katniss said.

"No, I mean… a few months ago we were afraid that you might have been pregnant, but you weren't. But now, you are. The odds are… insane. If you really were pregnant before, it could have saved you now." His voice was quiet.

"I don't want to be saved if you're not saved with me." Katniss said, softly but firmly.

"I know we agreed to die together, but things are different now." His thumb ran back and forth over her lower abdomen. "We've got a third party to consider."

Katniss pulled his hands away and turned around to look at him. "I told you before, Peeta. I don't want to raise our baby without you."

"I know, Katniss. But it doesn't seem that we have a choice now." He was looking at her carefully. "If I'm going to die, I want you and the baby to be safe."

"Snow is out to get me. The chances of me being the Victor of these Games are
so
small. If I'm going to die, I don't want it to be at the hands of that twisted old man."

Peeta's eyebrows furrowed slightly. "You're responsible for two lives now, Katniss. Don't you even want to
try
?"

"No!" she said quickly, and louder than she intended. Peeta looked slightly taken aback. She felt her eyes start to water. "I can't- I can't do this without you." She buried her face in her hands. "Peeta, I'm so scared. We're so young, and in less than two days we're going to be in an arena full of people who want to kill us."

She scrubbed her hands down her face, and inhaled deeply before she dared look Peeta in the eye. "I can't lose you if I'm going to have this baby." She took both of his hands and leaned in closer. "
Our
baby."

His gaze softened and his hands squeezed hers. "God, I wish things were different." He murmured. "The only way I think that my death would have any meaning would be if I was doing it to save you and our baby. I don't want to leave you, but that's out of our hands now. There won't be two Victors again. I can accept my death knowing that you could raise our child and-"

"In what world?" Katniss cut in. "There are uprisings in the districts, and it's my fault. Snow wants me dead for it. Do you think he'd just let me waltz out of the Capitol after the Games and leave me to live the rest of my life in peace? Don't you think he'd try to hurt our child to get to me?"

Peeta sighed brokenly. "So, our baby won't make it by any means, then."

Katniss frowned at his tone. He sounded eerily rational. "Peeta, that's not-"

"Then what are you trying to say?" he asked sharply.

She stared back at him blankly, unable to find any words.

"That's half of
me
," he said, pointing at her stomach, "just as much as it is half of you."

Katniss shook her head, at a loss for words. "I don't know what to do."

He merely shook his head, crossed his arms over his chest, and looked away from her.

She scooted closer and took his face in her hands. He kept his eyes downcast.

"Peeta,
please.
Please look at me."

His eyes flicked up to hers, and they were fiery. She sighed sadly.

"I'm sorry. Of course, I don't want our baby to die." She stroked his cheek with her thumb. "But I haven't figured out a way in which I survive the Games and escape Snow's wrath."

"We need to figure it out
together
." Peeta implored.

Katniss searched his eyes before she finally nodded. "Okay."

Peeta moved to sit back but Katniss didn't release his face. "Peeta, if things were different, and we were older and there were no Games, and I knew we'd be safe…" she trailed off, but he seemed to understand her. His gaze was much softer than before.

He leaned forwards and gave her a gentle kiss before he wrapped his arms around her back and pulled her against his chest. He leaned back against the couch and Katniss closed her eyes against the warmth rolling off his skin.

He rubbed his hands over her back. "I can't pretend to imagine that I know what you're going through. I know it can't be easy, because the odds are not in our favour." He let out a hesitant sigh. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have gotten so angry. If the roles were reversed, I think I'd feel the same as you."

"But you're right," Katniss said, "it is half of you."

"Doesn't mean I can force you to-"

"You wouldn't do that." Katniss said firmly. "You're not like that."

Peeta didn't reply, but he squeezed her shoulder appreciatively.

"The only reason that I want to die with you in the Games is because I know I won't survive afterwards, even if I am Victor. Snow would probably kill me or take me captive and that doesn't even sound as bad as having to live the rest of my life without you."

She smoothed her hand back and forth over his pec. She let out a shaky breath. "I don't want to be like my mother." She whispered.

"You think you'd end up like your mother?" Peeta asked, intrigued. He pulled her up to look at her face.

"After losing you? The love of my life? Yeah, I think I would." She admitted.

"I didn't know you felt like that." He said. Katniss shrugged.

"I don't want to do that to our child." She said honestly.

Peeta regarded her tenderly. "I don't think you would."

Katniss looked away. "I'm not so sure about that." She said quietly. It scared her to think about it, but losing Peeta would destroy her. It scared her to feel that she would end up like her mother.

She dared to look back up at him. "I'm sorry."

Peeta's eyes were gentle. "You have
nothing
to apologize for."

Katniss merely blinked back at him. He took her in his arms again and she welcomed his warmth.

They stayed up on the roof for the rest the day. The wind chimes sang peacefully and the couple sat quietly together. No one bothered them.

Peeta sketched her. She tugged some vines off one of the trellises and practiced some of the new knots she had learned. For lunch, they ordered up some food, and they ate languidly.

Katniss rested her head in Peeta's lap, and he tangled his hands in her hair, claiming that he was practicing his knots, making Katniss smile. She had pulled some flowers out of a planter and began twisting them into a crown.

She remembered when she made Peeta a crown a few weeks after they had come back from the Games last year. She smiled at the memory, thinking about how far they had come in their relationship since then.

She glanced up at his blue eyes briefly, and they met hers mischievously. He pulled on a lock of her hair playfully and she grinned at him.

A moment later, his hands went still in her hair.

She glanced up at him again. "What?" she asked.

"I wish I could freeze this moment, right here, right now, and live in it forever." He said.

Katniss thought of that sentence, how warm and relaxed it made her feel. She closed her eyes. She let the next word slip out. "Okay."

"Then you'll allow it?" he said. Katniss heard the smile in his voice.

"I'll allow it," she confirmed with a smile of her own.

Peeta's fingers tangled in her hair again, and then moved up to massage her scalp. She felt herself starting to drift into sleep.

A while later, Peeta roused her from her nap so they could watch the sunset together.

"I didn't think you'd want miss it." He said.

Since it was one of the last sunsets she'd ever see, she was glad he had woken her up. "Thanks."

It was a beautiful sunset. The colours were vibrant. Yellow, pink, and orange. Soft, sunset orange.

"It's your favourite colour," Katniss said absently.

He wrapped his arm around her waist and she scooted closer to rest her head on his shoulder.

No one called them down for dinner, and Katniss was relieved. They went back to their room instead and ordered in and ate in their bed again, at her request.

Then they changed into their pajamas and climbed under the covers. Katniss tried to ignore the new sheets, but it still made her think about what was happening to her. She trailed her hand lightly over her lower abdomen, unable to imagine that there was something
growing
there. She glanced over at Peeta. He had one arm tucked beneath his head, and she took his free hand and laced her fingers with his.

"You okay?" he asked.

She gazed into his eyes for a moment before she nodded. She turned onto her side and hugged his arm.

"You sure?"

"I'm fine. Let's just go to sleep." She said, nuzzling his shoulder.

"Okay. I love you." He whispered.

"I love you, too."


The next morning, Katniss's prep team roused them. The sight of Peeta and Katniss sleeping together was apparently too much for Octavia because she burst into tears immediately.

"You remember what Cinna told us." Venia scolded. Octavia nodded and left the room, sobbing.

Peeta gave her a concerned look as they sat up. He'd have to go to his own room to get prepped, and he knew how wary she was of her prep team. She gave him a quick kiss and murmured that she'd be fine. He nodded and stole another kiss before he got out from other the covers and left her room.

Katniss was surprised when Venia and Flavius began prepping her without any of their usual chatter. They only spoke to direct her movements or comment on makeup techniques.

When it was lunch, Katniss felt something drip onto her shoulder. She turned to see Flavius snipping her hair with silent tears streaming down his face. Venia gave him a look, and he gently set down the scissors. He put his hand on Katniss's shoulder for a moment before he left the room, leaving Venia to finish the rest of the prep.

Venia finished Katniss's hair, nails, and makeup. She avoided Katniss's gaze the entire time, and it was only when Cinna came to approve Katniss and dismiss her that Venia took Katniss's hands and looked straight into her eyes.

"We would all like you to know what a… privilege it has been to make you look your best." Then she released Katniss's hands and left the room quickly.

Katniss was surprised at how much sorrow she felt from her prep team's goodbyes. She knew that from Venia's last words that they knew she wasn't returning. She knew Cinna knew about it, and she wondered if the rest of Panem did as well.

Cinna hung up a garment bag on her mirror, and Katniss eyed it.

"So, what am I wearing tonight?" she asked.

"President Snow put in the dress order himself." Cinna said. He unzipped the bag to reveal one of the wedding dresses Katniss wore for her photo shoot all those months ago. The only thing she could say she liked about it were the pearls, but she wasn't quite sure why.

"Even though they announced the Quarter Quell the night of the photo shoot, people still voted for their favourite dress, and this was the winner. The president says you're to wear it tonight. Our objections were ignored." Cinna explained.

Katniss rubbed some of the silk between her fingers and then ran her index finger along some of the pearls. She wondered why Snow would want her to wear this wedding gown, and she figured it was probably for her own humiliation. "Well, it would be a shame to waste such a pretty dress."

Cinna helped her into the gown and Katniss shrugged her shoulders in discomfort as she felt the weight of it.

"Was it always this heavy?" Katniss asked.

"I had to make some slight alterations because of the lighting." Cinna said. Katniss didn't see how that had to do with anything, but she nodded anyway.

Cinna gave her the shoes to match the dress, her jewellery, and touched up her makeup. He asked her to do a little walk, and smiled at her when she turned back around.

"You're ravishing. Now, Katniss, because this bodice is so fitted, I don't want you raising your arms above your head. Well, not until you twirl, anyway."

"I'm twirling again this year?" Katniss thought about twirling in her dress last year, and how stupid it made her feel.

"I'm sure Caesar will ask you. And if he doesn't you suggest it yourself. Only not right away. Save it for your big finale."

"Okay." Katniss said.

"Any plans for your interview? I know Haymitch left you two to your own devices." Cinna said.

"No, this year I'm just winging it. The funny thing is, I'm not nervous at all." Katniss said. However much Snow hated her, the Capitol audience was hers.

They met up with Effie, Haymitch, Portia and Peeta outside the elevator. Katniss smiled when she saw him, dressed in an elegant white tuxedo to match her gown. They were wearing what Capitol people wore at weddings, which was much more extravagant than what people from District 12 wore.

Generally, the woman would rent a white dress and the man would wear any clothes that weren't mining clothes. They'd sign papers at the Justice Building and get assigned a house. There was usually a small ceremony with family and friends and a meal. Then when the couple are alone, they build a fire and share some toasted bread.

Katniss and Peeta skipped straight to their toasting. No one in Twelve felt married until the toasting. Even if they weren't officially wed by Capitol standards, Katniss was more than satisfied with what they had done. Especially since it was something real, just between the two of them.

Peeta held his hand out to her and she took it. He ran his eyes over her.

"You look… absolutely gorgeous. The dress is nice, too." He said.

Katniss grinned. "It wears a ton, so it better look damn amazing." She let her own eyes roam over him. She loved him in sweaters and old t-shirts, but he looked gorgeous in his tuxedo. "You look so handsome." She said, her tone gentler.

He lifted his free hand and traced a finger down her nose. "Thank you."

"Alright, lovebirds, can we get in the elevator now?" Haymitch asked impatiently.

Katniss rolled her eyes but walked past Haymitch into the elevator. "Try not to step on my dress."

The other tributes had already gathered offstage and were talking quietly, but when Peeta and Katniss arrived, they went silent. Katniss realized they were all staring daggers at her wedding dress. She wondered if they were jealous of its beauty, or of the power it would have to manipulate the crowd.

Finally, Finnick spoke to her. "I cannot believe Cinna put you in that thing."

Katniss raised her chin. "He didn't have a choice. President Snow made him." She wouldn't let anyone criticize Cinna.

Cashmere stepped forwards and tossed her blond curls over her shoulder. "Well, you look ridiculous!" she grabbed her brother's hand and pulled him into place to lead to procession onto stage. Peeta gave her a look like he was trying to hold back laughter. The rest of the tributes began to line up as well.

Katniss was confused to find some tributes looking at them angrily and others patting their shoulders sympathetically. She was surprised when Johanna Mason stopped to straightened her pearl necklace.

"Make him pay for it, okay?" Johanna said.

Katniss nodded, but she wasn't quite sure what she meant.

Only when the interviews started did Katniss understand what Johanna meant. The tributes showed the depth of their betrayal in their interviews. Each of them had their own way of letting the Capitol know that they wronged them.

By the time Katniss was announced, the crowd was a wreck. The sight of her in the white gown practically caused a riot. The Capitol would lose her, the star-crossed lovers, and the biggest wedding yet. Caesar had a hard time quieting the crowd, and the three minutes Katniss had to speak were ticking away. Finally, the crowd went silent.

"So, Katniss, obviously this is a very emotional night for everyone. Is there anything you'd like to say?" Caesar asked.

Katniss put a tremble in her voice. "Only that I'm so sorry that you won't get to be at my wedding… but I'm glad you at least get to see me in my dress. Isn't it just… the most beautiful thing?" Katniss knew this was the right time. She began to twirl slowly, and raised her arms over her head.

She heard the crowd scream, and she thought it must have been because she looked stunning, but then she realized that smoke was rising up around her. Fire was devouring her dress. She began to panic slightly, but she kept twirling, knowing that Cinna wouldn't let harm come to her.

All at once, the fire was gone. She looked down at the dress to see that it was the colour of coal and made of tiny feathers. She raised her arms out to the side, and saw in the TV screen that she had wings. She didn't feel stupid at all.

Cinna had turned her into a mockingjay.

Caesar began making a comment on it, but all Katniss could think about was how Cinna had put himself in terrible danger. Then the buzzer went off and Caesar dismissed her from the stage. The cheering and applause from the audience sounded muffled to her ears as she walked back to her seat.

The sight of Peeta didn't even settle her. She tried to listen to his voice to calm herself down, but she wasn't sure if it was even helping.

"So, Peeta, what was it like when, after all you've been through, you found out about the Quell?" asked Caesar.

"I was in shock. I mean, one minute I'm seeing Katniss looking so beautiful in all these wedding gowns, and the next…" Peeta trailed off.

"You realized there was never going to be a wedding?" Caesar asked gently.

Peeta paused for a long moment, and Katniss could feel the blood rushing in her ears. She could tell from his face that he was deciding something. He looked out at the spellbound audience, then back to Caesar. "Do you think our friends here can keep a secret?"


No,
Katniss thought. Not that.

"I feel quite certain of it." Caesar replied.

"We're already married." Peeta said quietly. Katniss buried her face in the folds of her skirts to hide her reaction. She couldn't believe he just told the world.

"But… how can that be?" Caesar asked in astonishment.

"It's not an official marriage. We didn't go to the Justice Building or anything. But we have this marriage ritual in District Twelve." He described the toasting.

"Were your families there?"

"We didn't really tell anyone. Not even Haymitch. And Katniss's mother would never approve. But you see, we knew if we were married in the Capitol, there wouldn't be a toasting. Neither of us really wanted to wait any longer, so one day, we just did it." Peeta said. "And to us, we're more married than any piece of paper or big party could make us."

"So, this was before the Quell?" Caesar asked him.

"Of course before the Quell." Katniss tried to stop her head from lifting too sharply. Why, all of a sudden, was he lying? "I'm sure we'd never have done it after we knew. But who could've seen it coming? No one. We went through the Games, we were victors, everyone seemed so thrilled to see us together, and then out of nowhere – I mean, how could we anticipate a thing like that?"

"You couldn't, Peeta," Caesar said, putting an arm around Peeta's shoulders. "As you said, no one could've. But I have to confess, I'm glad you two at least had a few months of happiness together."

The crowd applauded, and Katniss plastered on a tragic smile.

"I'm not glad." Peeta said firmly. "I wish we had waited until the whole thing was done officially."

Caesar was taken aback. "Surely even a brief time is better than no time?"

"Maybe I'd think that, too," Peeta said bitterly.

"Are you telling me that you have regrets?" Caesar asked.

"I wouldn't have any…" Peeta paused for effect, and Katniss felt her heart drop, "if it weren't for the baby."

>