


One Cold Winter he Wanted to be Held


It was a cold winter. Azusa just finished having his fill of the quarry they stole from the Sakamaki brothers. He went straight to his bedroom to wash himself and to change his bandages that were now soaked with blood. But he had a problem, before he was to arrive at his room he needed to turn left from the foyer and pass by the living room where Ruki often rests languidly in winter. He swallowed a lump in his throat and a cold sweat ran down his forehead. For some reason he was nervous at having Ruki see him looking like a beast that had just devoured its prey. He was too conscious of him, and lately this feeling became so distinct that he couldn't concentrate on anything at all.

He heaved a deep breath for another time and went towards his room hoping in his heart that he wouldn't have to see Ruki. He walked briskly concentrating on his pace. But then, he couldn't stop himself from checking whether Ruki was really there or not. When he passed by the living room, he couldn't resist but turn back and take a peek. His actions was subtle yet his intentions were made clear by the way his eyes roam inside the room. And then at last he saw him. His dark locks and greyish tips stood out of the dimly lit room. He was sitting near the fire place. He leaned on the side, his chin propped up on his right arm. Azusa stood near the arched entrance to make sure Ruki was indeed sleeping as he appeared to be. The chest of his eldest brother rose and fell. There was not a single sound there, just the cracking sound coming from the fireplace and the wooing sound of the wind. Before he could turn on his heels to go, he heard his brother shift and call for him. He was surprised but his face didn't reveal it so. He still wore his usual apathetic stare. Ruki called for him again, this time, he looked back over his shoulder and saw him beckoning him. He had no choice. He swallowed a lump on his throat and sauntered towards him.

"Azusa, where have you been?" Ruki asked in his usual calm and endearing tone. The tone he always uses when he wants to get something. Azusa didn't reply he stared at the ground, avoiding Ruki's gaze.

"Come closer."

Azusa took a step closer to where Ruki was sitting.

"Closer." He took another step, this time, he bumped on the Ruki's parted legs. Ruki pulled him closer making him trip a bit. He used his knee to balance himself. It was positioned in between Ruki's parted legs. Azusa didn't say anything but his heart was frantic inside his sullen chest. Ruki's touch burned the places it grazed. He let go of Azusa's wrist and traced the younger one's bandage.

"You made a dreadful excursion behind my back didn't you?"

Azusa kept silent. And as Ruki brushed the edge of his filthy bandage near his forearm he couldn't help not to flinch. Ruki unraveled the bandages on his right arm. Azusa could't fathom what he was trying to do. When it was all undone Ruki scrutinised his lacerated skin and peered at him.

"You hurt yourself again." Ruki's mouth narrowed into a teasing yet charming smile. Azusa tried his hardest to conceal how awkward he felt.

"And you smell different today." After saying that, Ruki raised his left arm put it on the back of Azusa's neck and pulled him closer. Close enough to burry his face on the younger one's shoulders. Azusa bit his lower lip, he creased his eyebrows wanting to escape the feeling he was tormented with.

Ruki withdrew and stared at Azusa's right arm full of fresh gashes. He let his pointer finger glide through the younger's forearm to his finger tips and laced their hands together. Azusa was caught off guard he stiffened a bit yet his face looked the same as before. His face had no hint of the rumbling emotions he felt inside. Ruki looked up at him and smiled again. To Azusa's surprise Ruki liften his hand to his lips, clenched it and kissed his knuckles. He stuck his tongue out and grazed the laceration just after the younger one's knuckles.

"Ru..Ruki.."

"The blood is still fresh. It would be such a waste don't you think?"

Ruki's hot tongue ascended into the higher portions of Azusa's arm. The licking sound his elder brother made excited him. His knees trembled and an overwhelming feeling ravished him.

He felt a sudden cold envelop him. It felt like he was being pierced by tiny needles. It was a problem and he found the solution in Ruki's warmth. Azusa wanted the convalescing heat of his elder brother. He wanted to be held by him. He let himself drown in that feeling, enjoying every minute of it.

>