


A/N:
Continuation of that ruki/azusa Smut I wrote in the past. I thought I should write this since Azusa is such a masochist, so it would be weird not to end in a do-m scene. T.T


Ruki was worried that maybe Azusa wasn't satisfied with their
first
time together. He batted his eyes and stared at Azusa's sleeping form on the bed beside him, listening to him sleep. The sound of his soft breathing was music to Ruki's ears.

Ruki couldn't help but wonder about the length of time he had been haunted by the desire of wanting Azusa like this; of having this relationship with him.

He stared and stared, and saw the bulging skin roofing over dark, little islets where matted girlishly-long lashes jutted out like surprises out of presents, like an unprecedented love confession out of a dull and aching silence.

Ruki flustered a bit. He edged closer to his love, feeling all sorts of emotions well up within him. He was like a kid that just got something for the first time out of his own efforts: awestruck, so indubitably in love. He muttered, "Azusa," and tucked a lock of hair behind the younger one's ear.

"Azusa." He whispered again, sweeter than how he often addressed him. As though he was his little porcelain doll: beautiful, but he could not readily touch without the fear of breaking him.

His doll. His pretty little doll.

"Ruki?" Azusa is awake, rubbing his eyes like a child. He intends to prop himself up, but Ruki grabbed him by the back of his head and kissed him.

A smack, a far cry from earlier desperate thrusting of tongues and bruising kisses. Wholesome. Soft. Gentle.

A kiss to stop distance. A kiss to say, "stay, stay right here in my arms."

Azusa turned beet red, but he succumbs to Ruki's pecking like an obedient kitten. He heaved; shallow breaths; pursed lips clinging on lips, trembling to stop himself from saying,

"I want you to hurt me."

Because Ruki didn't want him to hurt.

Ruki kissed him some more; tilting his head. He grabbed Azusa's hair, pulling taut the skin on the younger's face. Azusa moaned in pleasure at the pressure of hands clasping hair; eyes closing in heavenly bliss.

Lost in the increments of pain Ruki was giving him, Ruki stared. And knew. He k
new
all along
.


Ruki pinned both of Azusa's hand on the bed and loomed over him.

"I was right, you weren't
satisfied."


Lazy eyes widened. Flustered cheeks flustered more.

"Azusa, what do you want me to do?" Came the cold, sweet Ruki voice.

Hesitant, smooth skin turning gooseflesh, Azusa crooned,

"I want you to hurt me."

Scissors, handcuffs, ropes, or knives?

Knives. Azusa preferred knives. Ruki preferred scissors and his good ole fangs, and probably a bit of flogging from time to time.

You don't tell a deprived sadist what to do.

"Aaah!" Azusa moaned, completely unable to move because he was bound-a run off the mill thing to prevent him from struggling, Ruki decided.

Ruki loomed over him, dominant, in control; completely owning him. The elder smiled, that tight lipped smile of his and ran the blade of the scissor from Azusa's chest down his belly. The cold steel made the other shiver and made his member twitch. As excruciating as it was, Azusa was thrilled.

Ruki accidentally cut him. Blots of blood bubbled in the tear on the skin. It was red-crimson red on lily white skin-just as Ruki liked it.

The glint in Ruki's eyes made evident his desire. He leaned down and licked the blood that dribbled down Azusa's navel. He wanted to make a deeper cut to see more blood.

When Azusa felt the wetness of Ruki's tongue, he arched his back and clenched his numb toes.


Abuse me. Violate me.


Ruki kissed the tip of Azusa cock. Then placed it between the blade of the scissors.

"How dirty."

It made Azusa a crying, wet mess.

Ruki pinched the scissors, pressing the blades on Azusa's
head,
making the other utter a hapless cry. Azusa bled. Warm blood dribbled down its head. Ruki chuckled.

"Oh? What a pervert."

Azusa is turned on even more. God. He didn't not expect Ruki verbally abusing him would be this hot.

"Still not enough? Do you want me to chop
this
off."

Ruki pressed the tip of the scissors on Azusa's hardening member with calculated pressure.

"Ru,,, ah..Ruki.."

"Ruki?" Ruki used displeased voice, making sure Azusa knew to put himself in place.

"Master."

Ruki slapped Azusa with his free hand. It was a crisp, painful slap.

"Say it louder, you worthless piece of trash." Ruki said in such a hurtful, frigid way with his calm voice.

"Master."

Azusa was doing this on purpose. He kept of softening his voice so that Ruki would keep on slapping him, until his face bruised. When Azusa thought it would be too much for Ruki to handle, he did as he was told.

Ruki fucked him ruthlessly completely satisfying his masochistic dreams. At the end of the exercise, Ruki pampered him, asking, "Did I go over board?".

"Don't make me hurt you too much." Ruki said planting a kiss on the scratch on Azusa's cheek.

"I wish I were human." Azusa moaned lazily.

Ruki got curious.

"Why?"

"I want you to scar me. Brand me. I'll treasure it forever."

Azusa smiled brightly at Ruki, brighter than he had ever smiled at any one before. At that moment Ruki knew that loving Azusa was a choice he would never regret.


Well. I tried. I can' write an actual do-m scene *cries*.

>