

The Sacred Jewel glowed a bright pink in the palms of a raven haired girl. She gazed down at the now completed jewel. It soothed her soul when she looked at it. She closed her eyes and heard a soft whisper. She could not understand what it was saying.

Kikyo and Inuyasha had finally gotten together. Even though it pained her to see the two with one another she finally accepted it was not meant to be. Kikyo still had Inuyashas heart from the very beginning.

"Kagome," Inuyasha breathed standing in front of her. His clothing was torn in a couple places and had scratches all over his body. His worst wound was on his stomach very a demon had stuck his fist through him.

"Inuyasha," she looked up and smiled at the white haired half demon. She held up the jewel so everyone was allowed to see it.

Miroku hesitated but undid the prayer beads from around his cursed hand. He blinked when he saw no black hole. Him and Sango rejoiced.

"What are you going to wish for?" Inuyasha asked still staring down at the jewel.

She held it out to him,"I was going to let you decide on the first wish."

Inuyasha stared at her and gave her a smile before taking the jewel in his hand and closing his fist around it. He then closed his eyes.

"I wish...for Kikyo to be alive," he whispered. The Jewel glowed pink and a white orb shot from the ground and slammed itself into Kikyo. Inuyasha quickly handed the jewel back to Kagome before aiding Kikyo.

"Kikyo...your skin is warm!" Inuyasha announced. She looked up at him and gave him a true smile. They embraced each other.

Kagome smiled at him and Kikyo and Sango and Miroku. It seemed she was the only one alone. She shook her head to rid herself of those thoughts.

"Thank you, Kagome," Kikyo said. Kagome nodded her head and gave her one of her own smiled.

"Wait...if that white orb was Kikyos soul...then that means Kagome is not Kikyos reincarnation," Sango commented. Everyone looked from Kagome to Kikyo.

The jewel glowed and a figured appeared before them.

"Lady Midoriko," Miroku gasped in surprise.

The ghostly figure smiled at the monk and nodded her head.

"Yes. I am Midioriko...the demon slayer was correct. Kagome you are not the reincarnation of Kikyo...you are my reincarnation," she explained,"And you have yet another evil to face. However, this time you will not be returning here nor to your home in the future."

"What do you mean?" Kagome asked.

"You will be somewhere where there is much greater evil than Naraku. An evil organization is out and is set on bringing peace to the world in the most horrible way possible,"

"But that is impossible! Stillness does not exist without the wind nor will peace exist without Chaos!" Kikyo argued.

"Yes I am fully aware of this however I do no know all the details...Kagome...you have 24 hours to say your goodbyes to your friends and family..." With that said Midoriko disappeared.

"I always knew that I would end up having yet another adventure," Kagome sighed.

"No matter where you go Kagome...we will always be with you," Miroku hugged the young woman. She was very thankful he did not use that wandering hand of his.

"I agree with Miroku," Sango said joining the hug.

"Hate to ruin your moment but we have unwanted company," inuyasha growled. He pulled out his sword.

Everyone waited to see who it was and none other than Sesshomaru himself walked into the clearing.

"I have no need to fight you Inuyasha," he glared at the half demon,"I have buiness with the Miko."

"Oh?" She questioned and raised an eyebrow. He walked towards her and stopped a few feet from her. He put his hand on Tenseiga.

"You have earned this Sesshomarus respect Miko. Not only are you powerful but you have saved Rin countless times. Therefor I will award you with Tenseiga," he pulled the sword, sheath and all, and handed it to her.

"Isnt Tenseiga a demon sword though?" Miroku asked.

"It is. But it has taken a liking to the miko," he explained.

"Thank you, Lord Sesshomaru," she smiled and hugged the sword close to her. Sango had taught her how to use a sword and Kagome now had a reason to be thankful for that.

Sesshomaru nodded his head, turned and left leaving everyone else speechless.

"Well that was unexpected..."Kagome muttered. Everyone else agreed with her.

Later that day the group spent most of the day together. Hanging out, reminiscing about old times, and just having fun. Then the time came where it was finally time to say good bye to her parents.

"I'll be back tomorrow...I promise..." She said as she jumped into the well.

"Mom grandpa Souta! Im home!" She announced walking through the door.

"Kagome!" Her mother greeted hugging her beloved daughter.

"Mom...i need you to get grandpa and Souta... Please i have to tell you all something very important," Kagome pulled back from her mother who gave her a concerned look but did as she was told.

Once everyone was in the living room Kagome stood before them.

"I have some good news and some bad news..." She began.

"Lets hear the good news first," Souta suggested.

"Ok well the Shikon no tama is finally complete, Sango and Miroku are getting married and Inuyasha and Kikyo are together," she smiled at her family members.

"That good dear!" Her mother said.

"The bad news...after the completion of the Shikon no tama, we were confronted by Midoriko...she told me that i had 24 hours to say good bye to everyone...meaning this is the last time I will be seeing you all...Midoriko said that I have yet another adventure and will not be returning..." Kagome explained.

It was silent before her mother stood and wrapped her arms around her daughter. Then Souta did the same thing and finally grandpa joined. There they cried together and enjoyed the little time left they had with Kagome

The next day Kagome packed her things and headed out to the well for the last time. She turned and observed her surroundings making sure to take in every little detail. Her family was with her to see her off. Of course Souta was crying. Kagome kneeled down to face her little brother.

She wiped his tears,"Hey, be a big boy. No more tears."

He nodded his head. She moved towards the next person. Grandpa

"You might want to consider taking on an apprentice grandpa," Kagome smiled. She knew he was trying to keep his cool.

"Thats what Souta is here for," he said his voice cracking just a bit. Kagome smiled again and hugged her grandpa.

"Mom..."She sighed and remembered all the times when her mother provided her with food and first aid supplies.

"Oh before you forget Kagome...here is an extra bag. It has food, money and first aid supplies!" Her mother handed her the bag and Kagome giggled.

"Thank you mother,"

"Be careful," she kissed the top of her head. Kagome walked down the steps of the well house and gave her family one last smile and goodbye before jumping inside.
Once on the other side she was greeted by Inuyasha. He took her to the village where they said their final goodbyes and gave final hugs.

Miroku gave her some sutras. He had help train her in how to use them. Sango gave Kagome her sword and yet another hug. She strapped the sword to her waist just below Tenseiga. Kaeda gave her several different types of herbs to use for medicine and such. Kikyos gift was a quiver of arrows. She gratefully took them and actually hugged the woman.

"Inuyasha," she smiled and reached up and took the beads that were around his neck off. She handed them to him.

"Kagome...you keep them," he said and put the beads around her neck.

"Thank you," the two shared one last hug before Midoriko appeared.

"Are you ready?" She asked.

Kagome nodded. Midoriko began to glow along with Kagome and before she knew it they had disappeared.

-
Kagome opened her eyes. She was in a clearing similar to the Feudal era.

"Kagome this is a very dangerous place remember that. I have visited the leader, or hokage as they call it, and informed her of your arrival," Midoriko said.

"Thank you Lady Midoriko," Kagome smiled at the ghostly figure. Suddenly someone stepped through the trees.

She had long blond hair tied into low pigtails. Her eyes were brown and she had a blue diamond in the middle of her forehead. She also had very large breasts.

"Are you Kagome?" She asked.

"Y-yes," Kagome stuttered and bowed before the woman.

"Raise your head. I am Lady Tsunade. Hokage of the Hidden Leaf Village," she said introducing herself.

"Pleased to meet you," she greeted back.

"We must hurry back to the village before anyone realizes I am missing," she smiled yet she had that mischievous look in her eyes. Kagome looked up at Midoriko.

"Go ahead child," she whispered. Kagome nodded and walked towards the woman. The two headed back towards the village.

The well was actually in the hidden leaf village it was near a training area shielded by trees and such.

"I'll introduce you to team 7," she said as they walked through the village. Kagome stared in amazement at all the beautiful buildings.

"Hey umm Lady Tsunade who are those guys?" Kagome asked pointing to the Hokage faces.

"Hmm? Those are the previous hokages of this village. The first face was a man named Senji hashirami. He was the founder of the hidden leaf village. The second is Senji Tobimaru he also help with the finding of the village. The third is Sarutobi he. The fourth would be Minato Namikaze. He saved the village by sacrificing his own life to seal up the nine tailed fox inside a newborn baby," she explained.

"Wow," she whispered as she looked upon the faces,"And im guessing the last one is you?"

Tsunade nodded her head and they continued walking through the village.

"Lady Tsunade!" A voice called out. Kagome turned around to see a woman with black hair and onyx eyes run up to them. She also noted the pig with pearls around its neck in her arms.

"What is it Shizune?" Tsunade asked.

"Where did you go?" The woman looked at Tsunade with a raised eyebrow.

"I had something to do," Tsunade replied. She turned back around and motioned for Kagome to follow.

They were walking in the Hokage mansion when suddenly someone crashed into Kagome. The two fell to the ground, her 'attacker' on top.

"Owie," kagome muttered. She opened her eyes only to be met with brilliant bright blue ones.


>