

It's been about a week since that night at Aoba's place. Both of them agreed to go out tonight, to officially make amends with each other; even though it was Koujaku's fault. Aoba stood in front of the neighborhood movie theatre, nervously waiting.

"Where is he?" He mumbled. With each moment that passed, his heart began to beat faster. "We've been on dates before, why am I so nervous?" he mumbled again.

"Aoba~!" Koujaku's footsteps drew closer to Aoba, and he could fell his ears getting hot.

"Ah, Koujaku…Took you long enough…" Aoba blurted.

"Sorry I'm late; I had to close up shop. Of course some customers were loitering around as well…" Koujaku trailed off. "Erm, should we go in to decide what movie to see, Aoba?" He asked.

"Uh, sure. Which one did you want to see Koujaku?" Aoba was calming down a little bit, but he could still feel his heart beating rapidly in his chest.

Koujaku stood there for a minute, and glanced thoughtfully at the movie list. "How about that horror movie, it's supposed to be the scariest movie anyone's ever made. Want to give it a shot?" Aoba hates horror movies, and he's pretty sure Koujaku knows that, too. So why does he suggest that movie out of all the ones they're showing?

"I don't know…I don't really like horror movies…" Aoba trailed off.

"Hah! Don't be so weak, Aoba! I bet the special effects are crap anyway." Koujaku retorted. Aoba wasn't so sure though, but Koujaku bought the tickets anyway.

After taking their seats in the theatre, Aoba looked around. All around them were couple after couple, snuggling and munching on popcorn. He turned to the girl next to him, who was sipping up her drink.

"Excuse me; I don't mean to bother you, have you heard anything about this movie? Is it good, I mean," Aoba asked; he was still terrified and wanted to leave.

The girl turned to him with a smile, "it's supposed to be extremely scary. I looked at reviews online before we came here and they all say this flick is awesome I heard on the news that an old man had a heart attack while watching this. Just by that I can tell it's gonna be really good."

"I see. I can't wait, then." Aoba slumped back into his seat; secretly swearing at Koujaku. Koujaku, on the other hand, had the face of a 6 year old boy whose about to go onto his first amusement park ride. The more Aoba thought, the more he remembered things about Koujaku. He loved scary movies, and yet he always cried during sappy chick-flicks. It was those little things that Aoba missed the past few weeks.

The lights in the theatre dimmed, and the opening music began to play. Koujaku tightly wrapped his arm around Aoba in excitement. Aoba slumped even more into his chair to be away from the movie screen as much as possible.

About 45 minutes have passed, and there Aoba sat, scared out of his wits. His entire body was shaking, and he kept hiding his head in Koujaku's kimono. "
This asshole,
" Aoba thought as he was cowering under Koujaku's arm. A big
bang
on the screen made Aoba shriek louder that anyone else in the theatre. While cowering under Koujaku, Aoba felt him shaking, too. But it wasn't a nervous shake, or even a scared shitless shake; he was laughing.

The ending credits started to play; and Aoba was the first person out of the theatre. Koujaku trailed behind him, smirking.

"Damn you, Koujaku. You know I hate scary movies," Aoba spat.

Koujaku giggled, "But I wanted you to grasp onto me like you used to in bed."

Aoba turned around and grabbed Koujaku's kimono.

"There are plenty of other ways to get me to put my hands on you," Aoba retorted. Aoba then pulled Koujaku right up to his face; lips just barely touching. Koujaku shifted his weight just enough to push his lips into Aoba's. Koujaku threw his arms around Aoba's neck and ran his fingers gently through his hair. "
Damn this man,
" Aoba thought. He could feel his face getting hot, and was pretty sure there were people watching them.

"Koujaku…" Aoba stifled between kisses. "Hmm?" Koujaku cooed.

"People are watching…" Aoba slowly pushed Koujaku away, blushing even more. "Fine then," Koujaku took Aoba's hand and led him out of the theatre lobby.

The sun was about to set; the sky was illuminated with shades of orange and blue blended together. Koujaku dragged Aoba along on his route to who knows where. Neither of them said anything; Aoba was lost in his thoughts more than anything. "
Dumb hippo
," Aoba thought, "
making me watch a scary movie. I won't be able to sleep tonight.
" His frustration showed on his face, and Koujaku noticed.

"We're almost there, Aoba." He began to pull harder on his hand, increasing their pace. The couple stopped at an alleyway a few blocks from the movie theatre. "Up here." Koujaku pointed up a ladder that led to the top of an apartment building. He starts to climb and Aoba follows shortly after. Both reach the top, and Aoba can't believe his eyes.

"Is it too corny? I knew it would be, damn it…" Koujaku rambled on as his face grew a whole new shade of pink.

"Koujaku," Aoba said, "it's beautiful." He took Koujaku's hand and gripped it tight. "
What a hippo,
" he thought.

From the roof, there was a clear view of the sunset; which lit the sky with blends of pinks and oranges. On the rooftop itself, a picnic blanket laid on the ground with a basket neatly sitting on top. Koujaku sat down on the blanket, opening the basket and revealing various foods that he probably cooked himself. Aoba sat across from him; blushing with a silly grin on his face. The slight breeze cooled his cheeks just in the right way. The colors of the sky bounced off of Koujaku's face with such perfection, Aoba just couldn't help but to kiss him.

"I picked that scary movie because it ended at just the right time. I didn't want to miss this," Koujaku stammered.

"I love you, hippo," Aoba whispered, kissing his cheek.

Koujaku turned redder than the tones of the sky.

>