

And here's chapter 18! Let's get to it! :D



Ch. 18: Leads and Echos



Normandy SR-2



Commander Shepard



Traynor handed a datapad to Shepard as he entered the war room. "Commander, you need to see this."

Shepard took the datapad and looked it over. "Hm, excellent work Traynor. There's still quite a few places here we'll need to investigate, but I'm glad you and EDI narrowed it down for us."

"Of course, Commander." Traynor saluted.

Shepard stared at the datapad for a moment, then spoke. "We should start here, something called Project Revelation. Seems to be the end of some series of projects that have gone dead, but it's on Earth. Being on Earth makes it a simple mission, and we could restock on the Citadel before we leave."

"I will notify Joker of your decision, Shepard." EDI chimed in from above.

"Thank you, EDI." Shepard nodded, then looked back at Traynor. "Is there any other information you have on these projects?"

"Most of the data is highly classified, Commander." Traynor replied. "I was unable to access much more than their names and locations."

"I could use my old Spectre code, I never formally retired my Spectre status." Shepard typed in a few codes into the datapad. "Wow... this is a mountain of data. It will take some time to process everything."

Shepard handed the datapad back to Traynor. "Project Revelation seems to be some form of storage area for a collection of various artifacts. It should still be our best bet, but that may mean there's some Leviathan technology there. Let's hope the locals don't get wind of it until we've secured the base, or we might have some thralls to deal with. In the meantime, you and EDI should go through this data and see what you can find."

Traynor saluted again. "Yes, Commander, we'll let you know if we find anything important via omnitool."

"Excellent, I'm sure you'll find something useful, Traynor." Shepard turned and began walking towards the QEC. "EDI, set up a secure link with Alliance Command, I need to give them the reports and what our current destination is."

"Setting up the link, Shepard." EDI replied as the QEC flickered to life.

One of the Admirals Shepard had seen on Akuze appeared before him as a hologram; an old acquaintance: Admiral Tadius Ahern. "Commander Shepard, have you completed your reports?"

"Of course, Admiral. I have just sent them to Alliance Command." Shepard stood at attention.

Ahern typed at a console in front of him. "You can still call me Ahern, Shepard. But excellent, I'll review it after this call. Do you have a destination for the assignment Chancellor Hackett gave you?"

"Yes, sir." Shepard nodded. "I will be investigating one of the Senate projects that went dark, something called Project Revelation."

"And you made damn sure this project was somehow connected to the Leviathans?" Ahern asked.

"Yes, and it is linked to several other projects that have gone dark. It was some kind of hub for a larger project, and I'm sure it has some answers." Shepard replied.

Ahern nodded. "Good, with the chaos in the ranks we were barely able to recognize which projects were actually responding or not. Your Specialist Traynor and AI EDI are considered among the best in the Alliance for this sort of thing, so we knew they could handle this. Get us results, Commander, like you did on Pinnacle Station. Admiral Ahern out."

Admiral Ahern's hologram flickered away and Shepard turned back to the war room. He was finally prepared to begin the investigation, and he finally had his entire crew. There was no way they could be stopped this time, and the Leviathans would finally be defeated!

Shepard walked past Traynor, who was working hard on her task, and left the war room. He went through the security gate and moved to his terminal. He checked his messages first, then began typing up a report.

After a few minutes of typing Shepard felt a tap on his shoulder, and turned around to see Kaidan standing behind him.

"Need something, Kaidan?" Shepard asked as he finished typing.

"The Cerberus assassin just woke up, Shepard." Kaidan replied. "Figured you and I should go greet him."

"He's still in the brig, correct?"

Kaidan nodded. "Of course, Commander."

Shepard turned to the elevator. "Then let's go."

The two men walked into the elevator and Shepard pressed the button for deck 5. They waited for a few moments in silence and then stepped out into the cargo bay. They took a left and walked past several crates until they found the small entrance to the Normandy's brig.

Shepard opened the door and walked inside with Kaidan following closely behind him. They stood in front of the barrier to the cell and glared at Operative Echo, who was sitting silently behind it.

Echo stood up and smiled darkly. "You can't keep me in this cell forever, Shepard."

"That remains to be seen." Shepard took a step forward. "Cooperate, and maybe you spend the rest of your life in a more comfortable cell."

"My, what a generous offer, Commander." Echo shook his head. "I'm afraid I'll have to decline though. I have some unfinished business to attend to, so I won't be kept in here for long."

"Just try it, Cerberus." Shepard motioned towards the barrier. "See that barrier? You so much as try to break through that and you'll be in a full body cast for months."

Shepard then motioned towards the rest of the room. "And these walls are made of the best armor in the galaxy, Silaris armor. The Collectors couldn't penetrate this armor, so I doubt a lone Cerberus agent could either."

"I guess I am trapped in here." Echo looked around calmly. "But I will get out somehow, and when I do... I'll kill everyone on this ship. Everyone you know and love will die!"

"Sure, tough guy." Shepard shook his head. "Typical Cerberus, making threats when they can't back it up. Maybe in your heyday Cerberus could pull something, and I might have taken you seriously, but now? Please."

"Cerberus won't abandon me, Shepard. Not like you did to Cerberus, or to those 300,000 people you slaughtered on Aratoht!" Echo glared at him.

"I'm surprised someone from Cerberus would care about the fate of the Bahak system." Shepard crossed his arms. "You do know they were Batarians, right?"

Echo's dark smile returned. "I know, Shepard. Let's just say my friends are your enemies, regardless of species."

Shepard looked over at Kaidan for a moment, then turned back to Echo. "And why is that?"

"It's simple, really. You killed everyone I knew and loved." Echo replied. "I'd like to return the favor, and give you the sweet bonus of dying yourself so you don't have to live it down like I did."

"If I killed them, they deserved it. I don't kill people who don't."

"The people of Aratoht disagree, Commander." Echo paused for a moment. "As do the excavation team on Aequitas, and the crew of the MSV Cornucopia."

Shepard stood silently for a moment, deep in thought. "If I remember Aequitas and the MSV Cornucopia correctly, everyone had been turned to husks. Putting them down was an act of mercy; it most certainly wasn't murder like you're implying."

"But you lie, Shepard!" Echo roared at him. "You could have ignored them both, and nothing would have changed for your mission. I would have had a chance to save them all when the Illusive Man took control of the Reapers! Instead, you went out of your way to find them and slaughter them all! You killed my father, captain of the MSV Cornucopia! And you killed my mother, my brother, my best friend, and the love of my life! All four of them were members of the excavation team on Aequitas! The only reason you didn't kill me too was because someone needed to watch over the home office in their absence!"

Echo took a step forward, his face only inches away from the barrier. "I lost everything, and I will not rest until you know how I feel!"

"I'm... sorry to hear that." Shepard sighed. "But they were never going to be saved, Cerberus. Even if the Illusive Man had somehow taken control of the Reapers and I never killed them, your family would still be husks. They would never get their minds back, and they would always have been abominations."

Echo chuckled darkly. "I suppose we'll never really know, will we? Someone made sure we'd never get that chance."

"I'm sorry for your loss, nothing more." Shepard replied. "I did the right thing for them, I gave them a chance to rest, and they're weeping in their graves knowing what you've done since their death. Joining Cerberus, attempting to assassinate me, and who knows what else... You insult their memory, Cerberus."

Echo's glare hardened; he was clearly enraged. "I won't let your death be quick, Shepard. I'll twist the knife slowly so you feel every goddamn cell get ripped from your bones!"

"More empty threats?" Shepard smirked coldly. "You're going to jail for a long time, Cerberus. And because you've been so difficult I'll make sure your cell is the worst cell the Alliance has."

"Now who's making empty threats, Shepard?" Echo sat down. "I don't have anything to hide, and I know why you're here, so I'll answer the question you have yet to ask, so that you'll leave quickly. I was sent by Cerberus to assassinate you, and I have not finished my assignment. I always complete my assignments, so consider yourself dead, Commander."

"Where is Cerberus's base, and why do they want me dead?" Shepard asked.

"Base? I have no idea where their base is, Shepard." Echo chuckled darkly. "And do you really need to ask why? You're the greatest threat to humanity, and to Cerberus, so you must die."

"Don't lie to me, Cerberus. You know where their base is, and you also know what they're up to now."

Echo shook his head. "Really, Commander? Do you think the Director would tell me, a lowly assassin, anything more than I needed to know? I have no idea where their base is or what they are planning, so please, quit wasting our time."

"I guess you just won't talk then." Shepard turned to Kaidan. "Let's go, this is a waste of our time."

The two men began exiting the brig before Echo cleared his throat loudly. "One more thing, Commander. Call me Echo, everyone does. I'm the Echo of a life you destroyed."

Shepard shook his head and closed the door to the brig. He followed Kaidan back to the elevator and pressed the button.

"That must have been a lot to take in, Commander." Kaidan said as they waited for the elevator.

"I'm used to this stuff, Kaidan." Shepard replied. "You'd be surprised how many messages I get from people who blame me for the Reapers in the first place. Apparently being the first person to say something's wrong means you caused the problem in the first place."

"Still, I remember that mission on the MSV Cornucopia." Kaidan shook his head. "I don't think any of us were exactly the same after that, you know? Seeing all those good people turned into monsters by the Reapers and the Heretic Geth in their own ship..."

"It was a nightmare, Kaidan... One I've been trying to destroy since Eden Prime." Shepard sighed. "Maybe after this war I can finally say the legacy of the Leviathans has been destroyed for good."

"Let's hope so, Commander." Kaidan said as the elevator doors opened.

The two men walked into the elevator and stood in silence as it ascended. Shepard looked straight forward, his mind thinking of the war and its consequences.


I just hope I don't destroy more lives in this war...



Author's note: Had to give Echo a bit of a background, so we understand why he hates Shepard so much! It might be misguided, but he is Cerberus so that's kind of the gig, you know? Anyway, I hope you enjoyed this chapter! Make sure you review, follow, or favorite! It really is greatly appreciated! :) Keep being awesome!

>