

What's up, everyone? I'm back! That's right! This is
SuperHeroTimeFan
now coming back to you with a brand-new Chapter for
WITCH &amp; Winx: Clash
! I'm extremely happy to have gotten so far with this Story. I'm sorry that it took this long for me to update, but I was busy with other Stories, as well as my new College Life. It is a hard life, but I am able to live through it. Thank you to
Tizzy20031
for her liking in my Story. With
Scourge from BloodClan
losing interest, especially since she has helped me to write this sequel, it has been hard for me. But if I can move on, I'm sure I'll do great. What's also been hard for me is the ISIS Attack on Paris. I pray for the lives that were lost and the lives that were damaged as well. Hopefully, ISIS can be stopped. Now, with no questions to be answered, here is my new Chapter! Please be sure to review, rate, and as always, please be sure to enjoy!

Chapter 8: Chosen Soldier



In memory of Doug Lennox



(January 21, 1938 - November 28, 2015)



In the Omega Dimension, Icy, Darcy and Nerissa were watching over what had happened in Gardenia. They were in shock at the sight of an evil twin of Flora, but they were more focused on the agenda at hand: killing Flora for killing Stormy. They soon came across Selina poisoning Flora with her Snake Staff, with Selina showing them for proof.

"Why is Flora still breathing?" Nerissa asked after seeing Flora fall to the ground weakly.

"That potion will drain her," Selina hissed in her snake-like tone. "She can be defeated by a Pixie within the next four hours. Her life is as good as gone."

Darcy chuckled. "I
like
the way you work, Selina," she complimented. "No, for your payment."

Selina chuckled and took out the Legendarium. Nerissa placed some magic into it, and when Selina looked inside, she found the Monsters the QuadraTrix had mentioned.

"Thank you for your business." Selina said before teleporting away.

"What if Flora survived?" Darcy asked.

"Then Selina will regret making deals with us," Icy said. "We can take them down, one way or another."

At this time, several armed men were bowing to Phobos.

"Heatherfield is safe, but I want you to take care of the Specialists in Fadden Hills," Phobos ordered. "Am I clear, Paladins?"

The Paladins looked up and chuckled. Their weapons were unsheathed, and with their mission clear, they were off to Fadden Hills.

The Specialists rode their bikes through the highway. Sky and Brandon took the lead, with Riven, Helia, Timmy, Nabu and Roy right behind them. Considering that King Phobos probably had eyes and ears for him on Earth, the Specialists had to abandon their speeders from Red Fountain and use normal motorcycles to go from place to place instead.

"You know, there are a lot of risks to taking on Phobos like this," Brandon said to Sky. "I got a call from Stella, and she says that she and the rest of the Winx Club failed to protect Gardenia."

"Taranee tells me that Gardenia is safe for now," Timmy said as he rode next to Sky. "But Fadden Hills is another Story."

"Let's just focus on getting the job done," Riven said. "But this time, let's be careful about moving in. You remember the wrong impression we made when we first came to Earth, right?"

"Yeah," Nabu said, shaking his head from the memory. "Painful stuff, that was. It was harder to even find a job there!"

Sky sighed. "Okay, let's just act casual when we get to Fadden Hills, New York, guys," he told the Specialists. "Not everyone is used to seeing people like us."

Roy nodded as the seven Specialists passed a sign saying "Welcome to Fadden Hills".

Unknown to the Specialists, seven other figures were watching them. The leader of the seven, in navy blue, motioned to the rest of his followers. The six followers all nodded and moved out, with the leader making his way towards the Specialists.

Sky and Brandon continued to ride towards Fadden Hills, New York. However, when they were coming out of the highway, they suddenly saw two policemen and a man in a brown suit all standing in the streets and waiting for them. Sky and Brandon immediately braked, causing the rest of the Specialists to do so as well.

"King Sky of Eraklyon," the man in the brown suit said as he walked over. "Should I call you an Eraklyonian or something?" he asked as Sky walked over. "Miss Faragonda and Saladin never specified any terms from the Magix Dimension, so I'm not sure about how I should address you," he explained. "Saying 'Your Majesty' or 'Your Highness' seems to be a bit old-fashioned and unnatural for today."

Sky and the Specialists all looked to one another with confusion and shock. After a while of taking this all in, Sky turned back to the man in the brown suit.

"Who are you?" Sky asked. "How do you know about us? Are you with King Phobos?"

"A
gainst
him, actually," the man in the brown suit corrected. "I am Agent Roman of the CIA and the Shadow Storms," he explained, showing his badge. "We have been tasked with doing all we can to help you, WITCH and the Winx Club out against your battle with Phobos at any cost."

"And you know Headmaster Saladin?" Roy asked.

"Yes, I do," Roman replied back as the two men with him nodded as well. "As well as Miss Faragonda and Miss Griffin."

Sky nodded. "Good to know that you're on our side," he said. "Listen. Phobos and the QuadraTrix have placed emblems in Gardenia, Heatherfield and even here in Fadden Hills," he explained. "For safety, we need to get as many people as we can out of here for their own safety."

"That has already been taken care of," Agent Roman replied back. "There was an incident at Gardenia while you were on your way here. Will Vandom and Bloom Parks both instructed me to get everyone to evacuate from the area," he stated before pausing for a while. "We, uh… had to tell them that a radioactive squirrel was loose to get them to go away."

"A radioactive squirrel?" Brandon asked.

"See, even when
you
say it, it sounds ridiculous," Agent Roman joked. The Specialists all glared at him while he chuckled. After a while, he stopped. "We had to create an explosion to get everyone to believe us. We followed through with another story about a walking iceberg. For that, we created seismic quakes."

"What was next?" Timmy asked. "A stampede of rabbits?"

"We used actual rabbits for that one," Agent Roman said, causing the Specialists' eyes to widen. "Laymen's Terms, everyone's out safe, sound, and also, paranoid."

"I think we get it," Sky said. "So, Agent Roman, have there been any strange sightings of any symbols around here?"

Agent Roman nodded and pulled up a map on his iPhone. "I think you'll find something strange near the old train station," he said, showing Sky and the Specialists the abandoned train station images on his iPhone. "Not too long ago, reports of a train with two people in battle on top of it was seen. When they left, all that remained of them was this symbol," he added on, showing the Star of Threbe to Sky and the Specialists, causing them to gasp. "I take it that this is the symbol you're looking for?"

Sky nodded once again. "Yes, it is," he said. "Can you send us the coordinates of that place?"

Agent Roman nodded and dialed some buttons on his phone. After a while, the helmets of the Specialists started to beep. Sky, Brandon, Riven, Helia, Timmy, Nabu and Roy all pressed the sides of their helmets and placed their visors over their eyes. They looked to the screens on the inside, seeing that the coordinates had already been sent to them.

"Thanks, Agent Roman," Riven said. "We won't forget this."

"We'll be on standby!" Agent Roman called out as the Specialists started to walk towards the train station. "Give us a call if you need more help!"

"Got it!" Sky exclaimed as he and the Specialists all got onto their bikes. "Specialists, let's get a move on!"

"
RIGHT!
" the Specialists all exclaimed. Sky took off, and soon, the rest of the Specialists followed after him.

"Better contact the others," Roy said as he pressed some buttons on his helmet. "They'll want to know about what's going on."

Back at Gardenia, Roxy was practicing with her swords. She spun them around in her hands before slicing apart a practice dummy. It soon fell apart as soon as she sheathed her swords. She looked out the window to see Flora talking with Cornelia.

All of a sudden, her communicator started to beep. She gasped and ran towards it, seeing the Specialists appearing.

"Hey, guys!" Roxy exclaimed. "What's up?"

"
We've located the Star of Threbe made by Stormy
," Helia reported. "
How are things in Gardenia?
"

"We're holding up as best as we can," Roxy said, thinking about Flora. "A lot has been happening lately, but we're trying to hold it together," she added on. She sighed before letting a smile come onto her face. "You guys at Fadden Hills yet?" Roxy asked.

"
Yeah
," Sky said. "
Some guy named Agent Roman already warned everyone here about the disaster about to strike, and the incoming attack that Phobos would send here
."

"Good," Orube said as she came up beside Roxy. "Gardenia has fallen, and for now, Caleb, Matt and the Regents are keeping Heatherfield safe after we defended it."

"
Just because we chase them away doesn't mean they'll give up
," Riven stated. "
Phobos is going to send someone to attack Fadden Hills and erect the Star of Threbe, so we need to be prepared
."

Roxy and Orube nodded. "I understand," Orube said. "Best of luck."

"
And Roxy?
" Roy said. "
You be careful out there
."

Roy smiled as he saw Roxy blush through his helmet comlink. Roxy nodded in response and ended the transmission soon afterwards.

"Looks like there's something going on between you and Roxy," Sky teased. "What do you see in her?"

"A good fighting spirit," Roy replied back. "You all saw as well as I did how well she held up in the Battle of Earth against the Lurden. She's very skilled with swords."

"And so is Bloom," Sky said. "I taught her how to use the Sword of Domino."

"It seems like we always have something to do with the way our girls are adapting to new forms of combat," Riven mused. "I've been trying to find something special to do for Musa myself."

"What do you have planned for her so far?" Timmy asked.

"Oh, just something back at the shop in Red Fountain," Riven explained. "I'm trying to keep this a secret, so if Musa asks, tell her that I'm meeting with AC/DC Members and nothing more."

"Oh, she'll be jealous to learn about AC/DC," Nabu teased as they neared the Train Station. "I hear she's into all kinds of bands… but hates someone named Justin Bieber."

"That sounds like the kind of guy
anyone
could hate just by hearing his name!" Timmy remarked.

"Okay, guys, we're here," Sky said as he stopped his bike. The rest of the Specialists stopped their own bikes as well. "It looks like this Station hasn't been used in quite a long time."

Nabu walked over towards a sign on the Station. "This Station went out of service in 1945," he said. "Seventy years ago!"

"And still, the tracks are here," Timmy said as he felt the tracks. "They're still fresh, too."

Brandon looked around the Station with Roy. The two searched for the Star of Threbe Symbol that Stormy put there earlier.

"What have you got?" Riven asked as he searched with Nabu.

"So far, nothing," Roy said. "It looks like a lot went on here following Stormy and Orube's battle. We can't find a Mark of Phobos or anything!"

"Keep searching," Sky ordered as he kept his sword ready to be drawn. Little did he know that there was someone watching him from the water tower above. "You will never know when something might happen."

At that moment, the figure in the water tower jumped down at Sky with a silver bladed version of his sword. Sky's eyes focused on the surprise attacker and he unsheathed his sword, swinging it towards the attacker. The attacker grinned and twirled around, landing on the ground before Sky took out his blaster and shot at him.

"Like this!" Sky exclaimed to himself.

"So,
you're
the King of Eraklyon?" the new figure asked. He had black hair, dark pale skin, and a red streak on the left side of his hair. "I was expecting someone with your reputation to be a little…
older
." He teased.

"And you are…?" Sky asked.

"Danny Magnus," the armed teen replied. "Leader of the Paladins."

"Who the hell are the Paladins?" Sky asked. "Do you work for Phobos?"

"You see?" Danny asked as he placed his sword on his shoulder. "Nothing ever gets past you."

Sky narrowed his eyes at Danny before he pressed his earcom. "Specialists, we have unfriendly visitors," he told everyone. "They're here to stop us from destroying the Mark of Phobos."

"They're already one step ahead of us!" Timmy exclaimed as he and Riven backed into one another. "We can't even
find
it!"

At that moment, two figures leapt in front of Timmy and Riven respectively.

One of the new figures had red hair and grey armor, armed with two sickles, and the other had white hair and was armed with a fencing sword, the blade the same as the ones that the Specialists had.

"We've got company!" Nabu exclaimed as he, Helia, Brandon and Roy looked to see four more figures appear out of nowhere and surround them.

One of the four figures was pale-skinned and had green hair. He held a scythe in his hands.

The second figure had blue hair and wielded twin bolas.

The third figure was armed with claws on his wrists. He had black hair, brown skin and purple eyes.

The fourth figure was armed with a Double-Bladed Sword, glowing green like Brandon's.

"Nice crew you have here," Sky said as he readied his Sword. "Almost looks as good as the Specialists."

"Not even
close!
" Danny quipped as he held out his own sword. "We're
better!
"

"Let's put that to the test." Sky said. He swung his sword down and charged towards Danny.

"Paladins, attack!" Danny ordered as he charged back at Sky.

The rest of the Specialists all ran towards the Paladins. In response, the Paladins charged right back at them.

Riven clashed with a Paladin whose weapons matched his own. The two locked blades for a while before Riven took out his blaster and shot at the Paladin. The Paladin grinned and deflected all of the blasts before throwing a shuriken towards Riven. Riven scoffed and tossed his boomerang in response, getting both of the flying weapons to collide with each other in midair.

Helia leapt over several crates nearby and used his cords to grab some of them. He threw them at the Paladin with the bolas, who simply punched them in response. He used his bolas to create dust from the ground before swinging it towards Helia. Helia, however, made a shield with his cords before the two shot their cords at each other. The two were now locked in a standoff.

Brandon grabbed the sword arm of the Paladin he was up against and attempted to bring his sword down onto him. The Paladin punched Brandon away just as he was about to cut down onto him, knocking the Specialist away. Brandon staggered back before the Paladin spun around his bladed staff. Brandon managed to fend him off with his sword, both bladed weapons clashing with one another. Brandon soon pushed the Paladin a distance away from him before running after him to continue the battle.

At the same time, Timmy leapt over some seats in the Station, avoiding blasts from another one of the Paladins. The Paladin Timmy was up against fired at him several times before Timmy shot back at him with his own blaster. The two scattered so they could avoid the blasts before Timmy unsheathed his sword. He deflected more blasts from the Paladin before the Paladin took out a Katana and swung it around. The two charged at each other once more.

Nabu struck his staff down at another one of the Paladins. The Paladin blocked this attack with his scythe before swinging back at Nabu. Nabu leapt back and spun around his staff several times, sending magical energy towards the Paladin. The Paladin chuckled and countered back by sending bullets at Nabu from his scythe. Both blasts collided with each other in midair.

"It's about time we found some worthy opponents," Nabu mused. "You're not too bad."

"I could say the same about you," the Paladin replied back. "Too bad only one of us is going to be leaving here alive!"

Roy swung at another Paladin with his javelin. The Paladin struck back with his naginata and broke off with Roy before the seventh Specialist held his hand out.

"Triton Aura!" Roy called out.

"Very well," the Paladin remarked as he held his own hand out. "Two can play at that game," he quipped. "Now, Hade Breaker!"

Roy's Triton Aura and the Paladin's Hades Breaker clashed in midair, creating an explosion that knocked the two back.

"Whoa!" Roy exclaimed. "This guy packs quite a punch!"

Sky and Danny ran towards each other, clashing blades with each other immediately. The two stared each other down intently before circling their blades around in front of them, trying to find a way around to get to each other. The two soon broke off and slashed at each other across the chest, forcing each other to be sent back.

Sky took out his blaster while Danny did the same. Both of them shot at each other, but were forced to deflect the shots once they reached each other. Sky and Danny advanced towards one another, both deflecting laser bolts through their swords. When the two were close enough, the laser bolts bounced off of the blades more rapidly. Still, the leader of the Specialists and the leader of the Paladins did not back down from the fight. As soon as the two were close enough to one another, they slashed their swords at one another, accidentally letting the loose laser bolts fly all over the place. Sky and Danny leapt over one another and deflected the blaster bolts before they eventually sent them off to the side. One blaster bolt hit a bell while the other hit the water tower. As soon as the blaster bolts were out of the way, Sky and Danny turned around, clashing with one another once again.

"You're not too bad!" Danny exclaimed as he was being pushed back by Sky. "It would be quite a shame to report to King Phobos that I lost to such a worthy opponent!"

"One King to another… he's going down!" Sky yelled. He ran towards Danny and slammed his blade onto him again, only for Danny to slash him away.

All of the Specialists continued to clash with the Paladins. As they did, Selina came out from the shadows and watched everything. A grin came onto her face as she stroked the top of her Serpent Staff as if it were sentient.

"Such chaos…" Selina said to herself. She opened up her Legendarium and chuckled as she looked through the pages. "I think… this calls for even
more
fun." She said before tearing a page out. She laughed and threw it out into the open, where a Cyclops was created.

"Bryton! Adam! Find that Star of Threbe and make sure the Specialists don't try and get it!" Danny yelled. "Charlie, go and help them!"

"Roy! Brandon! Stop them!" Sky ordered.

Bryton, the Paladin facing off against Roy, ran off to find the Star of Threbe. However, Roy ran off right behind him.

Adam chuckled as he broke off with Brandon. He sent a left-handed salute and ran to find the Star of Threbe as well, but Brandon got in his way again.

Timmy landed a blast on the Paladin he was up against, Charlie, at last. Charlie spun around in the air and landed back on his feet. He took out a homing device and ran off, trying to find the Star of Threbe. Timmy growled and took off after him.

Brandon and Adam both ran around to the back of the Train Station. However, as soon as they reached there, Brandon tackled Adam. Adam growled and kicked Brandon away before Timmy and Charlie arrived. Following them were Roy and Bryton.

"Out of our way!" Adam exclaimed. "The Star of Threbe is here to stay!"

"Then where is it?" Timmy asked.

Charlie looked to his scanner. He angrily smacked his hand against it as only static came out.

"That Star could be anywhere!" Charlie exclaimed. "Because Stormy died, I can't get a lock on the Emblem!"

"You mean that one?" Timmy asked, looking to the side.

Everyone looked to where Timmy was looking. On the ground next to the Coal Hopper was a blinking Star of Threbe Symbol.

Sky and Danny clashed blades with each other until they heard what Timmy had just said. The two stopped battling and looked over to the Coal Hopper, seeing the Star of Threbe.

"That's not where King Phobos claimed it to be." Danny stated.

"There's a strong imbalance of magic residing from this Star," Nabu said as he and the rest of the Specialists came over. "I'm guessing that when Flora killed Stormy, and since Stormy was the one who put the Star of Threbe here, her magic caused the Star of Threbe to fade in and out of existence here in Fadden Hills."

"Meaning…?" Danny asked.

"Think of the Star of Threbe as trying to make up its mind," Nabu said as he placed his scepter over the Star of Threbe. "It is trying to decided whether or not to stay. If it decides to stay, Phobos gets to have two cities down for the count," he explained. "If it decides to leave and fade away, however…"

"Fadden Hills is lost!" Riven exclaimed.

"Forever, I'm afraid," Nabu said, acknowledging Riven's outburst. "The magic here is out of balance. We need to fix it… or else nobody wins."

Sky nodded. "I think I get the gist of it," he said before turning to the rest of the Specialists. "Specialists… we need to find a way to destroy the Star of Threbe for good if this part of Earth is to remain intact."

"We can't let you do that, I'm afraid, even under the circumstances," Danny said. "King Phobos gave us orders to protect the Star of Threbe at all costs."

"Don't think that we're just going to let you do this." Sam, the Paladin that Riven was facing, remarked.

"Everyone loses if this thing fades away," Helia said. "You're either in or out."

All of a sudden, a roar filled the air. The Specialists and the Paladins all looked around, trying to find the source of the roar.

"What the hell was that?" David asked. David was the Paladin that Helia was up against.

At that moment, a Cyclops appeared and destroyed some nearby buffers. It roared once again and swung around its club.

"Where did
that
come from?!" Riven exclaimed.

"You have anything to do with this?" Sky asked Danny.

"Me?" Danny asked. "I thought it was
you
who called for backup!"

"The Star!" Todd, the Paladin who was fighting Nabu, exclaimed. "It's gone!"

Sky and Danny both readied their swords. "Nabu, Roy, get a fix on the Star of Threbe," Sky ordered. "We need to get rid of it before it can get rid of Fadden Hills!" he exclaimed before looking to Danny. "Danny, you and the Paladins might as well help," he said. "From the looks of that battle, it seems like you and your men are just as strong as we are!"

Danny sighed. "Very well," he said. "But this doesn't mean we like you," he spat at Sky. He turned around and nudged his head. "Todd, Bryton, help out the Specialists with our dilemma," he ordered to the two Paladin Counterparts of Nabu and Roy. "I have a feeling we're all going to have to work together if we are going to get out of
this
one alive."

Selina chuckled as she placed her hand to her chin. "Interesting…" she said to herself as a grin came onto her face. "Looks like things are turning out for the better after all." She mused.

Sky and Danny both charged towards the Cyclops and slashed at it. The Cyclops just used its club to block their blades before shooting fire from its eye, knocking the two leaders off of the ground.

"
Our
turn!" Helia exclaimed as he and David ran up.

The Cyclops chuckled and leapt into the air.

Helia and David both looked up as the Cyclops landed. The two swung at the Cyclops from both sides, trapping it in place.

"Riven! Now!" Helia called out.

"Go for it, Sam!" David yelled.

Riven and Sam both ran at the Cyclops and swung their blades down onto it. The Cyclops groaned and stumbled backwards, falling into a shed at the side of the tracks.

Brandon and Adam both unsheathed their blades and slashed at the Cyclops together, sending it through the shed.

All of a sudden, a train horn sounded off.

"Incoming train!" Charlie called out.

"Cargo train!" Timmy added on. "It's a runaway train too!"

Selina chuckled from the shadows as she looked to the Legendarium. "This just keeps getting better and better!" she exclaimed quietly.

"We found the Star of Threbe!" Nabu called out.

Sky and Danny both nodded. They looked to one another.

"Sky, I've got an idea," Danny said. "But you have to follow my lead."

"You got it," Sky said. "What do we need to do?"

"Timmy! Charlie! Lure that Cyclops to the bridge!" Danny called out. "We're going to throw it overboard!"

Timmy and Charlie both nodded and started to shoot at the Cyclops.

Selina watched in amusement as the two sniper Specialists led the Cyclops onto the bridge, just as the runaway train came by.

"Now!" Sky exclaimed.

Sky and Danny both leapt onto the train, getting it to ride towards the Cyclops.

Timmy and Charlie both grinned and got away from the Cyclops just as Sky and Danny came over. The Cyclops covered his eye while Sky and Danny leapt off the runaway train.

"Hey, what's that?" Agent Roman asked as the runaway train suddenly fell from the bridge.

"Looks like a Cyclops getting hit by a train and falling off a bridge," the man said as the two drank coffee. "So, you thinking about that vacation?"

"Only when this all blows over." Agent Roman replied.

Everyone watched as the Cyclops fell over the bridge.

Meanwhile, the Trix and Nerissa were watching everything happen with Dark Bloom behind them at the throne.

"What just
happened?
" Darcy asked.

"My, my. It seems that the Paladins and the Specialists seemed to have been forced to work together, it seems," Dark Bloom mused. Her eyes widened, as if she were in shock. "I remember now!" she exclaimed, causing the remainder of the QuadraTrix to look to her strangely. "Before Stormy was killed, it was her who put the Star of Threbe in place in Fadden Hills. This does not bode well for us, my friends. Not well at all."

"Where are you getting at with this, Dark Bloom?" Nerissa asked as she raised an eyebrow.

"The Stars of Threbe all depend on your energies," Dark Bloom started to explain. "Considering Stormy and Orube battled in Fadden Hills, and put the Star of Threbe in place at the same time… the destruction of it could end all hopes of bringing her back." She said with a devilish grin on her face.

"They're going to take out our Sister!" Icy exclaimed.

"And those Specialists have tricked the Paladins into helping them!" Darcy exclaimed.

"I would suggest you stop them… and take them
both
down for the count," Dark Bloom said as she walked down from the throne. "You all have a grudge against the Specialists… and the Paladins are just as good as dead."

"I agree," Nerissa said. "I don't care
what
King Phobos will say. We need to get revenge for Stormy!"

"I couldn't agree with you more," Icy said. She, Darcy and Nerissa all flew off. "Sisters! Revenge is ours!"
"And the throne is soon to be mine…" Dark Bloom said evilly as she looked to the throne.

"You think that's it?" Danny asked.

"They can't climb, so… yeah," Sky replied. "How's the Star of Threbe coming along?"

At that moment, Nabu, Roy, Todd and Bryton were all blasted away to the edge, where the rest of the Specialists and the Paladins were. Sky and Danny both looked down to their comrades before they got back up, seeing Icy, Darcy and Nerissa come over. All of them were glowing with energy and were armed for battle.

"The QuadraTrix!" Sky exclaimed.

Nabu and Roy both got up as the Specialists all readied their weapons.

"What are you doing here?" Danny asked. "This mission is to be ours, the mission of the Paladins! Your Sister will come back, we promise!"

"You are trying to pre
vent
Stormy from reviving!" Darcy exclaimed. "By destroying the Star of Threbe, you are destroying the only chance of her coming back to life!"

"You don't understand!" Nabu called out. "If the Star of Threbe here isn't destroyed, not only Stormy will die, but this City as well!"

"Enough lies!" Icy exclaimed. "We won't allow for this low act of murder…
or
this sign of treachery!"

"We are not betraying Lord Phobos, we are saving this City for his plans!" Adam exclaimed. "What has clouded you?!"

"Do
not
interfere, Paladins!" Nerissa called out, aiming her staff at them. "Either you are with us… or ag
ainst
us!"

"We are not standing down, not from the likes of you," Danny said. "If it's a fight you want…" he added on as he and the rest of the Paladins came up alongside Sky and the Specialists. "You've
got
one!"

"Sisters… attack!" Icy commanded.

Sky, Danny, the Specialists and the Paladins charged towards Icy, Darcy and Nerissa. It was not long before the battle commenced.

Sky, Danny, Roy and Bryton all charged at Icy. The Ice Queen slashed her Ice Rapiers down at the four Specialists, but they all used their blades to block them. Danny and Bryton both held Icy's blades at bay while Sky and Roy both shot her away. Icy groaned as she was sent back, but she flew into the air and shot icicles down onto the four.

"Going somewhere?" Roy asked. He shot up his cords at Icy, catching her. Icy gasped before she was swung down to the ground, where Danny and Bryton slashed her back up into the air.

"She's
mine!
" Sky exclaimed as Danny and Bryton slashed her into the air.

Sky leapt up off of the ground and met Icy in midair. He slashed down at her fiercely, and since the Ice Witch had no time to respond, she was forced to endure the pain before getting slammed back down to the ground below.

Riven and Sam both swung at Darcy, who blocked all of their attacks with her scythe. As the two were pushing her back, Brandon and Adam ran in and punched her away. Darcy did her best to stand her ground, but she was no match for the combined power of the Specialists and the Paladins. In a desperate attempt, she threw her scythe at the four, but Brandon and Riven cut it in half before letting Sam and Adam blast her away.

Nabu and Todd both spun their staffs around to avoid the attacks Nerissa was sending at them. Nerissa cackled and sent Quintessence at them, but both Nabu and Todd, specialized in magic, held their ground before allowing Timmy and Charlie to open fire on her. Nerissa growled and spun around her staff, creating a shield that protected her.

"You'll have to try harder than
that!
" Nerissa exclaimed.

"That's ex
actly
what we plan to do!" Nabu exclaimed, holding his Staff out in front of him. "Scepter of Andros!" he called out, placing his scepter in front of him straight-up. "Orb of the Seven Seas!" he announced, his voice echoing. "Full Power!"

Nerissa watched in shock as Nabu sent his Orb of the Seven Seas straight at her. She yelled in pain before she was engulfed in energy. She was soon sent back, weakened by the attack.

At that moment, King Phobos flew in. He transformed from Phoenix to human and growled angrily.

"What is going on?!" Phobos demanded.

"The Star of Threbe here must go!" Sky called out, causing Phobos to growl at him. "Because Stormy's life is on the balance, the Star of Threbe is not going to just take the City, but Stormy's life too! Either you change your plans, or you risk the life of a witch!"

"Is this true, Daniel?" King Phobos asked the Paladin Leader.

Danny nodded.

"Very well," King Phobos said. "From one king to another, I shall withdraw my forces," he announced. "But do not expect this to be over!" he proclaimed before teleporting away the witches and the Paladins.

"And the Star of Threbe?" Riven asked.

Everyone looked to the ground, seeing that it had disappeared.

"They'll be back, you know." Brandon told Sky.

Sky nodded. "I know," he said. "And when they return… we'll be ready."

Agent Roman and his men came up.

"Where is the Star?" Roman asked.

"Gone for now," Nabu said. "But it's in another city."

"You'd better head back to Gardenia," Roman said. "We'll take care of the rest from here."

The Specialists soon met with the Winx and WITCH back in Gardenia.

"This means that Phobos will find another city to put his Star of Threbe." Wendy said.

"And we don't know which one." Musa added on.

"It gives us all the better reason to be ready," Will said. "We can't let our guards down now."

Back in the Omega Dimension, King Phobos was blasting fire at the QuadraTrix.

"What gave you the idea that it was okay to prevent the destruction of the Star of Threbe?!" Phobos demanded. "Stormy's life is preserved within it, and now, I have to move it to another city!"

"We only wanted what was best," Icy said. "Please… we want our Sister back."

"And you shall," Dark Bloom said. "But first… why don't you get revenge on the Fairy who still lives?"

Everyone looked up as Dark Bloom grinned. She showed them Flora still alive.

Roars of anguish now shook the Omega Dimension, all never-ending.


Author's Notes
: Well, everyone, did you like my new Chapter? I sure hope you did, because I put a lot of effort into this one. I know it's not as long as the others, but I am doing the best I can, I swear. I shall try my very best to have another new Chapter out as soon as I can. Please review, rate, and as always, if you can, Private Message me for anything on the Story. After all, I'm always keen to hear from you. For now, this is
SuperHeroTimeFan
, wishing you all a Merry Christmas! Enjoy the Holiday, everyone! See you all soon!


>