


Hi! This is actually my first time writing any type of fan fiction, and honestly, I can't say I'm surprised that it's a Malec one! I really would love any constructive criticism, so please don't hold back! I hope you enjoy! Also, this chapter is much,
much
shorter than future chapters will be; consider this more of an introduction.




"And this is your dorm room, where you'll be living for the remainder of the school year. Each room has its own bathroom, a moderately sized walk in closet…"

Alec sighed as he looked around the dorm room, no longer paying attention to his new dean as he pointed out each and every aspect of the room. He still couldn't believe that his father sent him here, in the middle of his senior year, no less. All he wanted to do was lay down, and maybe not wake up for a while. The dean, who stood next to the boy, clapped his hands and turned to face Alec with a smile on his face.

"Well, that's all there is you need to know! If you have any questions, feel free to ask. Oh! Here," he handed Alec a stack of papers, "these are just some school policies, and your schedule is some where in there as well. You start class tomorrow at 8:00 in the morning, don't be late!" And with that, he left the room, leaving Alec to be alone with his thoughts.

The moment the door shut he dropped his bag onto one of the beds, going straight to the bathroom to freshen up.

After taking his time to brush his teeth, wash his face, and change into his pajamas, he finally looked at the mirror. Alec's normally bright blue eyes seemed dull, whether it's due to his tiredness or his bad mood though, he wasn't too sure. The fluorescent lighting in the bathroom only made his already pale skin seem nearly translucent, the contrast between it and his strikingly dark hair even sharper now.


I need to rest,
the boy thought, letting his eyes fall from the mirror as he stepped out of the bathroom and to his bed.
Let's just hope this isn't as bad as I'm expecting it to be.


And with that last thought, Alec's head hit the pillow and sleep came almost instantly. After the passed few days, he was exhausted, and nothing could wake him up anytime soon.

Not even his roommate finally entering.

>