


So I've just realized that I haven't made a formal disclaimer! While I'm sure you all know, I (sadly) do not own Alec Lightwood, Magnus Bane, or any other familiar characters or concepts that were created by the lovely Cassandra Clare.


A few minutes later—after he made sure had had everything he needed, again—Alec was making his way towards the school building. He decided that if there was one good thing about being forced to go to this school, it was how much longer he was able to sleep in the morning. At his old school, he needed to take two trains and a bus to get there, which meant he has to wake up hours before school actually started. Here, however, with the school building only a short walk across campus, Alec could fit in an extra hour or two of sleep every night.

Today was just another day of school to all the other students that Alec passed on his way. Laughing groups of friends, the girl with her nose in a book as she walked, the boy that clipped Alec's shoulder as he ran by: they were all blissfully unaware of Alec and the anxiety he was experiencing.

The thoughts that ran though Alec's mind were not the most encouraging ones. All he could think about was what his classmates would think of him. Would he make friends? Probably not.

It wasn't that Alec had trouble making friends; it was just that he had never put much of an effort into it. He'd grown up with his two best friends: his sister, Isabelle, and Jace, who may as well be considered his brother. They were the only two people, perhaps besides his
actual
little brother, that Alec needed in his life.

Thinking of them caused an ache in Alec's heart. He didn't know when the next time he would see them would be. Now that he thought about it, Alec wasn't even sure if he was allowed back into his house. Surely he was, he had to go somewhere during school breaks. And even if he wasn't, he knew that Izzy would at least visit him occasionally.

After only a short time of walking, Alec arrived at the school building. It was the center of all the buildings on campus, which consisted of the boy and girl dorm rooms, the sports building, the teachers building, and the infirmary.

Alec took a deep breath, mentally preparing himself for the day ahead of him. He checked his map of the school one last time, locating both his locker and his first period class. With a nod, he folded up the map and placed it into his pocket. Alec knew that walking around while clutching a map all day would most definitely make him stick out. Finally, he walked up the stairs and through the doors of the building.

The halls were packed. Alec hadn't realized that so many people attended this school, and it seemed as if none of them were even in any of the classrooms yet, all of them waiting for the first period bell to ring. He hoped that didn't mean no one was even
allowed
in any of the classrooms this early.

Alec kept his head down and quickly weaved in and out between students, wanting to make it to his destination as soon as possible. He decided he would skip going to his locker right now, and avoid the most crowded halls. All he wanted to do was get inside a classroom, where there would be less people.

Within minutes, he made it to his first class of the day: Social Studies. No one else was in the classroom yet, but the open door signaled that Alec was allowed to go inside. He sighed in relief, at least he wouldn't get stuck sitting up front. Alec walked straight to the back of the classroom and took a seat at the desk in the corner, waiting for the class to start.

ooooooooooooooooooooooooo

Alec's first two classes of the day went by uneventfully. While his classmates did seem confused as to why someone would just be transferring to a new school, no one actually said anything to him about it. All he could hope for was that the rest of the day, or even the rest of the year, would be like this.

Unfortunately, Alec had no such luck. He took his seat in English, in the back again, and was just taking out a notebook when he heard a familiar voice.

"First my bed, now my seat?" Magnus said sounding amused.

Alec's eyes widened slightly and he looked up at Magnus. "Oh. I didn't realize…" Alec looked down as he picked up his book and began to get up out of the seat, only to be stopped by a hand on his shoulder.

"Don't worry about it, darling. I'd never make someone as pretty as you get up for me." Magnus smirked.

Alec looked back at Magnus and narrowed his eyes slightly. He wondered if he was making fun of him again, and decided that he probably was. Alec wasn't the kind of person to just allow himself to be treated that way. So Alec shrugged his shoulder out from under Magnus' hand and made a slightly disgusted noise, more to show that he didn't care than in actual disgust.

"It's fine, really." Alec said as he stood up, "I will get myself a different seat."

Alec didn't realize that Magnus had no idea what personal space was, until their faces were just inches from each other. Alec couldn't help but notice that he smelled mostly of smoke, and he wrinkled his nose up at the smell. Though under the overwhelming smell of cigarettes, there was a more appealing smell lingering, though Alec couldn't exactly put his finger on what it was.

ooooooooooooooooooooooooo

Magnus was looking down at Alec, who was surprisingly only a few inches shorter than him. He knew he was probably too close for the boy's comfort, but he never said he didn't enjoy making people uncomfortable.

He watched as Alec's nose wrinkled up, and although it was adorable, he felt insulted. "Is there a problem, Alec?"

Alec took a step back from Magnus and shook his head. "Nothing." With that, he walked to the front of classroom, choosing a new seat as far from Magnus as possible.


Sorry for the late chapter, and such a short one. You know when you just can't seem to write anything that's


good?


Well that happened.


>