

Chapter 9: An Unlikely Alliance

A/N: Yeah, I know it's been a little while, but my deadline is approaching and I wanted to get this story finished once and for all. Thanks to all of those who have read and reviewed thus far. Your encouraging words have been great and you are the reason I'm getting this done. So with no further rambling, here is the final battle between the Kraang, the Turtles, and the WWE Superstars.

Disclaimer: TMNT and all related characters re property of Nickelodeon. WWE and all related characters are property of Vince McMahon. I'm only using them for my own amusement.

After Leo called John, the Superstars left the sewers and headed to the alley where they were supposed to meet the Turtles. They were walking around, and many humans either freaked out or thought their costumes were cool. As they were making their way to the alley, a familiar face appeared and blinked in surprise when he spotted the Superstars.

"Holy shit, is this an alien invasion?" he asked.

John did a double take. "DDP, is that you?" he asked.

"Yeah, it's me, DDP," Page said. "And how do you guys know my name?"

"I'm John Cena, bitch," John replied. "Me and my buddies switched bodies with some mutant turtles. We're on our way to meet them and get this mess sorted out."

DDP was stunned. "Whoa, and I thought the shit Michael Bay came up with was whacked," he commented. "Hey, mind if I tag along?"

"Sure, you can come with us," John answered.

"Are you sure you want him along, John?" Randy asked him. "I don't think he'll be that useful if we're facing something really bad."

"Dude, you forget who you're talking about," John told him. "This is a guy who faced the New World Order and stood up to them multiple times. I think we can use him."

Randy sighed. "Well, if you say so," he relented.

So DDP joined the Superstars and met the Turtles in the alley. The Turtles were stunned to see DDP there, but they didn't mind it in the slightest.

Randy immediately started talking. "Okay, what the hell was up with that match?" he demanded. "It was awful."

"Hey, we just did what we thought was best," Raph defended. "At least we got people talkin' about us."

"Yeah, and now they're gonna say we're the laughingstock of the WWE," Randy replied.

"And what's with that phrase you were yelling?" Daniel asked Mikey. "I don't say anything like that."

"I just thought it would be cool to do," Mikey answered. "I always wanted to try that, so I did."

"And now fans are gonna demand that I yell that, too," Daniel reminded him.

"Guys, enough," Leo ordered. "We have to find out where the Kraang are. Donnie, do you have anything that could help us locate where their headquarters is?"

Don shook his head. "No, but I do think I know someone who can help out," he said. He grabbed his T-Phone and dialed April's number. April answered on the first ring.

"Donnie?" she asked.

"Yep, it's me, April, and we're gonna need your help," Don answered.

"Wait, you don't sound like Donnie," April remarked.

"No, I've switched bodies with a wrestler," Don told her. "Look, we just need you to come down here and help us."

"Okay, but I don't really like the sound of it," April said.

Not long after April arrived and was shocked at everyone that was gathered I the alley. "Wow, you really DID get switched, didn't you?" she asked.

"Yep," Don said. "Now, see if you can sense where the Kraang Headquarters are. We need to find them in order to finish this."

"You think the Kraang are behind this?" April asked him.

"Well, they're the only ones who make sense at this point," Don told her.

"Okay, I'll try," April said. She closed her eyes and concentrated until she sensed what she needed to. "I've got a track on them. They're in the abandoned warehouse two blocks from here."

"Thanks, April, we owe you one," Leo said. "We'll take it from here."

"Wait, I want to go with you!" April protested.

"Sorry, April, but it's too dangerous," Leo told her. "We can't risk the Kraang capturing you."

April crossed her arms over her chest. "So, I'm just here to track the Kraang while you guys do the dirty work again?" she snapped.

"Pretty much," Raph replied.

"I can't believe you guys!" she cried. "This is so unfair!" And with that she turned on her heel and stomped off, complaining about how the Turtles never let her in on the missions yet they were going to allow wrestlers who didn't know ninjitsu to accompany them.

After she was gone, the Turtles and Superstars made their way to the abandoned warehouse. Randy wanted to bust the door down, but Leo told him it wasn't a good idea and that they had to use stealth to get in. They climbed up the building and made their way through a window which led to a catwalk of sorts. Below them were the Kraang milling about and they also spotted some sort of ray gun with them.

"That must be the thing that switched us," Don mused.

"How do you propose we go about this?" Damien asked him.

"All of you need to distract the Kraang while I go down there and try to configure the ray gun to switch us back," Don replied.

"Good idea, Donnie," Leo praised him. "But we're gonna need our weapons."

John smiled and handed Leo his swords while the other Superstars handed the Turtles their weapons as well.

Mikey cradled his nunchucks. "Aww, there are my babies," he said. "Daddy missed you. Did you miss Daddy?"

Randy looked at Raph. "Is he always like this?"

Raph nodded. "All of the time," he replied. "You get used to it."

John turned to Leo. "So what are we supposed to do?" he asked him.

"Do anything you can to distract the Kraang," Leo told him. "Use your wrestling moves if you have to."

"Good idea," John said.

"Okay, let's do this, boys," Leo said. He motioned for the Superstars to jump down first, which they did.

"Kraang, it is the ones who are known as the Turtles," a Kraang said.

The Turtles jumped down next and Leo said, "No, we are the ones who are known as the Turtles."

"Kraang is confused. The ones who claim they are the ones known as the Turtles are the ones who are called humans."

"That's because you switched us, you dumbass!" Randy snarled.

"Kraang, the ones known as the Turtles must not get away," another Kraang said.

Leo gave the signal, and the Turtles and Superstars attacked. The Turtles used their weapons to great effect, taking down as many Kraang as they could. The Superstars tried to use their wrestling moves to subdue the Kraang as well. Randy and DDP were doing a great job taking down a lot of Kraang with the Diamond Cutter and RKO. Daniel tried his running knee move, but it just ended up hurting him. John defended him by giving a Kraang who was going for Daniel an Attitude Adjustment. Damien gave a few Kraang his Elbow of Disdain as well as a few clotheslines. Vince pretty much just tried punching some Kraang out, but that didn't really work. Luckily, Splinter was also there to defend the Chairman and fend off the Kraang with his awesome ninja moves. Amidst all of this, Don made his move and went for the ray. He started fiddling with it until he managed to get it working again. Kraang tried to stop him, but he managed to fend them off with the help of his brothers and the Superstars.

One of the Kraang's eyes widened. "This is definitely known as not good," he said as the ray came to life and enveloped the Superstars and Turtles in a bright light.

When the light subsided, Don looked down and saw that he had his body again. "It worked!" he cried. "All hail me!"

"Great now let's get out of here," Leo said. Everyone came together and Leo used a smoke bomb to help them escape. Once they were on the surface, everyone seemed relieved.

"Man, I'm glad that's over," Mikey declared.

"Yeah, now we can get back to our normal lives," Daniel agreed.

"I think we can all agree that we shouldn't share this with anyone," Leo warned them.

"Oh, I'm not telling anyone about this," Randy said. "If I did, they'd just say I was crazy."

"It was nice fightin' alongside you guys," John said. "You guys are pretty cool dudes. Maybe we can stay in touch and you can join us at an event sometime."

"We'd like that, if Sensei says it's okay," Leo replied.

Splinter smiled. "I think we can arrange that, but we must be heavily disguised first."

"I think we owe you after what you did," Vince said. "Now let's get on with our lives so we can have the best Wrestlemania ever. We still have to plan for it, you know."

They all shook hands and parted ways, promising to keep in touch. It had definitely been a tough few days, but now things could go back to the way they were, at least for a little while.

A/N: Yeah, a bit of a corny ending, but it works. Only one more chapter to go and this story will be completely finished. In the meantime, feel free to leave a review and have a shelltastic day.

>