


Author's note:
Well, here it is the first one of the new stories I'll began to publish. This is an idea I had while watching Hokuto no Ken and thinking about rewriting my other warcraft story. This is going to be a different story altogether even though the setting is the same.

Many people has been asking me about updating The White Wolf Of Azeroth. But the truth is, now that I'm a more experienced writer and have improved my knowledge of speech and orthography. I took a look at that story that I began when I was a rookie writer and I said; WHAT THE FUCK WAS I THINKING!?

I realized I was making a very poor job in developing that story, too many stupid and silly things that I included that reduced drastically the feeling of the story and I also tended to use many chapters to experiment different writing styles since I was still searching and developing my own back then.

That story is now cancelled and pending a major rewriting, though I will not start working in the rewrite until The Witcher 3 is released and I play it. Since I seen the trailers, I've noticed I can use many elements of the upcoming game in my new story. Especially that issue about the wild hunt, I believe that is the key to send Geralt to another world. But I'll have to learn more about before trying to work it.

Anyway, in the meantime, check the prologue to my new story and tell me what you people think.


Prologue


Rebirth of a Star


Kenshiro found himself in a strange place, an immense expanse of absolute nothingness. Darkness surrounded him by all sides and there was no trace or sight of anything or anyone as far as he could see. He was confused as to how he had stumbled inside this place; his last memories were those of his own deathbed with Ryu looking down at him with tears in his eyes.

The memory of the son of Raoh, his once upon a time brother and rival, brought a faint smile to the face of the hardened warrior and a deep feeling of pride swealling inside his chest. He had finally managed to surpass him years ago and had become the next heir of the Hokuto Shinken.

This little reminiscence gave Kenshiro an idea of where he was currently at. He had died, after many decades traveling the wastelands but still managing to remain strong and healthy as a young man in his prime due to his intense training to completely master the art of Hokuto Shinken, old age had finally caught up to him and he had died peacefully on a bed and under the care of his successor.

After living a harsh life in the wastelands, for the world had turned a cruel and unforgiving place after the nuclear war, he supposed that his passing was a very nice way to go. A staunch contrast with the life he lived and something that many would consider a commodity in this harsh era.

Unlike many, he was not afraid of death. He had lived a long life and done and saw many incredible things along the road while helping anyone who crossed paths with him. He had done all he could to help the people in this new unforgiving era and now new traces of civilization were starting to grow in the once deserted lands, he had done his part, now it was time for the next generation to do its own. He needed not fear for them, for he was more than certain than Ryu will keep his legacy living on.

"

You are right in that matter. Your apprentice will make sure to protect the people of this new world.

" Said a voice behind Kenshiro.

The successor of the Hokuto Shinken turned around sharply to face whomever has spoken, what he found was nothing that he has ever seeing before. It looked like a man, only that he was tall almost as tall as him. His features were concealed by a mask fashioned in the form of a face that reflected everything that was standing in front of him like a mirror; he was clad in a strange black robe that covered his entire frame from sight, at least he thought his garment to be a robe for it weaved and billowed as if it was smoke. The only part of his body that was visible were his hands that were long thin and pale. They look pretty refined and delicate, yet at the same time, strong and powerful as if they were of a great monarch or nobility. His hair was long and lustrous with a slight waving, especially at its tips, it was of a color as black as ebony with a beauty that could be considered unnatural. The ears that could be barely sticking out from underneath the black mane were long, pale, delicate and… pointy, they sported many earrings made of gold and gemstones. His eyes, which could be seen through the holes of the mask, were also something not from this world. For there was no white in those eyes, only a deep and bright gold upon gold, they almost looked as if they were a precious stone instead of eyes. In short, Kenshiro was really surprised by the figure in front of him.

"

Greetings, Kenshiro. Do not be alarmed, I just wish to have a few words with you. I assume you already starting to suspect that you're no longer among the world of the living?

" Said the man cordially, making not a single threatening gesture that could put the former master of Hokuto on edge.

Kenshiro gave him a light nod in reply. "I'm dead am I not? I remember passing from the world on my deathbed. Seeing this void all around me, it is safe to assume that I'm already on the afterlife and if not, then I'm a transitory state before entering the other life. So I take it you are here for me?" said the powerful warrior without hesitation.

"

Quite! Your guess was almost spot-on, almost. For you see, I'm not here for the reasons you suspect

"

A small frown appeared on Kenshiro's face, he wasn't expecting this turn of developments "Then what it's your reason for seeking me here, if you're not here to take me to the other side?"

The man turn his head at a side, as if embarrassed "

I admit that my only reason for being here is because of a whim.

" He looked back at Kenshiro with unconcerned eyes "

I was curious, you see, you are a very intriguing person Kenshiro. I've watched your life closely, the battles you have fought, the adversities you've endured, and the people you've saved. I been meaning to speak to you from a very long time, but I haven't had the opportunity since if I had tried to do what I'm about to, I would have put the designs of destiny and the future of your world in Jeopardy.

"

Kenshiro wasn't sure what to make of the things this man was saying, so he had to inquire more. "What do you mean by that?"

It was hard to read this man expression since it was mostly concealed by his mask and the cloak of smoke, but guiding himself by his posture it would seem he was amused. "

You may have not considered it before, since I know you're a very humble man. But you have been very important for this world. It is thanks to your efforts at fighting against the injustice of the world that traces of civilization are starting to appear back in the planet. Because of you, life is starting to grow back on the world and one day may dot the landscape once more. And with you passing down the torch to your apprentice, that future is almost a certainty.

"

Kenshiro gave a nod after hearing that, his expression betraying no emotion. "I'm glad that Ryu will keep the new world safe as the next successor of Hokuto Shinken. The people of the world deserve their happiness after so much tragedy."

"

Indeed, and it's all thanks to you. Even if you don't want to acknowledge it, the fact remains that it is because of your efforts that humanity, earth itself may completely be saved from doom. Such importance in the salvation of an entire world is what has keeping me from contacting you before; even for a being like myself who has a greater room to maneuver than most higher beings and entities, there are still things that not even I can get away with when pulling them off. That is why I had to wait for this moment. Now that you are dead, your destiny has already been achieved. You have fulfilled your role as savior of mankind and now your soul can move unto another plane. But I don't want for your soul to be wasted in the ultimately dull and boring afterlife or recycled completely in the wheel of reincarnation. I kind off have grown fond of you after witnessing all your struggles, so it is my desire to grant you a boon in a new life"



That last statement was enough to give a pause to the mighty martial artist, even if he particularly didn't mind spending an eternity of dull and uninterrupted peace in the company of his long death friends and acquaintances and in the other hand he was wise enough to understand to concept of reincarnation and not be bothered by it in the least. But he was curious as to what this being was offering him, since he seemed eager enough to meet for a long time. At the least he could let him say his piece before refusing in case he didn't agree with his terms.

"What do you mean by that?" he asked finally after a brief pause.

"

It is as I say; I will allow you to live a new life in a different world. A world that is much different, and yet, much the same like your own. It is dealing with its own troubled times, as any world has to deal with their own. But just like it happened to yours during the brief nuclear war, if things were to spiral out of control it could mean the end of all civilization. This destruction has only been kept at bay by the blood and sacrifice of great heroes that have lay down their lives in the pursuit of justice. But too many have already died, too many good people has been lost and things are only going to get worse… and many more lives will have to be sacrificed to keep evil from triumphing. It is my wish for you to prevent so many unnecessary loss of life.

"

Kenshiro kept his face impassive through the explanation, but he couldn't deny that the man now had his complete attention. He couldn't turn a blind eye to the suffering of others. "And what will you have me do if I were to go to this other world? What would be my objective?"

The man just stared back at him with the same impassiveness "

To prevent a war, to keep things from going out of hand, to save innocent lives; basically, for you to keep doing what you do best. And while you are at it, maybe you could find the happiness that you thought lost forever from your life in this new world.

"

Kenshiro had to mull things over in his head; he really couldn't turn down the opportunity to help others. The tenets of Hokuto forbid him from remain idle against injustice, but that doesn't mean that he should go and interfere in the matters of another world. He had to take things carefully. "Although I cannot deny the fact that I can't let injustice go unpunished if I can do something to correct it. Why should I meddle in the matters of another world? You said so yourself; my destiny has already been fulfilled. I fought long and hard to make it so and bring forth the salvation of my world. Why then, should I deny others from fighting their own battles and achieving their own destinies?"

The ethereal entity accepted that Kenshiro was raising a valid point with a nod, and he promptly delivered his counter argument. "

Because destiny is not something that it is carved into stone, it is constantly shifting and shaping itself and only through our efforts and determination can we ensure it becomes a certainty. But as you know, life is seldom a fair or easy thing. Many promising and brilliant people usually have their lives taken away or cut short; and their destinies truncated instead of becoming all that they could have been. Everybody should have the opportunity to develop their destiny as most brilliantly as they can. You can always be more than what you are now; you can always rise beyond the limitations of your life and become a truly remarkable thing. So is a sad thing to see many people with brilliants and beautiful destinies ahead of them having their lives cut short and never achieving their true potential. It is a very disheartening thing to witness, so it is my hope that you can protect this precious people and allow them to bloom and be all that they can be.

"

Kenshiro was rather touched by the honesty in the man's words, it truly sounded as an honorable task for the 64th successor of Hokuto to undertake. "It does sound to be a doable objective; do you truly have so much faith in me in accomplishing this enterprise?"

"

Of course.

" Replied the masked man immediately and without hesitation. "

You have already proven yourself more than able by becoming the savior of one world. Now, I'm asking you to save another. In truth, this is the main reason why I ask you to do this. This other world has no savior of its own. Yes, it has its own heroes and leaders that fight for the safety of their world as they should. But none of them has the strength to end the tides of strife that plague their land in waves. There's always one menace after another with very little time between a crisis and the next. And those that prove decisive to bring an end to the threat that is ravaging their world at a given time tend to fail and fall in the face of the next one. Too many lives have been lost already because of this issue; too many have fallen low from glory. Only a man of true resolve and strength like you; should be capable of ending the cycles of violence and hate that this world is condemned to suffer forever until it is swallowed whole by them. Only you, Savior of the end of the century, can achieve peace for this world and protect it from all threats.

"

"I see…" Replied Kenshiro in consideration "It appears my help is truly solely needed to bring and end to the strife. Very well, if this is what it is required of me to ensure the protection of the innocent; then as the 64th successor of the Hokuto Shinken, it is my duty to accept your offer."

The masked man was glad for that answer "

I'm relieved to hear that, for a moment I thought you would say no. Very well, before you go, there are some matters that need addressing. First of all, as you are right now will simply not do, I'll have to give back to you the youth and vigor that you've lost with age and put you back as you were in your prime.

"

And with that statement the masked man made a flick of his hand and strange shining particles and orbs of light were released from his palm and enveloped Kenshiro, who saw how his body, now old and wrinkled, began to rejuvenate and lose all the ravages suffered by time until he was as healthy and able as in his youth. All pains and aches were gone, the weariness in his muscles were lifted, all wrinkles and deformations disappeared, breathing became easier and he felt a rush of energy that he hadn't felt in decades. He felt alive, but how was that possible if he was supposed to be dead?

It's unnecessary to say that Kenshiro was more than awed by this turn of events "H… how?" he asked, taking a hand to his face to feel the smoothness of his skin back again.

"

Well… let's just say that Ryu will be more than a little surprised to see your body gone right in front of him.

" Replied the disguised man playfully "

Now, I must bring to light a very important matter. The world you are about to go is more different from your own than what you imagine. This world is a world were magic exists; as it is heavily laced on its foundations. So don't get surprised if you see people shooting lighting from their fingertips or that can make fire rain down from the sky. After restoring you back to your prime in the way I did it, I expect you not to be too skeptic about the existence of Magic. So you may have to tread carefully in some situations if magic were to be involved, underestimating any potential threat could prove being fatal as I'm sure you already know. So have a care will you? Although I'm sure the skills given to you by the mastery of your art will allow you to overcome any given situation, it doesn't hurt to be mindful of your steps too. Discretion is the best part of valor as they say.

"

That new information made Kenshiro to bring his hand to his chin in thought. He has never been in battle against an enemy that could wield honest-to-god magic and not tricks employed to give a cheap advantage against weaker opponents, he began to think how challenging could be to face such discipline "It truly appears that I should watch were I step while in this new world. But still, I will not let myself be intimidated by foreign or unknown abilities. Even if things reach a dire point, I cannot let the art of Hokuto be defeated without paying a steep price in exchange, even when facing against overwhelming odds"

"

I understand. That is one of the reasons why I chose you for this job.

" replied the masked man in agreement.

Kenshiro gave a nod in understanding "Is this all I should worry about? Or is there something else that I should take in consideration?"

"

Just something else…

" added the strange individual "

This world is not only inhabited by just only humans. But also several other different species have developed their own culture and societies in this world. So you should keep in mind not to do something that might offend these species since their values and views can be radically different to that of humans. So you'll have to keep an open mind like never before when in this world, since many of their outlooks in life often contradict and clash against each other and thus result in conflict. It may be a little tiresome to keep note of every little detail that might result offensive for a specific race when dealing with them, but you have to remember that you're the foreigner in their lands, so you'll have to make due. Also, this brings forward the issue of my second gift to you…

" said the masked man before he brought his hand over Kenshiro's temple.

The hand over his head began to glow and Kenshiro started to feel a foreign presence in his mind, not an invasion towards his consciousness but an improvement, he felt how this presence began to sharp his senses and broad his own awareness. It felt as if veils were removed from his mind and he suddenly found himself perceiving the world in a manner as never before. The masked man finally removed his hand before offering an explanation of what he had done.

"

In order to keep the effectiveness of Hokuto against so many different races since you only have an intricate knowledge of all the Keiraku Hiko points in the human body, which would prove not that useful against opponents of different species. I have given to you the ability to see the meridian points of any living being that stands in front of your sight within your mind's eye. With this, your Hokuto Shinken would prove devastating against any given opponent. Make sure to record your discoveries of any new pressure points you might discover when you have the chance, improving and broading the range of your art can only be a good thing. Also! I too took the liberty of increasing your senses and awareness so you may now take notice of things that in the past you may have passed over for believing them unimportant. Now there's not much that would pass you by, so it will be very difficult for someone to get the drop on you. That includes magic too since I have given you the ability to detect and sense any trace of magic nearby to you.

"

Kenshiro brought a hand to the point in the middle of his temple where the disguised man had touched him; indeed he felt his senses being awoken and alert in a level never experienced before. This certainly was a nice gift.

"Why are you doing this? It is obvious you are not human or even a mortal man, so why a being like you would take such a direct involvement in mortal affairs? There must be a reason."

"

Because I once was a mortal man just like you… long ago, before I became what you see in front of you.

" The black-clad individual said motioning with a hand towards his appearance. "

And because I still cling to the memory of what it felt to walk and see the world from its lowest point, and because my particular nature allows me to interfere in this kind of matters without dealing with too much hassle. I have traveled trough many planes since I became what I am, saw a myriad of different people, witnessed their struggles and battles, and through it all, marveled at their resolve to fight for their beliefs and in the end, ending up feeling some fondness for them because of it. So sometimes, I can't stop the need to act in their favor when I fell that they should have received a better outcome for their sacrifices than what they got in the end. Maybe it is nothing more than some foolish and selfish sentimentalism from my part, but…


(Shrug)
I don't care.

"

"I see…" replied Kenshiro in thought "So how should I address someone like you?"

"

You're asking for my name or my title?

" replied the disguised man with amusement in his voice, even with them mask, Kenshiro could feel he was raising an eyebrow in inquisitiveness "

I have many on both accounts, I am a main patron deity or ruler to a great number of other worlds and dimensions and I been bestowed a great list of titles too long as to keep count.



Sep, Sheor, Shor, Shezarr, Lord Indoril Nerevar, Moon-and-Star, Nerevarine, to name a few… But, the most common name that I go by and that which I usually use to announce myself to others is Lorkhan. So feel free to call me by that name.

"

"Lorkhan… Very well, I'll make sure to remember it." Said Kenshiro burning the name in his mind, he closed his eyes and took a long breath, and when he opened them a bright flame of determination could be seen in his pupils. "I'm ready to go, take now to this new world."

"

Very well…

" Lorkhan supplied and then moving his arm in an upward motion at his side, as if ripping through the air, a glowing portal manifested out of nothing "

Step through this portal whenever you want, and it will take you to your destination. I wish you good luck, even though I have the utmost trust in your abilities, the path ahead of you is fraught with many perils.

"

"Such is the path of the martial artist." Replied Kenshiro immediately without any doubt, he walked towards the glowing vortex, only for the imposing man to stop briefly at its threshold to address Lorkhan one last time "I thank you for the gifts you have given me, and I promise you I will not fail in the task you have bestowed upon me. Farewell for now, and I hope that our paths may cross sometime again in the future."

And with that the 64th successor in the merciless art of Hokuto Shinken stepped inside the vortex and into lands unknown. Lorkhan stood patiently waiting for the portal to close. "

I'm sure we will Kenshiro. I'm so curious of what you're going to do once you arrive at your destination. It will be interesting to watch

."

And with that, the masked deity turned around and began to walk away, a shimmer of blue lights began to surrounding him and he disappeared entirely from all sight.



Well this opens the door for this new story. There's only one thing that I can say about the fist of the North Star and that is… Manly.



Hokuto No Ken is probably the most manly anime ever created. Only this much level of Awesome and Badassery could be a product of the 80's.



I'm going to set things straight right now form the beginning for those of you who haven't seen Hokuto No Ken, which you should as soon as possible. The fist of the North Star has a very big cast of characters whose skills are just superhuman.



Hokuto Shinken (Kenshiro's art) has the title of being and invincible art and the author of this series truly has known how not to make you put it into question.



The art of Hokuto is truly invincible; all the martial artist of the manga an anime can perform feats beyond those of any mortal. Only in other works like Dragon Ball and Saint Seiya can the protagonists perform similar feats.



Kenshiro is so overpower is not even funny. He can stop the attacks of 5 meters tall giants, all buffed up and ripped with muscles with a single finger and then kill them with that same finger. He can also lift those giants with ease, completely, with a single hand and lift other very heavy things like tanks or demolitions machines without much effort. He stopped 2 giant bulldozers with one hand each at the same time while being attacked by a giant demolition wrecking ball and then split said wrecking ball with a single movement of his hand. He beat an armored tank with his fists! Those wrecking balls can hit him in full and then he stands up like they were nothing. He can break through walls, metal or otherwise, as if they were made of tissue paper. And he is also insanely fast since his bulk veils his speed that is beyond of what the eye can follow.



The martial artists of Hokuto No Ken are practically gods among men since they can: Turn diamonds into dust by crushing them between 2 of their fingers, bring entire buildings down with a single punch, jump higher than the height of a skyscraper, rend steel with their nails and turn people into ribbons, kill people with just their battle aura, make energy attacks that turn into a tornado that can destroy an entire street an cause heavy structural damage to the buildings.



Hell; they're even beyond those silly mortal notions that common folks like us have to deal with every day, like physical pain. Try stabbing them in the neck with a knife, the blade breaks. Their skin can turn stronger than the sturdiest metal, they can have entire buildings fall atop them and survive. Oddly enough, only arrows seem able to penetrate their skin, but they don't impede them in the least. Hell; Kenshiro was stabbed in the chest by five, 2 meters, long metal poles that were draining his blood and what did he do? He increased his manliness until his muscles bulged and spit them out without a single wound.



So I don't want people nagging me because Kenshiro will appear too overpower in this story, Mary Sue? She gets fucked in the ass! She doesn't hold a candle against Kenshiro. He's practically Chuck Norris and Bruce Lee all into one.



Don't believe me? Go to YouTube and watch this anime. Type Kenshiro vs Raoh or Hokuto No ken Post-Apocalyptic games and prepare to get your mind blown.



By the way, if you inquire about Lorkhan identity. Yes, he's the Nerevarine from the Elder Scrolls 3: Morrowind. This something that I had always wanted to see in the game, by taking the back door procedure to finish the main campaign, you stumble upon many books that detail how it is possible to steal the power from the Heart of Lorkhan, so why the developers didn't put an option whe

n it is hinted

you could do it so? I've fantasized with my character taking the power of the Heart for its own (Don't see anything bad about, since the entire tribunal is full of Hypocritical corrupt lying bastards, specially Vivec, and Dagoth Ur and Almalexia are touched in the head) and becoming a Daedra prince.



So this Lorkhan is from an universe where the nerevarine took the power of the heart and assumed the identity of Lorkhan. Not possessed or merging with the daedra, like it happened to the hero of Kvatch in the 4th game when he became Sheogorath. But completely taking the power of the Daedra Lord without losing his sense of self, since Lorkhan was already dead and the Tribunal and Dagoth-Ur were already doing that , only that they became addicted to its power and lose their minds to it because they had to take regular doses of the power of the heart from time to time. But since the nerevarine would get all the power in its entirety in a single instance, he wouldn't suffer from any kind of drawback related to addiction withdrawal. Of course he then will left the plane of Tamriel to explore and see other dimensions and because of his status as both mortal and deity he can do things other higher beings can't. For when the god cannot go or act, the man can.



Well, that's it for now; make sure to send a review telling me what you think of this new idea.



Oh! And before I forget. The date of Kenshiro arrival will be up for you people to decide. There are 3 options: During the death of Cenarius, during the battle of the Hyjal, or during the Burning Crusade. So make sure to send me your reviews with your choices in them.



That's it! Read you all next time!


>