

The remainder of the school day went by quickly as the majority of it was spent discussing proper conclusive paragraphs. Once the bell rang teachers and students bid each other goodbye and restless boys pushed at each other, each trying to make their way out first. As Cheryl ungracefully tried to maneuver her way down the snow-covered stairs, a younger boy bumped her shoulder while he leapt down the last four steps.

"Oh, look out, you!" She grumbled.

Ann, Peggy and two other girls stood watching her in a tight circle beside the stairs. They were all only just released from the heated indoors but already each one had a cherry red nose from the frosty weather. As Cheryl made her way over to them she noticed the frown on Ann's pink face. The redhead shoved her hands into her coat pockets and let a puff of warm air seep from her lips.

"Cheryl, I forgot to mention I can't walk home with you today."

"You can't? Why not?"

"My mom is paying for extra classes since the Christmas recital is coming up." Ann replied solemnly.

After the birth of their first daughter, Mrs. Murphy resolved to have all her children take up an instrument and one after the other, her daughters were made to take music lessons. Ann's eldest sister learned to play the cello while Ann and the second eldest played piano. Though none of the sisters showed a very strong interest for their instruments, the youngest of the Murphy children had. Ann's little brother brought home a clarinet in October, borrowed from the music room, and that night followed Cheryl had heard the distinct, loud squeaks from three houses down.

"I'm real' sorry but it'll only last until the recital."

Cheryl felt bad for her friend, who looked so disheartened with her eyes downcast and hands jammed tightly in her pockets. She wasn't upset with her though. She had been thrilled when word got around that Ann and her sisters would be playing
Ave Maria
in the town's annual Christmas concert.

Smiling, Cheryl shook her head and reassured her friend.

"That's alright, Ann. Maybe I'll catch Margie on the way and walk home with her. You just concentrate on those keys."

"Yeah, come Christmas eve Beatty will be so impressed that after the show he'll ask you for a soda!" Peggy teased, forgetting to mind her mouth.

"PEGGY!" Ann shouted, angrily scuffing her boots into the snow. The other two hadn't known about Ann's crush but it wouldn't be long before the gears clicked into motion.

It was then the girls decided to part ways, choruses of "see you tomorrow" rang out, mingled with the farewells from the remaining students littered across the field. Four of them turned to walk right at the school gate and Cheryl alone turned left.
Cheryl and Ann were the only girls from their little crowd who lived on the West side. They weren't the only two who walked in the same direction though, Margie from the next class over had to trek almost halfway to their street before making a turn and going South.
Trudging through the snow, Cheryl looked up from her feet hoping to catch a glimpse of Margie but was only met with a white road sparse of cars. Clumps of boys and girls either made their way home or towards the candy store. The older ones headed for the warmth of the malt shop across the street. The Soda Shoppe was where all the teenagers from the high school went to kick back after school ended. It had been converted from an old rental agency ten years back but swiftly grew in popularity. The diner was trendy, welcoming, and the owner was a man in his early forties who was hard of hearing and didn't mind a blast from the jukebox. Cheryl was not yet old enough to frequent with her friends but often got dreamy eyed at the prospect of it.

While pausing at a red light, Cheryl noticed a couple boys head towards the laneway on the other side of the road. One in particular caught her eye though he was the size of a wasp from where she stood. Bundled up in blue was Ann's younger brother, Beanie.

Since the candy store was in the opposite direction, he was probably going home. He'd always arrived home before Ann did and often boasted about it when her friends came to visit. "Did you stop to smell the flowers?" he'd remark and then laugh and continue to make cracks at them until Ann screamed at him and shut the door in his face. Cheryl knew now that this was the shortcut he'd been taking. As the light blinked green, cautious steps were taken across the slushy street. Cheryl couldn't help but notice the cold winter air for lack of conversation to keep her mind off it. She considered taking Beanie's shortcut but she was slightly deterred by the likelihood of making a wrong turn and ending up on a separate street from her own. It would just prolong her time spent in the chilly outdoors.

Although, it
also
had the chance of shortening her trip home.

Before she could change her mind, she quickly changed course and made her way towards and through the wide path aligned by backyards and garages. Beanie and his friends were gone, they had only left unfamiliar footprints that melded with a plethora of others. There were no intersections to bide her time and Cheryl expected to arrive home in almost half the time it would take her normally.

Walking through the laneway alone felt a little daunting and Cheryl felt a shiver run up her spine. She felt silly, turning her head quickly to look in both directions. There hadn't been anyone in front of her and there weren't any noises other than her own crunching footsteps.

She tried to pinpoint what it was she was most afraid of. Dracula had been a prominent fear of hers since Ann's older sisters had purposely spooked the two friends by putting on their own rendition of the novel. It was insensible for the monster to be lurking about during the day and certainly even more so with the blinding sunlight reflecting off the banks of snow. Her second thought was that she was also afraid the local enigmatic gypsy would appear before her. She didn't know his true name but the tea house he owned was one Mrs. Stoeger and her friends would often visit. Her mom scolded her when she'd first mentioned she was afraid of him. Another unreasonable thing to fear but knowing that didn't make her any less frightened. She took a quick peek behind her.

She reassured herself with thoughts of her room, her father's records, and the homework she would complete when she got home. Breathing became easier once she could see Cleveland street and her anxiousness began to die down. Soon she would be able to see her house.

Nearing the end of the side street, she took one last look over her shoulder and expected to find nothing again.

But something had moved behind the wooden fence beside her. She saw the figure of a person and then a flash of a face watching through the slits of the fence.

It wasn't a made up monster or even a grown man for that matter but her heart stopped and Cheryl let out a shrill scream instantaneously. Her boots slid on the snow as she fumbled to run. She caught her balance without halting her movements and tore out of the alley not even bothering to watch for traffic as she dashed across the road.

Her heart was in her throat, kicking up snow all the way home.


>