

Miles away, the sun was disappearing behind the horizon, throwing the city of Gotham into deep shadows. The dark night sky chased the bright orange sun away, claiming the city for itself. Months ago, the thought might have sent a chill down Dick's spine. Now he took comfort in it. And that was his whole reason behind coming up here one the roof, wasn't it? To find a sense of calm after everything.

For weeks now––months really––Dick had been forced to relive every horror-filled moment since his parents' deaths. No matter how many heart-wrenching questions he answered, there were always more to follow. Question after question after question.

And it wasn't just that they wanted answers, wanted information. They wanted to tear him down, too. Prove that he wasn't a "credible witness." Discredit him as a human being, even. Or at least, that's what it felt like. It made him almost regret agreeing to help Bruce prosecute Mini Arkham for their inhuman treatment of the children there. Almost.… Maybe.

The trial had finally ended today, just hours earlier. A full-scale overhaul of the JDC's administrative system was going to take place, and many of the guards were going to individual trial for their actions and lack thereof. Bruce had been inordinately pleased. He hadn't been willing to settle for anything less.

Dick didn't know what he felt. He knew he was supposed to be happy, relieved, maybe even a little vindictive. In truth, he was just exhausted. He was glad the trials, the questions, the mass media were over. Maybe now things would finally quiet down, in the media and at Gotham Academy.

It wasn't so much the bullies now as it was the hype about the court case. The bullies had finally settled down a while back, a couple weeks after Dick moved up two grades. At first, it had gotten worse. Barbara had tried her best to keep them away from him, but she was only one person; she couldn't be there every second of every day.

And then one day Dick's most frequent bullies just stopped coming to school. Dick suspected Bruce, but he couldn't prove it. Whenever asked, all Bruce said was that they couldn't publicly act against the school, not with the prosecution of the JDC going on at the time. To speak against both would have weakened their case in either. The media would have made Dick out to be a petty little rich boy who was angry about his "ill-treatment." It wasn't really an answer to Dick's question, but he guessed that was as close a confirmation as he was likely to get out of Bruce. For all Dick knew, those bullies could have switched schools, changed city, or moved to Antarctica.

So, the bullies weren't really an issue anymore. What Dick did have to deal with was the other students repeating everything their parents thought back at him. Some were supportive, but most, being high society elitists, were appalled at "Bruce Wayne and his charity case" for disturbing the status quo in Gotham. Never mind that the status quo included allowing young children to beat each other near-to-death on a regular basis.

Dick had learned to grow a thick skin, to internally tell others to find a better use for the three brain cells inside their heads while externally thanking them for their opinions and walking away. Or at least, that's what Bruce and Alfred kept telling him to do. In truth, Dick had been practicing his Bat-glare on the students who thought to bother him. (Bruce had not been appreciative of the new term Dick and Alfred had come up with. Or any of the subsequent ones thereafter, including but not limited to the Bat-mobile, the Bat-bola, the Bat-communicator, and Dick's current favorite, the Bat-lock-pick.)

In the beginning, Alfred had completely disapproved of the agreement Bruce and Dick had come to. It had been nothing but "Master Wayne," and "Master Grayson" for weeks. Both Bruce and Dick had tried to explain it to him on multiple occasions but the old man had refused all their words. Eventually, Dick had decided to ambush Alfred.

He used every technique Bruce had taught him thus far and had been about to corner the butler in the library, when Alfred had merely stated without turning around, "If you would like to ask me something, Master Grayson, you need not do me physical harm." Dick had deflated at that, and Alfred had kindly asked Dick to take a seat. It had taken two hours of explaining his reasoning and everything he felt for Alfred to finally sigh, "I doubt I have any more chance of getting you to give up this quest than I did with Master Bruce."

Bruce's tutelage, as Dick had learned, was anything but easy. The man hadn't lied about pushing Dick beyond his limits. There were times when he just wanted to quit, to cry "I give up. You win." (He knew part of the reason Bruce pushed him so hard was because he wanted Dick to quit. He wanted the fledgling hero to realize that the vigilante life was just too hard for Dick.) But each time he thought of giving in, Dick remembered the sound of his Mom singing him a lullaby as he fell into sleep or his Dad teaching him to overcome his fear of the trapeze. He remembered that there were other little boys out there who had no idea what they could lose with the snap of a wire. And Dick soldiered on.

Bruce taught him stealth and detective skills, escape techniques, the art of disguise, tracking and survival methods, and basic mechanics. Bruce was also instructing him on how to operate the Bat-mobile (not that he ever got to drive it!), to drive his own motorcycle (so cool!), and even how to fly the Bat-jet (Bruce called it the Javelin).

Further, Dick studied all manner of fighting styles, including Tae Kwon Do, Judo, Muay Thai, Kickboxing, Karate, Boxing, Jujitsu, and Ninjutsu. Bruce knew over one hundred twenty-seven styles of fighting. And he was determined to teach them all to his young apprentice.

Dick also learned how to use all the gadgets in the utility belt Bruce insisted he keep on himself at all times. All times. (Dick's suggestion that Bruce was paranoid was met with a tight frown.) Bruce, despite his preference for unarmed combat, was a weapons master, and he insisted that Dick follow in his footsteps. That meant that, in addition to using all the gadgets in the belt, Dick had to become proficient in whatever weapon Bruce happened to give him on any particular day, whether it was swords, a bo staff, or a rusted pipe.

Additionally, he studied the arts of intimidation and interrogation, though Dick knew Bruce wasn't teaching him all there was on that front—
most likely saving it until I'm old enough to know he drops people from rooftops
, Dick thought with a grim smile.

There was also mental training and stimulation. Bruce was currently teaching Dick eight new languages and fixing his understanding of the ones he already partially knew. He was also forcing Dick to learn far beyond his age in chemistry, biology, technology, mathematics, physics, mythology, philosophy, geography, and history. Dick frequently had to solve hard puzzles, sometimes just as a mental exercise and other times as a moral dilemma to determine what Dick should do in any given situation. "If you can predict the situation beforehand and make a decision about which actions to take, you won't have to waste precious time during a crisis to determine what needs to be done." That's what Bruce kept telling him.

Bruce also had Dick regularly train (in addition to his lessons) in everything from aerobics to weight lifting to gymnastics to simulated combat, both with Bruce and in computer simulations. There were also dietary restrictions to the vigilante life, Dick had learned and was not all that happy about. Alfred still slipped him deserts when he could, though.

It was all very different from the fighting he had done under Nikolai's watchful eyes. Dick could look back now, months and months after the fact, and see how messed up Nikolai had made him. How unhealthy his complete reliance on the older boy had been. He could look back and say that Bruce had been right. Nikolai had twisted his mind until he would have killed or died if Nikolai had so much as hinted at it. Just for the
possibility
of an approving glance from the older boy.

And even now, Dick wasn't sure what he would do if Nikolai demanded something, anything of him. If he saw the older boy now…

"
Go on, pretty boy. We'll see each other again."


Part of Dick was hoping to see Nikolai again. To face him, get revenge, find some kind of closure. An entirely different part of Dick wanted to see Nikolai for very different reasons… And that scared him.


Just look at how marked up I've become since I met him.
Dick's eyes fell to the scarred forearms that loosely hugged his raised knees to his chest. Most of the scars were turning white. Some were still a shiny pink. Two were in various stages of scabbing. Between Bruce and Alfred, Dick had been slowly stopping.

Some days were better than others.

It was hard. Cutting––the euphoria it gave him––were addictive. Dick didn't always want to stop. Sometimes he still felt like he needed the drag of the razor across his skin. Even when Dick refused to do it, even when he wasn't all that upset, the lure of the blade still called to him. Dick thought it might always be there, in the back of his mind. Maybe he'd just have to learn to live with it. To know that it'd always be there. But there were still things worth living for. There were better ways to deal with his pain.

Maybe that was another reason he had become Robin, named after his mother's nickname for him and bearing his parents' colors. He needed that reminder of happiness, of hope. And he wanted to be that for others.

Dick didn't think his parents would mind this new life he had chosen. Oh, they would be worried, that was for sure. But he thought, hoped really, they would be proud of the choice he had made, the path he had set himself upon.

A noise behind him alerted Dick to the presence of another entering his space.


Try as you might, even Bat-stealth falls victim to the crunch of roofing tiles,
Dick thought as he heard Bruce approach him quietly. He doubted it was that Bruce was really trying to sneak up on him. In the last several months, Dick had learned that many of Batman's qualities were just so much a part of Bruce that the man couldn't entirely separate the two (no matter how hard he tried at times).

"I thought I'd find you up here." Bruce sat down beside Dick, his legs outstretched and his arms holding most of his weight behind him. Together, they looked out at the darkening horizon. "Rough day?" Bruce asked, knowing the answer.

"Hopefully the last for a while," Dick prayed.

"Well, you know what tonight is, don't you?" Bruce asked, a half-proud, half-worried smile on his face.

Dick gave a full smile now. "Yeah."

Tonight was what Bruce called The Gauntlet. It was Dick's, or rather Robin's, final exam. One last test before he's allowed to go out on patrol as a crime-fighter. Once the sun fully sets behind the horizon, Dick will go down to the Bat-cave, change into his official Robin costume, and head to the city through the cave's tunnel system. He will have a six-hour head start… And then Batman will hunt him down and try to find him within the city limits. If Robin can make it until sunrise without being caught, he passes.

Dick was both a boiling mass of nervousness and calm as could be. He knew he could do it. He would succeed. This was what he'd been training for, right?

"Are you sure you're ready for this life, Dick?" Bruce asked, praying the boy—his son—would take what Bruce feared would be his last chance to escape the vigilante life. Bruce knew how hard it was to escape once it had its claws in you.

Dick looked up at his new father, his mind a tumble of old memories and new. He recalled everything that had happened recently. Watched in his mind's eye as every instant, big or small, led him to this moment. And then he remembered his mother's words just before their final performance, the question echoing Bruce's in his head.

"
Are you ready, my little Robin?" her melodic voice asked him.


"Yeah," he answered with a smile. "I think I am."



And that's all she wrote, folks! Keep your eyes and ears peeled for the sequel.


>