


So I've decided to do a Pokémon truth or dare, but this one's a re-upload. I had to remove my old one because apparently if I accept reviews it could cause the whole story to be removed anyway. So apparently I have to accept only truth or dares through PM, so go ahead and PM me as frustrating as that is. Now that that's sorted, I should be safe from complaints yes? Good. I am very frustrated by that if you couldn't tell.



MAKE SURE YOU READ THIS BEFORE THE ACTUAL STORY FIRST! IT'S IMPORTANT.



Characters are;



Carmina or Mina for short (my OC, basically me as a character)-the main host.



Jaiden (my OC partner for Mina)-Co-host (But you'll find Jaiden is pretty quiet).



May



Drew



Ash



Misty



Paul



Dawn



I may possibly include Gary, Leaf, Solidad and Harley (as Oldrival and Festivalshipping) if there are enough demands for them. Other couples will be Contestshipping, Pokeshipping and Ikarishipping (obviously). If you want dares for Mina and Jaiden, feel free to ask. Basically Mina and Jaiden are a pairing. I repeat, feel free to put in truths and dares in for them too.



I have to set some rules.




There are to be NO LEMONS.





No bad word are allowed ether.





No boyxboy or girlxgirl things.





I'd appreciate it if you would limit it to 4 truths and 4 dares maximum.




Note that if your truth and dares seem inappropriate to my rules, then they won't be used. If you'd like to participate in torturing these characters (including my ones if you must) then PM me with your truths and dares. Note that if your truth or dare isn't used in a chapter, it doesn't mean that I have ignored it. I have probably saved it for a different chapter. No flames please! I'll try my best to satisfy, and really that's all I can do. And without further ado, I will start with the first chapter I made from my truths and dares.



The sun shone through the windows to the Pokémon studio, where a blonde girl was making final adjustments to the room. It was a plain cream room with several couches for comfort. There was a passage way to where the stars' rooms were. On the opposite side to the hall were two big doors, leading to the master bedrooms for the hosts of the show. Just to the side was a fairly fancy kitchen.

The blonde girl stood up straight, cracking her back as she stretched. She wasn't a morning person, but she had woken early to make sure everything was good. This girl was around 17 years of age. She had vibrant green eyes. Her golden blonde hair was cut short, around chin level and curled up at the ends. She had a side fringe on the left, hanging just above her eye. She was wearing a black and white striped t-shirt and black jeans. She also wore black, slightly heeled boots to make her a little taller than usual. Over her shoulders was the black hooded jacket she never took off unless she was alone. This girl was Carmina, or just Mina for short.

The door opened. 3 boys and 3 girls came in.

The first boy was 18. He had messy black hair hidden under a red cap and dark brown eyes. He wore a black t-shirt under his blue vest/jacket. He wore light blue track pants, black and blue sneakers and black fingerless gloves. His ever faithful friend Pikachu clung to his shoulder. He was known as Ash Ketchum and why he looked like he'd just been training? He probably had been.

The next boy looked significantly less happy to be there. He had his arms crossed, his cold black eyes set and unreadable. He was also 2 years younger, at 16. He had a dark blue and black jacket over his dark grey turtle neck shirt. He had baggy dark grey track pants, covering his grey and blue sneakers. He had purple hair, the main feature apart from the ever present cold look that identified this as Paul.

The last boy was smirking for reasons unknown yet. He wore dark blue jeans and a black turtleneck shirt, covered by a dark green open vest. His shoes were fully black sneakers. He had a mischievous glint in his emerald eyes, something you should never be happy about seeing in a 17 year old. He reached up and flicked his green hair from his face, a move famously known to this boy; Drew.

The first girl that was there was also 17. She wore a red t-shirt with a dark blue ring around the top. She wore a short white skirt and dark blue biker shorts under that. Her shoes were red and yellow sneakers, covering only part of her black socks. She wore blue and red gloves on her hands and on her head was a red bandana. Her brown hair had been pulled to the back of her head instead of her usual dog-eared style. Her facial features though, were set in a very annoyed expression, her bright blue eyes reflecting her annoyance. This was known as May and by the way she kept glaring at the green-haired boy, it was assumed she was most likely annoyed at Drew.

The next girl was bubbly as she looked around excitedly, oblivious to her friend's anger. She was around 16. She wore a black, low V-neck top over the top of a white under-shirt. Her skirt was pink with a black triangular pattern coming from the edge. She had on long black socks and baby pink knee-high boots. Around her neck was a dark pink scarf. Her thick blue hair was held back by two yellow clips and a white beanie. She winked one of her dark blue eyes and did an excited little spin. This was Dawn and she looked pretty excited.

The last girl to come in was wearing a yellow crop top and jean shorts held up with red suspenders. She wore white and red sneakers. She was eighteen. Her short orange hair was pulled into a small side ponytail. Her viridian green eyes scanned the room she had just stepped into. This was Misty.

"Hi everyone! I'm Carmina, you're host for Truth or dare Pokémon style, but everyone just calls me Mina," Mina said, "so don't you dare call me by my full name. Really, I'll just be making sure that everyone does their truths and dares, but if there are any for me, I guess I'll have to do them."

"Mina, you won't believe it!" May exclaimed, "Drew already insulted me on the way here!"

"I wouldn't call that an insult," Drew said with another smirk, "I just said you're lucky we all came in together or you would've gotten lost."

"Oh be quiet Drew," Mina snapped, "we don't need another argument before we even started."

"Hey wait a minute," Dawn exclaimed, "I thought there were meant to be two of you here."

"There is," Mina replied, "but Jaiden's gonna be late. He lives far away and he wasn't going to wake up at 5 am just for this."

"Oh."

"And so let's just jump straight into this!" Mina exclaimed. She took the cards off the table and looked at the questions.


Ash- What would you pick, Misty or food?


"Misty," he said without hesitation. Misty blushed intensely.

"Do you really mean that?" Misty asked quietly. It was common knowledge just how much Ash loved food.

"Of course I do Misty," he snorted, "it is a truth question after all. Besides, there's plenty of food around. There's only one of you." Misty looked away, but Ash just shrugged. He didn't get what was so embarrassing about that.


Drew- Dye your hair black


Drew's eyes widened and his face went white. That was the worst thing ever.

"Not my hair," he whimpered, putting his hands over his head, "do I have to do it?" May was delighted at seeing Drew like this and she immediately jumped up.

"Yes you have to Drew, it's a dare," she said, before Mina could respond, "now c'mon. I'll even help you." When Drew still didn't move, she yanked him up and pulled him into the bathroom, locking the door behind her. Crashes and indignant yelling and screaming sounding inside before it went quiet. 15 minutes later, the door opened and May tumbled out, laughing and clutching her stomach as she rolled on the floor with laughter. The others curiously walked over to her and peeked into the bathroom. Dawn, Mina and Ash started laughing with May, though not as much. Misty covered up a giggle, while Paul tried to hold a straight face. Drew was in the corner of the room, scowling at May and everyone else. His arms were crossed and his hair was black. A few missed patches of green still showed through. His clothes had black stains all over them. He was quite a sight.

"This is precious," May gasped. She got up and quickly ran away. She came back with a camera in her hands.

"Say cheese Drew!" she called cheerfully. The light flashed. Drew looked horrified.

"Give me that camera May," he growled lowly.

"Nope," she giggled, "I have to keep this. I need to show Solidad and even Harley. Everybody needs to see this."

"May," he said, his voice sounding dangerous. May just grinned.

"Aww poor Drew," she cooed, "Doesn't he like his new style?" Drew scowled again, not answering. May fingered a bottle of green dye, close to his original colour and Drew's eyes lit up again. May smirked. His reaction didn't go unnoticed by her.

"Well, we might be able to fix it," she pondered.

"Change it back!" Drew groaned.

"Maybe," she teased.

"May," he warned.

"Only if you say please," she grinned.

"Please May," he said, forcing a smile on his face. This girl was a handful, he thought.

"Good boy." The door was closed again. Later they were back in a circle, sitting on the couches, Drew's hair back to being green, even if it was slightly darker. May was still giggling at the picture on her camera. Drew had given up trying to take it off her.

"Move on already!" Drew snapped.


Misty-I dare you to hold Ash's hand


"That's easy," Misty snorted, thought there was a tinge of pink of her face. She reached over to Ash and took his hand in hers. Ash grinned stupidly and swung their hands.

"We're off to see the wizard," he sang, "the wonderful wizard of Oz."

"What on Earth Ash?" Mina yelled.

"It reminded me of that," Ash shrugged, gesturing to his hands.


Girls- Which guy do you think is the hottest?


"Ahh, that's really embarrassing," Misty groaned.

"Yeah," May agreed.

"Do we have to?" Dawn whined.

"Yes you do," Mina said.

"Hey you have to do it too!" May exclaimed, "You aren't getting out of this."

"Just tell us girls," Drew said, smirking, "Which one of us is the hottest?"

"We won't get offended," Ash added, oblivious to what it really would mean, "I promise." Misty rolled her eyes.

"Well, I think Paul's pretty hot," Dawn admitted, "or at least I imagine him to be. You can't really get to see how good a guy looks when they wear such covering clothes."

"Does that even count?" Drew asked.

"You said who I think is the hottest and that's my answer," Dawn replied, "I think Paul could be the hottest."

"Personally I think Jaiden's the hottest," Mina said, blushing, "I've always liked dark brown hair and blue eyes. It's gorgeous together."

"Thanks," Jaiden said smiling. Mina jumped. Behind her was the boy she had just been taking about. Like she said, Jaiden had pale blue eyes and very dark brown messy hair, almost covering his eyes. He wore dark blue jeans and a dark blue hoodie. On his feet were white volleys. He was 17, like Mina, but he was a head taller than her…At least when she wasn't wearing heels.

"When did you get here?" she asked.

"About 50 seconds ago, enough to hear you think I'm hot." Mina blushed as Jaiden said that.

"Well, Ash has gotten pretty good looking over the past few years," Misty said, "I'd say he's the hottest now." Ash grinned.

"Thanks Misty." She blushed.

"No problem." Everyone turned to May. She blushed, biting her lip.

"I actually agree with Dawn," she said, finding a loophole, "I can
imagine
Paul being pretty hot." Drew glared at Paul, who ignored it and shot his own back.

"See! I told you!" Dawn exclaimed triumphantly, "Me and May think alike." May blushed furiously.

"Let's move on," Jaiden said, stepping between Paul and Drew.


Paul- Spoon feed Dawn a dessert


"Yay!" Dawn exclaimed, "Can I have chocolate cake? With cream and berries? And ice-cream?"

"Shouldn't you be concerned about how fat you'll get?" Paul quipped.

"Ooh, you're right," Dawn groaned, "maybe I'll have non-fat ice-cream. Vanilla flavour."

"It's ok Dawn," Mina said, shooting Paul a glare, "He's just being Paul. You won't get fat from a piece of chocolate cake, but if you're that concerned, we'll take out the ice-cream."

"No!" Dawn exclaimed, "If you're going to eat unhealthy, you gotta do it all the way. Don't cut out on me." Mina laughed and Jaiden brought in a piece of chocolate cake, topped with cream, berries and ice-cream. Dawn grinned largely as Jaiden handed it to Paul along with a spoon. Dawn opened her mouth like a baby bird and Paul scooped a bit of cream into the spoon. He put it in her mouth, a feint blush on his cheeks.

"Where's the cake in that?" Dawn said with a pout. Paul rolled his eyes. He took another scoop, making sure to get cake and held it to her mouth. Dawn happily chewed on it and swallowed. Paul's eyes glinted mischievously. With the next one, he purposely missed her mouth, spreading chocolate over her cheek.

"Paul!" Dawn gasped, wiping her cheek, "you missed."

"Dunno how I missed," Paul said, a smirk curling at the corners of his mouth, "seeing how big your mouth is." Dawn's mouth dropped at the insult. Without saying anything she took some cake with her fingers and smeared it over his cheeks and nose.

"You asked for it," Paul growled. He picked up a few berries, slathering them with cream before squishing them into her hair.

"My hair!" Dawn squealed, "you're gonna pay Paul." She grabbed the entire cake and smashed it into his face, rubbing it around and into his hair as well. She pulled her hand back, happy with Paul's chocolate filled face. Paul calmly wiped his face with his hands. He reached forwards and wiped them in her hair and onto her face.

"Yuck!" Dawn exclaimed. She grabbed Paul's shirt and wiped her face with it. Paul grabbed pieces of cream and cake still in his hair and wiped his hands over her clothes.

"Jaiden, get me more of that cake," Dawn said lowly, scowling at Paul. Jaiden hurried to do what she say, scared to know what would happen if he didn't. May and Ash both watched in distress at the cake being wasted between Paul and Dawn's food fight while the rest of them just watched in amusement.

"Ok, that's enough now," Mina said, stepping between them, "you're both a mess and Paul didn't even really do his dare. Go get cleaned up." Dawn and Paul glared at each other. They were both covered in smeared chocolate, cream and squished berries.

"Go!" Mina yelled, pointing to the change rooms. Dawn squeaked and ran into the change room while Paul just walked, muttering something under his breath. A couple of minutes later, they were both out again, showered and changed. Paul glared at Mina and she backed away from him. Better move on before they start another fight, she thought to herself.


May and Drew- Have their heads tied together in a kiss for the rest of the chapter.


"What!" they both shrieked, "No way!"

"Jaiden," Mina said. Jaiden nodded. He pushed both May and Drew together.

"Wait! I don't-" She was cut off as Jaiden forced their heads together, making them kiss. Mina giggled as she wrapped their heads together with sticky tape.

"Won't that hurt to take off?" Jaiden asked.

"Maybe," Mina said, shrugging, "but I didn't have anything else around." Jaiden let both May and Drew go. They furiously pushed against each other, but found they were stuck.

"Um…How are they supposed to breathe?" Jaiden asked.

"They have their noses don't they?" Mina shot back. May and Drew gave up. May crosses her arms. Drew managed to tilt his head just a little, moving so their noses were a little less uncomfortably squished together.

"Well while they're kissing, let's move on to a different dare," Mina said.


Misty-Hug Drew and see how May reacts


Misty just shrugged and awkwardly hugged Drew.

"Miff, mmm mmf m mmmmf mmm mmfmmf mfmmfff," May mumbled (it's not like I could do anything anyway), her words being muffled because of Drew's mouth.

"What was that May?" Mina teased, "I can't quite hear you there's something blocking your mouth." May blushed slightly.

"Mmmffmm mmiff," she mumbled again, (never mind).

"Well I gotta whisper this next one to Dawn," Mina said.


Dawn- Secretly steal one of Paul's Pokémon


Dawn groaned.

"How am I supposed to do that?" Dawn asked, "There's no distraction."

"You can do it while the next person does their dare," Mina suggested.


Ash- I dare you to let Misty cook a meal for you and then eat it with no complaints.


"Yay food!" Ash exclaimed. Misty went into the kitchen and looked at the choices she had to make. Spaghetti bolognaise wouldn't be too hard to make would it? She nodded to herself and filled a pot with water. She started to cook while the others patiently waited.

"Do we have to wait for her?" Paul asked.

"Would you like your next question already?" Mina asked back.

"No."

"Then be quiet." She shot a look at Dawn who nodded in response. Dawn crept closer to Paul. 'Keep him distracted' Dawn mouthed at Mina. Mina nodded and turned to Paul. She was about to open her mouth to say something when there was a shrill muffled shriek from May. Everyone looked at her in surprise. Her eyes were wide with shock and Drew's eyes glinted mischievously. Dawn, seeing her chance, carefully reached into Paul's pocket and grabbed the first Pokéball she fingers touched.

"I did it!" she exclaimed, with drawing her hand. Paul whipped around and faced her, glaring as he saw the Pokéball in her hand.

"Oops?" Dawn said.

"What on earth troublesome?" Paul asked.

"It was a dare," Dawn squeaked, "sorry Paul." She handed it back to him and ducked away. Paul looked at her confused, then shook his head and put his Pokéball back into his pocket.

"Stupid thing!" Misty yelled from the kitchen. It was followed up with the sounds of banging.

"I think you should be worried Ash," Jaiden whispered to him. Mina went into the kitchen to find that Misty was furiously hitting the stove top with her mallet.

"What are you doing Misty?" Mina asked.

"Stupid thing wouldn't turn off," Misty replied. She grabbed a plate of what Mina supposed was food. It was stale pasta topped with something burnt. Poor Ash. She followed Misty back into the room. Ash paled upon seeing what Misty was holding out to him.

"Been not so good knowing you Ash," Paul muttered.

"What's this Misty?" Ash asked, cringing under her glare.

"Spaghetti bolognaise," she replied, "now eat it or I'll use my mallet on you." Ash timidly took the fork and plate from her fingers. He stabbed it and a chuck broke (yes it broke) off of it. He put it in his mouth and almost choked on it. Ash loved food and would usually eat anything, even if it was off the ground, but burnt was his limit. And he had to eat this whole thing without complaining. He managed to swallow it.

"Can I have a glass of water?" he asked. Misty headed back into the kitchen, but before Ash could do anything to get rid of some of the 'food' she had come back in with a glass of water. Ash took it, offering a weak smile as he downed the whole glass. He resisted the urge to hold his nose as he choked down the rest of the meal. Misty grinned as Ash offered her a thumbs up. Soon after Misty went into the kitchen to wash up, Ash turned pale. He ran to the bathroom and a moment later the sounds of his vomiting was heard.

"Hope he's not too sick," Dawn said.

"Well, that's it for this chapter," Mina announced.

"Aww," Jaiden moaned, "that means we have to release May and Drew."

"Unfortunately, yes it does," Mina sighed, "oh well; at least they won't make too much noise when I rip the tape off."

"You're cruel, you know that Mina?" Jaiden questioned. Mina shrugged and proceeded to undo the tape from Drew and May's heads. Muffled cried of pain were heard from both of them. When it was taken off completely, both May and Drew jumped back from each other, wiping their mouths and rubbing their heads.

"Ouch Mina," May groaned, "You just had to rip out my hair didn't you?" Mina looked at the tape which had strands of brown and green hair still on it. She laughed nervously, hiding it behind her back.

"Oh yeah, May, I meant to ask you," Mina said, "What was that squeal about before?" May blushed furiously.

"Um…D-Drew…he just…he, um…never mind," May stuttered. Drew smirked at her and she blushed again.

"Oh well, but you know if a reviewer asks about it you'd have to tell us," Mina said (hint, hint if you want to find out).

"Shh," May hissed, "don't give them ideas." Mina laughed.

"Hey, if this chapter's over, we can go home now," Misty said.

"No!" Mina and Jaiden yelled at the same time, making everyone jump.

"You can't go home or you won't return," Jaiden said.

"So that's why you're all staying here," Mina explained, "you all have your own rooms with your names on the door down the hall." Everyone groaned. Jaiden rolled his eyes.

"Night everyone," he called cheerfully, shoving them down the hall.

"Well that was fun," Mina giggled, walking over to her master bedroom.

"Yeah, see you tomorrow," Jaiden called, going to his.



I will again repeat the rules just to make sure there are no misinterpretations.




There are to be NO LEMONS.





No bad word are allowed ether.





No boyxboy or girlxgirl things.





I'd appreciate it if you would limit it to 4 truths and 4 dares maximum.




Note that if your truth and dares seem inappropriate to my rules, then they won't be used. If you'd like to participate in torturing these characters (including my ones if you must) then PM me with your truths and dares. Not that if your truth or dare isn't used in a chapter, it doesn't mean that I have ignored it. I have probably saved it for a different chapter.


>