

Mina had apparently stood by her words because when our favourite stars woke up the next morning, the door was brand new. It also had a brand new lock which had both a key and a pin to open it.

"Fancy," Ash said, looking at it.

"Now there's no way we can escape," Dawn said.

"You weren't getting out anyway," Mina said cheerfully.

Drew blinked at Mina.

"How are you so energised this early in the morning?" he complained.

"I couldn't sleep last night," Mina said, "So I stayed up. Might've been the energy powder."

"You spat that out," May reminded her.

"Fine, I may have already had a coffee," Mina admitted, "Because I felt like one at midnight."

"Aw Mina," Everyone groaned.

"And by the way Drew, you were talking in your sleep," Mina said, "You were saying stuff about grassheads."

Drew's face went red and May laughed at him.

"Well, I need to wake Jaiden now," Mina said.

Mina went onto Jaiden's room and the door was shut. A moment later they heard a loud pained groan and a loud thud. Mina quickly ran out again, giggling.

Jaiden followed, his hair messed up, his eyes half lidded and still in his pyjamas (Which were a shade of bright yellow with black lightning bolts). His eyes narrowed at Mina and he ran straight for her.

Mina just giggled as she evaded his grasp.

"What did you do to the poor guy?" Misty asked, honestly trying not to laugh for Jaiden's sake.

"I just woke him up," Mina said.

"Yeah, by jumping on me and then pushing me out of bed," Jaiden said.

It really was an effort to keep in the laughter. Watching Jaiden chase Mina around the way he was dressed, still looking mostly asleep, was rather comical.

Eventually, Jaiden caught Mina and she giggled as Jaiden relentlessly and mercilessly tickled her.

"Go! Stop! Go….Aha! Go! Ahahaha…Stop it! I can't…Aha, breathe! Jaiden!" Mina squealed between laughter, "Stop! Ahaha, go have…Aha…A shower….Ahahaha. I need to…aha, start!"

After a few more spiteful tickles, Jaiden got up and went to his room to shower and get properly dressed while Mina recovered.

Eventually, Mina got her breath back and Jaiden came out, towelling his hair dry still. He saw Mina on the floor and smirked slyly, throwing the wet towel at her face.

"Get up," he said.

Mina protested, but did it and threw the towel right back at him.

"Alright, enough flirting," Drew said eventually, "I'm going to be sick."

Mina and Jaiden went red and jumped away from each other.

"You ruined a good blackmail moment," May said, slapping Drew's shoulder.

"Alright, I'll start with a short one," Mina said, ignoring Drew.


From FunFX2012;



Here are a few truth and dares.



Mina-Bring Melody from Shamouti Island in and have her kiss Paul on the cheek by surprise.



Everyone-What are your last names?


Mina shrugged slightly and called in Melody. It didn't take long for her to knock on the door.

"Can I come in?" she asked.

"That's right, new lock," Mina said, "Hang on!"

"Sounds like Melody," Ash said.

"Why is she here?" Misty asked, slight jealousy in her voice.

Melody came in and smiled once she saw Ash.

"Hi," she said, "didn't think I'd see you here."

Misty resisted to urge to scowl while Mina beckoned Melody to her. Mina whispered something to Melody.

"Who's that?" Melody asked.

Mina pointed to Paul and Melody nodded.

She casually walked over to Paul, who was becoming suspicious of her.

"What?" he asked.

"Nothing," Melody said cheerfully, kissing Paul's cheek.

Paul's face flushed and Dawn crossed her arms. Dawn and Misty both sulked in a corner, Dawn muttering something about 'man stealer'.

"Thanks for doing the dare," Mina said loudly, "Must have been a hassle to come in."

"That's no problem," Melody said, laughing, "It's fine. My sister makes me lead the annual legend festival more often now. You won't believe how many kisses I have to give out then."

"Tough life," Mina said, "Now, I suspect you need to get back?"

"Oh yes," Melody said, "I should be going. Bye, bye guys."

She waved and walked out.

Dawn and Misty both breathed sighs of relief.

"Now, you all have to say your last names," Mina said, "Eh? That's a bit of a random question."

"Ketchum!" Ash said enthusiastically.

"Ketchup," Mina giggled, then gasped, "Hey! That's why Pikachu likes you! Your last name sounds like ketchup!"

"Is not," Ash said.

"Waterflower," Misty cut in, before Ash could go any further.

"Maple," May said happily.

"Hayden," Drew said, smirking and flicking is hair for no reason at all.

"Berlitz," Dawn said.

"Shinji," Paul muttered.

"What are your last names?" Misty asked.

"Why would I tell you that? Are you planning on stalking me?" Mina asked.

Jaiden laughed as Misty pulled a weird face.

"Go on, tell them your last name," he said, nudging her.

"It's not that funny," Mina muttered, "My last name is Pixie."

"Pixie?" Drew repeated.

"That kinda suits her," May said, "She's small, happy, childish and mischievous."

"Then tell me why you're not Pixie too?" Drew teased.

"Hey!" May exclaimed.

"My last name is Massé," Jaiden said.

"Hmm…Mina Massé doesn't sound too bad," Dawn said thoughtfully.

Jaiden's cheeks flushed lightly while Mina looked confused.

"No, you got it around the wrong way," Mina said, "It's Jaiden Massé and Mina Pixie."

Several people (mostly the other girls) all groaned, hitting their heads with their hands.


From Pokémon;



Omg I hope Mina's okay!



Anyways I have some truths and dares!



Ash-repeat everything you ever wanted to say to Misty. No rushing, through certain parts!



Everyone- watch every single episode of Pokémon all the way to x and y.



Everyone-did you know that Ash was meant to turn into Red but they didn't do it?



Mina- Wake up from your coma! Oh, and here's my endless supply. Of goodies! Snack time for everyone!



Ash- Are you actually smart and just pretending to be dense?



That's all!


"I'm okay!" Mina exclaimed cheerfully, "Thank you for your concern. Anyway Ash, you have to repeat everything you wanted to say without rushing through certain parts."

Ash thought for a moment.

"Well, I hate your Mallet. Misty. It hurts like anything. I. Have you ever felt it? Really. And I have always wished for the day it got destroyed. Like. And I think you're really tomboyish. You. Not that it's a bad thing, don't hurt me for that. And. I kinda like that. I. You weren't so girly and annoying. Know. Except around bug Pokémon of course. I. I never really understood why you hate them so much. Was. I think that's really weird. Jealous. I've always wondered why you stayed for my journey as long as you did. With. Brock said it wasn't because of your bike, but I can't be sure. All. I don't understand you sometimes. Those. You confuse me so much. Guys. Can't you just be straight forward and say what you mean? And. It's like you're speaking in code. You. A code I don't understand that is. Never. Because your know, you have to just say things to me. Figured. I'm not a mind reader. That. And I think your hair is pretty by the way. Out," Ash said.

Misty looked confused. "I don't understand quite what you're saying and what's with those random words?"

"That was just something else I had to say," Ash said, grinning goofily.

Mina giggled as she figured it out.

"Wait, what was that bit?" Misty asked.

"I'm not repeating it," Ash said.

(For all who don't realise, after each sentence, Ash put in a word that when put all together would say 'Misty, I really like you and I know I was jealous with all those guys and you never figured that out.')

"Well, let's watch the anime now," Mina said, "Jaiden, if you please."

Jaiden nodded and brought up a screen.

*several hours later*

"How many times did your voice change Ash?" Dawn asked.

Ash shrugged. "Crazy people."

"Hey, did you know Ash was supposed to turn into Red?" Mina asked.

Everyone shook their heads.

"Didn't think so," Mina mumbled.

She looked over the next one.

"Well, I am out of my coma," Mina said, "Thanks for caring. Snack time!"

A bunch of snacks appeared on the table. This included Ash's favourite cake, chocolate strawberries, raspberries and an assortment of other goodies.

"Cake!" Ash exclaimed, diving for his favourite treat.

Misty also happen to like the treat and soon it became a wrestle between Misty's mallet and Ash's insistent endurance to keep getting back up after she smacked him.

Both May and Drew growled at each other as both started fighting over the chocolate strawberries and who should get them.

"I love the chocolate!" May exclaimed.

"Yeah, but I love strawberries more," Drew argued back.

Meanwhile Mina had slipped a dagger from its case and held it up threateningly, giving most people in the room an evil glare. "Back away from the raspberries and no one gets hurt."

Dawn slowly sidestepped to the table and grabbed a bowl of Skittles before backing away again.

Paul looked over before he shoved his hand in the bowl, grabbing a handful of Skittles.

"These are mine," Dawn said, glaring darkly at Paul, "Get your own."

Paul shrugged. "Troublesome."

"My name is DAWN!" Dawn screamed at him.

Meanwhile, Jaiden was watching all of this while shaking his head. Deciding it was best not to get involved, he backed off while everyone else decided to fight over the multiple snacks.

Eventually the snacks were all demolished and while evil glares were exchanged, most of the hostility has subsided.

"Ready to continue?" Jaiden asked, an eyebrow raised.

"Yup," Mina said, "Ash, are you pretending to be dense? Like are you actually smart and playing dumb?"

Ash grinned brightly for a moment and then frowned. "Hey, are you saying I'm not smart?"

"I'm asking if you're pretending to be dumb," Mina said.

"That's not nice," Ash complained, "I'm not dense."

At this, the lie detector went off, indicating Ash was lying.

"Am not!" Ash insisted, setting it off again.


From AlexuPenguin;



Hey everybody! What a great story so far. Hilarious.



May-Here have a Flabébé and a slice of chocolate cake. Would you rather marry and rich and ugly man, or a poor and handsome man?



Drew- here, have a Zigzagoon and some strawberry ice-cream. 'Accidentally' spill the ice-cream on May's nose and then lick it off as if nothing happened.



Paul-Here, have an Agislash and some dark chocolate fudge milkshake. What is your greatest desire? *cough* Dawn *Cough*



Dawn-Here, have a Sylveon and some pink frosted cupcakes. Dress in and all orange dress, boots, and gloves with fake alien antennae on your head and say that you are from the planet Karrots and want to take over the world with the power of carrots.



Misty-Here, have a Swanna and some blueberry pie with vanilla mousse. Go to a grocery store, pick up a pineapple and scream as loud as you can 'I know you're in there Spongebob!' then throw the pineapple in the air



Ash-Here, have a Charizard megastone Y and some Oreo cheesecake. Why are you afraid of balloon animals?



Mina-here, have a Spritzee and some lemon sorbet. Why did you imprison these people just to play truth or dare? When did you start liking Jaiden? Stand against a wall with Jaiden, facing everyone else.



Jaiden-Here, have a Sawk and a banana split. When did you start liking Mina? Do Gangnam style in a clown suit then stand against the wall with Mina.



Everyone else- Grab random food from the kitchen and throw it at them as payback.



Anyway, you can use these dares when Mina is out of the hospital. Get well soon Mina!


A Pokéball appeared in each contestants hands (Except Ash who got the mega stone) as well as each specified desert.

"Alright, May," Mina said, "May, would you rather marry a rich ugly man? Or a poor handsome one?"

May thought for a moment. "Well, looks and riches don't really matter so much, it would depend on what their personality was like. I don't think I could be with someone handsome if he was say…Really arrogant or something."

At this Drew paused, frowning slightly.

"But you never know," May said, "I guess if they both had good personalities I'd go for the poor handsome one."

Mina giggled and moved over to Drew to whisper in his ear "You have to put ice-cream on May's nose by accident and then lick it off."

Drew looked at his strawberry ice-cream, unsure for a moment before sighing.

"May," Drew said.

Now, Drew was intending May to turn around so he could get her nose. What he didn't expect was how fast she did it and so poor may ended up with a face full of strawberry ice-cream.

"Drew!" May exclaimed in horror.

Drew's face also looked slightly horrified but then he shrugged.

"Hold still," he said.

He leaned over to lick May's face.

May shrieked and squirmed. So Drew held her face, continuing his work until all the ice-cream was gone leaving May with its sticky remains.

As soon as Drew let her go, may ran out to wash her face. Drew shrugged and continued to eat his strawberry ice-cream without a fuss.

"So Paul," Mina said, "What's your greatest desire? Is it Dawn?"

Paul glared for a moment, shaking his head slightly.

"Not troublesome," Paul said, "My greatest desire is to be the strongest trainer."

"Why's that?" Mina asked.

"So
she
can be proud of me," Paul said quietly, "and I don't mean troublesome."

Mina paused for a moment. Her face softened as she realised what Paul meant.

"Aw, you're so soft," she cooed, "You really are Paul. I bet she already is."

Paul grunted slightly, glaring again.

"Dawn, you have to do this," Mina said, pointing on the paper to Dawn's dare.

"Not orange!" Dawn shrieked.

Mina giggled, pointing at the change rooms.

Dawn groaned and went in, coming back out dressed in the same clothes as the description.

"I am from the planet Karrots," She said unenthusiastically.

"And what do you want here on Earth?" Mina asked, giggling slightly

"To take over this planet," Dawn said.

"How will you do that?" Mina asked.

"The power of carrots," Dawn said, quickly dashing to change back after.

"Here Misty, go do your dare," Mina said, "I'll come see. Jaiden, we need a camera."

Jaiden ran to get his camera while Mina took the Pokéball to her main Pokémon.

"Guard them Kitala," Mina said, releasing her Ninetales.

Jaiden came back with a camera so Mina dragged Jaiden and Misty out.

"We'll be back in a while," Mina called.

When they got to the store, Misty picked up a pineapple while Jaiden started recording in the camera.

"I know you're in there Spongebob!" Misty yelled, throwing the pineapple into the air.

She got a few strange looks, but that stopped when the pineapple hit the light, successfully smashing the globe inside. This in turn set a fuse which turned off all the lights in the store and activated the alarm.

Jaiden snapped the camera shut.

"Let's get out of here," Mina said, quickly dragging both Jaiden and Misty out.

The got back to the studio, panting while Mina giggled.

"That was gold!" Mina exclaimed.

She walked over and pat Kitala on the head.

"You're a good girl," Mina cooed to her Pokémon, "Want to stay out for a bit? You can help me control these rascals."

"Excuse me? Rascals?" May protested.

"Alright Ash, why are you so afraid of balloon animals?" Mina asked, "They're just balloons."

Ash shivered slightly. "They hurt."

"Hurt?" Mina asked, "Balloons don't hurt."

"They hurt," Ash repeated, "When they pop in your eye."

Mina still looked confused but read over her questions.

"Well, I wanted to play truth or dare," Mina said, "But no one likes to play with me."

"I wonder why," Paul muttered.

"So," Mina continued, "I made a big game out of it."

"Which we are unwillingly participating in," Misty added.

"Aw, come on, you know you're having fun," Mina said, "Anyway, I've liked Jaiden since I was little. He's my best friend after all. It would be silly if I didn't like him."

There was a few face-palms at Mina's obliviousness.

"So Jaiden," Mina said, "When did you start liking me?"

She punctuated the sentence with a glare that pretty much meant 'you better say the same as me or I won't be happy with you'.

Looking to the side, Jaiden saw the the rest of the contestants were wearing a look that meant 'say the truth or we'll strangle it out of you.'

"Um…." Jaiden said, faltering as he looked between them, "Yes, no, maybe, perhaps, sometimes, always, never, possibly, almost, in-between, most likely, not really, it's plausible, impossible, this year, last year, next year, it's feasible, unimaginable, viable, inconceivable, potentially, improbable, desirable, unattainable, it depends, unthinkable, theoretically, certainly, vaguely, logical, irrational, presumably."

Everyone continued to blink blankly as Jaiden rattled off more words.

The lie detectors were going crazy until there was a short explosive sounds as they each overloaded.

"You broke them!" Mina exclaimed, searching through the pile, "There's not one that still works! And I don't even know what you said!"

Jaiden sighed in relief.

"I mean to say, you're my best friend so of course I like you," Jaiden said.

Mina pouted at him "You could've just said so instead of breaking my lie detectors. How am I supposed to know if people are lying now?"

She walked over to Jaiden and smacked his head lightly. "Silly boy."

Jaiden shrugged slightly.

"You wuss," Drew said.

"I don't see you admitted that anytime soon," Jaiden retorted.

"Admit what?" Mina asked.

Jaiden and Drew both went lightly red. "Nothing."

Mina eyed them. "I will find out. Now, Jaiden you have to do Gingham style in a clown suit?"

Jaiden went and changed and came back, doing the Gangnam Style dance. At the end, Mina was cracking up laughing, while everyone else was just saying at her.

Jaiden hurried to change back so that Mina would stop laughing at him.

Once Mina finally composed herself, she finally was able to look at the next dare.

"Come on Jaiden, let's get this over with," she said, "We gotta stand against the wall and let everyone else throw food at us."

Mina ran and put a drop sheet on the floor and tapped plastic sheets against the wall before standing against it.

She raised an eyebrow at Jaiden, who rolled his eyes and stood next to her.

All the contestants ran to the kitchen, grabbing armfuls of food.

They came back, Ash and May eating half the food they grabbed and started throwing them at Mina and Jaiden.

Jaiden wisely closed his eyes and mouth while holding a hand over his nose.

Mina squealed each time something hit her. She squealed even louder when Paul threw an egg at her as hard as he could and it hit the side of her head.

Once everyone was finished, Mina and Jaiden were drenched in some sort of slime juice mix from all different foods while the drop sheet was covered in a mush of food that was completely unrecognisable now.

Mina pulled a face and she shook some slime from her fingers. "Yuck."

"Gross," Jaiden said.

"I'm having a shower," Mina said, darting to her room.

"Me too," Jaiden said, running into his room.

When both hosts came back out, they were refreshed with new clothing on and damp hair.

Mina hurried to clean the mess from the foods and grab her next dares card.


From Tayluvsbevin:



Ok this is my first time doing this so don't judge me.



Drew- I dare you to let May tickle you



May- Have someone make you cry and see how Drew reacts to you and the person who made you cry



Drew- What scary movie did you and May watch



Drew and May- Do you love each other. You either respond yes or no and if you do not say yes or no or make an excuse then you have to be away from each other for the rest of the chapter.



(Ps, Tayluvsbevin. I hope you don't mind, but I condensed all the crying ones into one because they were all sort of similar and would result in a similar action)


"Drew, you have to let May tickle you," Mina called.

"No!" Drew exclaimed as May eagerly dived at him.

A few minutes later and Drew was laughing and pleading for May to stop.

"Alright, that's enough," Mina said eventually, "I have to move on."

May let out a whine, but stopped anyway.

"Now, who wants to make May cry?" Mina asked the others, "Hm…Ash! You're up! Go make May cry."

"Why me?" Ash whined.

"Because I said so," Mina said, "Now go on."

Ash walked over to May and thought for a moment. He clicked his fingers and then pinched May's cheek, hard.

"Ouch!" May exclaimed, "What was that for Ash?"

She swung her hand out and smacked his head. This was soon followed by a throw from Misty's Mallet.

"Look, I'll do it," Misty said.

Misty stormed up to May.

"Misty?" May asked, "What is it?"

Misty raised an eyebrow slightly.

"What?" May asked, getting irritated.

Misty stayed silent.

"If you have a problem, then tell me!" May exclaimed.

"You want me to speak, then fine!" Misty yelled back, "You're a worthless coordinator who doesn't know anything. You're useless and your Pokémon should be ashamed to have you as their trainer."

May's fists clenched and she shed a few angry tears as her face went red.

Drew looked up immediately.

"Don't say things like that!" Drew exclaimed, "May's an amazing coordinator! And her Pokémon should all be proud of her."

Misty smirked slightly. "And that is how you get protective Drew. Calm your farm Drew, it was a just a dare."

Drew gave Misty a suspicious look, but blushed anyway at misty's raised eyebrow back.

"That was harsh Misty," Ash said.

Misty shrugged. "You only have to learn how to push people's buttons. You learn when you have three sisters."

"So Drew?" Mina asked, "Which scary movie did you watch?"

"It wasn't too bad," Drew said, "It was the conjuring."

May shivered slightly.

"It wasn't that bad," Drew said.

"Now, May and Drew," Mina said, "Yes or no. Do you love each other?"

May and Drew looked at each other and blushed before turning away.

"No," They said at the same time, flinching when they heard the other's answer.

"Liars," Mina hissed, "and I don't even have my lie detectors thanks to someone."

Jaiden shrugged slightly, completely happy not to have lie detectors around.


From Happy Yoshi;



HI! I love your story! It's awesome and funny-two of my favourite things! Here are my truth and dares.



Dawn-What did you think of Paul when you first met him?



May-Why did you change your bandanna in Sinnoh? Is it because it reminds you of a certain grasshead? *hint, hint*



Ash-Why haven't you ever caught a legendary Pokémon before? Is there a reason?



May and Drew-Sing a duet of 'I see the light' from Tangled (And don't you dare disappoint me, or I'll get Diancie to use Diamond storm on you)



Drew- Convince your sister that you and May are dating. Do that, and I'll give you strawberries ;)



Ash-Kiss a random girl and see Misty's reaction.



Misty-I'm letting you take care of my jungle and fancy-patterned Vivillion! Isn't that nice of me? *smile innocently*



Dawn-have a contest battle with Drew.



That's all. I wish you the best of luck writing all your future stories! :D



~Happy Yoshi


"So Dawn, what did you first think of Paul?" Mina asked.

"Rude," Dawn replied flatly.

"And now?" Mina asked.

"Still rude," Dawn answer.

"So May, why'd you change bandanas?" Mina asked, "to the green one?"

"Because the red one got tattered so Max got me a new one. He said it was to remind me of someone special, but I really don't need a bandana to remember my own brother," May said.

Mina smacked a palm to her forehead. "I'm surrounded by dense idiots."

Jaiden raised an eyebrow.

"Ash, why haven't you ever caught a Legendary?" Mina asked.

"I just can't bring myself to," Ash said, shrugging.

"Oh yay!" Mina exclaimed, "May and Drew get to sing the duet from Tangled!"

Mina hurried to set everything up.

When it was done, May and Drew sang the duet almost perfectly, replicating the movie down to leaning in at the last line.

Mina looked on expectantly as May and Drew leaned a little further before both of them sprang apart, coughing.

"And that's the duet," Drew said.

"Yep, exactly what happens," May added.

Mina groaned in irritation. "Fine. But Drew, you have to convince Renae that you and May are dating if you want strawberries."

Drew perked up and ran to the phone, dialling his sister's number. It didn't take long for Renae to pick up, eyebrow raised.

"I'm dating May," Drew said.

Renae's other eyebrow raised in disbelief. "Can't be. You're a little wuss. I don't believe you've gained that much confidence."

"I am," Drew insisted, "I'll prove it."

Before Renae could say anything, Drew dragged May over and stole a kiss from her.

"Oh whatever," Renae said, rolling her eyes, "Don't be disgusting about it then. I don't ask for you to make out in front of me."

With that Renae hung up and Drew pulled away, turning to Mina expectantly.

"That was a cheap move," Mina complained, handing Drew a punnet of strawberries.

"Anyway Ash, you gotta kiss a random girl and see what happens," Mina said.

Ash covered his eyes and turned around a few times before opening them to see the first girl. This so happen to be Mina and so he cheerfully walked over to her, despite scowls thrown in his direction.

Mina's eyes widened and her cheeks went red as Ash innocently kissed her cheek.

The minute Ash moved away, did two things happen. One, a certain mallet was thrown through the air, hitting Ash on the head.

Before Ash could complain though, He found himself flying across the room as Jaiden hit him in the face, scowling.

Mina blinked a few times and then zoned back.

"Ouch," Ash complained, rubbing his already bruised jaw.

"Aw, it's ok Ash," Mina said, "Jaiden's just being a good protective best friend."

"Ha, yeah right," Dawn mumbled.

"Ash, you're an idiot," Misty said, changing her mind by deciding to pity him, "You don't just kiss any girl."

"But Mina's my friend," Ash said innocently, "That's what friends do when they see each other. They kiss on the cheek? Some people do at least."

Misty gave him a blank look. "You don't just do that."

Ash looked confused still, but Misty didn't go into any more details.

Mina looked at two Pokéballs that appeared in her hands. "Hey Misty, these are for you apparently."

Misty took them curiously and released the Pokémon inside. Once they were out though, Misty paled severely and screamed, clinging onto the closest person as if they'd be able to help her.

Ironically this happen to be Ash and the other Pokémon trainer hurried to recall the Pokémon so that Misty would get off him.

Misty shivered and moved the Pokéballs away from her.

"Now Dawn, have a contest battle with Drew," Mina said.

"Good luck Dawn!" May cheered.

Drew's eyes darkened at that.

Dawn grinned cheerfully and called out her Piplup.

"Roserade, let's go," Drew called.

By the end, Dawn was recalling an unconscious Piplup.

"Good match Drew," Dawn said, sighing.

Drew smirked confidently. "And that May, is how you win a contest match with style."

Roserade bowed to May, also sharing a smirk.

May scowled and Roserade trilled her name, patting May's knee.

May took this a patronising move and glared at Drew.

"Alright, get over yourself," May snapped.


From Leaffeather;



Story's really great! Keep updating! Here are some truths and dares.



Misty-which of your sisters is the one you like most



May-your favourite food is ramen?



Dawn- if everyone including you were to change into Pokémon, what would you think they would be



Mina- what would you do if you and Jaiden were the only people living?



Ash- Survive from bungee jumping



Drew- Make May ramen



Paul- take care of this Eevee egg that's about to hatch. Only Dawn can help you.



Jaiden- bring Mina to the movies with you



I'll be back with more T's and D's!


"Which sister is your favourite?" Mina asked Misty.

"Daisy is the only one I can mildly stand," Misty said instantly.

"May is favourite food ramen?" Mina asked.

May nodded several times, looking around for some.

"There's none here," Mina said, "Now Dawn, if everyone turned into a Pokémon, what would they be?"

Dawn pointed at May. "When calm, Glaceon. When angry, Blaziken."

"What's that supposed to mean?" May asked.

Dawn pointed at Drew. "Definitely Roselia. Sorry Drew."

Drew went lightly red.

Dawn pointed at Misty. "Well…Some sort of water Pokémon because if she wasn't someone would be in serious trouble."

Misty nodded in agreement.

Dawn pointed at Paul. "I want to say a cute little Zorua."

Paul glared.

"Yup, definitely a cute Zorua," Dawn said, grinning cheekily.

Paul rolled his eyes.

Dawn pointed at Ash. "Flareon. Because you're immature, fiery, determined and innocent."

Ash grinned stupidly. "Thank you."

"Point entirely," Dawn said.

She turned and pointed to Jaiden. "Minun." She pointed at Mina. "And Plusle. because you two are always together and you don't seem to be better together."

Mina grinned. "See, best friends forever!"

Jaiden nodded slightly.

"If Jaiden and I were the only people living," Mina said slowly, "What would I do?"

She pondered it for a moment before she started laughing.

"That's obvious!" Mina exclaimed, "there would be no one else to steal my raspberries so I could have them all to myself!"

There was a round of face palms that went around the room at the obliviousness of her.

"Ash, you gotta bungee jump and survive!" Mina exclaimed, "Ok then!"

Mina dragged Ash out and pressed a few buttons on the wall so the room opened up.

"I don't exactly have a canyon to borrow," Mina said, "So we'll just have to make do."

All of a sudden Ash was strapped into a bungee jumping harness and they were in a helicopter in the air.

"Go Ash!" Mina said, pushing Ash out.

Ash let out a high pitched squeal as he found himself falling, much to the amusement to the spectators belong.

"I don't wanna die!" Ash exclaimed, "I don't wanna die!"

Ash kept falling until his head was hinging right in front of Misty, at her head height.

"Hey Mist," Ash said, before he bounced and was sent shooting back up, still screaming.

"Bye Ash," Misty said.

When Ash finally finished and they were finally back into the studio as normal, Ash was quite significantly more pale.

"So Drew, you gotta make May some ramen," Mina said.

Drew groaned and went into the kitchen.

"And Paul you get to look after this Eevee egg," Mina said, handing Paul an egg, "Onlt Dawn can help you."

Paul awkwardly held the egg between his hands.

Dawn looked at Paul, horrified.

"Don't you know how to look after an egg?" Dawn asked.

"Of course I do," Paul snapped.

Dawn rolled her eyes and took her scarf off. She wrapped it around the e.g. and then moved Paul's arms so he was hugging the egg. She moved Paul so he was sitting down and sat next to him so that she could watch, leaning over to provide a little more warmth for the egg.

Paul had the slightest of blushes on his cheeks, but soon forgot about it when May ran to go eat the ramen Drew had just brought in. It only took a few seconds before the ramen was all gone even before Drew had finished bringing it over.

"Now movies!" Mina exclaimed, "Jaiden, we get to go to the movies! Let's go see penguins of Madagascar."

"Really?" Drew asked, pulling a face.

"They're so cute," Mina cooed, "I love the penguins from Madagascar!"

She giggled as she dragged Jaiden out, leaving Ninetales to guard.

"She no concept of 'date' when it comes to herself does she?" Misty asked.

*Later*

Mina giggled as she came back in, holding a little plush toy that was of a penguin that Jaiden had gotten her. She cooed over Ninetales, patting Kitala on the head before going to put her penguin away.

"You spoil her way too much," Misty said.

Jaiden shrugged slightly.

Mina came back and picked up the next dares card.


From DeadpoolRULEZ;



Jaiden-as a welcome back to tortureville, give Mina two V.I.P tickets to Skillet! *cheers* yeah, I'm nice like that.



Paul-I totally dare you to pick up Drew and Ash and run around the room with them on your shoulders randomly (not so nice anymore eh? *evil Drew smirk*)



Misty-You now have a full ball of Pokéballs. All of them contain…TENTACRUEL! Yay! I like Misty! You get to keep them too!



Ash-I dare you to act like Gary for the rest of the chapter! If he can even do it…



May and Dawn-Get in a Rapidash outfit and stay in there for the whole day!



Mina and Drew-kiss for like 10 minutes. Kay? Kay!


"Yay Skillet!" Mina cheered, pulling Jaiden out again and leaving Ninetales to guard.

When Mina and Jaiden finally came back, Mina this time held a Skillet T-shirt in her hands which had signatures on the back. She grinned happily and ran to put it away in a special place.

"I repeat, you spoil that girl," Misty said.

Jaiden shrugged once again.

"Now, Paul, here's your dare," Mina said.

Paul shook his head, gesturing to the egg.

"Fine, I'll let you out of it," Mina complained, "Ash, you have to act like Gary."

"Gary," Ash said, frowning, "But he says weird stuff I don't get. Like that thing. What is it? Something about eyes and stars and whatever. And he says smell ya later."

Mina gave Ash a flat look. "Well, I guess this dare isn't working either. And there's NO way May and Dawn are doing that one so that's out."

Mina deflated slightly. "Drew has to kiss me for 10 minutes. How am I supposed to breathe?"

Drew looked at Mina, then a scowling Jaiden and then at the bruise Ash now sported before he shook his head.

"It's a dare," Mina said, "I guess we can kiss a few times to make up to 10 minutes because I can't hold my breath for that long."

Mina went and got some strawberry lip gloss and applied it to her lips. "This stuff is sticky."

Drew instantly ran over, pressing his mouth on Mina's.

He didn't even last a few seconds before he faced a similar consequence as Ash. Drew groaned as he sat up after being hit, rubbing his jaw.

"I swear you're getting worse," Drew muttered, glaring at Jaiden, "You know you can just do something about it."


From JonCanFly;



I hope you are still writing this story because I love it. It is GREAT!



Anyway onto the dares…



The contestants get it easy while the hosts get tortured.



Mina-Hug and hold a plushie Jaiden doll for the rest of the chapter (and don't act like you don't want to because I know you do).



Mina-Since you get hyper on coffee…eat a bunch of chocolate (I want to see how you react!)



Jaiden-Every time someone lies about how they feel about someone, sing a verse of Mina's favourite song to her (and so you know when they are lying, here is an indestructible lie detector).



Jaiden-After you sing a verse, kiss Mina on the forehead.



Paul-Carry Dawn around, any way you want to, for the rest of the chapter.



That is all for now…BYE! *Flies off into the sky*


"I get a Jaiden plushie!" Mina exclaimed, "Nice. Adds to my plushie collection."

A miniature Jaiden plushie appeared in Mina's hands and she giggled.

"Hw many collections do you have?" may asked.

Mina winked. "You'll never know. And I get chocolate."

A pile of chocolate bars appeared in front of Mina. She cheered and started to eat them.

Jaiden groaned. "Great."

Mina giggled hysterically once she was done. "Jaiden has to sing my favourite song every time they lie. And he has to kiss me on the head."

"Looney," Paul muttered.

"No!" Mina exclaimed, giggling still, "That's Launeh Looney Tunes! Not me. Two different people! Silly billy Paul. You have to carry Dawn around."

Paul rolled his eyes. "Dunno how you expect me to do that."

Mina laughed, falling on the ground.

Jaiden groaned and took the dares from Mina as she laughed.

"I really don't know if I like her having that much sugar," he muttered.


From Guest;



I absolutely love this story! Anyways, I got a few truth and dares *cue thunder and lightning*



Mina-Since I absolutely love you, I will give you raspberries and a cup of coffee! Don't go too crazy.



Dawn-Give a makeover to Jaiden. Make him a pretty princess.



Ash-I dare you tell everyone that you're pregnant.



May-If you sit on Drew's lap for the rest of the chapter, you can have a box of strawberry cookies.



Jaiden-Play Mina a song on your guitar and dedicate it to her.



Misty-If you don't laugh as Ash when he says he's pregnant, you can have a mallet and go on a rampage.



I know these are lame, but it's the best I could come up with for now.


"NO, don't give Mina more coffee!" Jaiden exclaimed, horrified.

Unfortunately for him, Mina had already found the coffee and the raspberries. She was happily munching on the raspberries and had already drunk the coffee.

Jaiden groaned, smacking a hand to his head. "What am I going to do with you?"

"Love me, feed me, never leave me," Mina said, laughing hysterically.

Jaiden went bright red.

"Garfield!" Mina exclaimed.

Jaiden rubbed his head, realising that Mina was merely saying a line from the Garfield movie.

"Dawn you have to…give me a makeover," Jaiden said, pulling a face, "Really? A princess."

"Oh, well that's way enough," Dawn said, dragging Jaiden away.

When Jaiden came back out, Dawn had dressed him up to be a princess alright. He looked scarily alike to Disney's Rapunzel after her hair had been cut. He wore contacts and all and the way Dawn had contoured his face made him seem more feminine.

"Shut up," Jaiden snapped.

All was quiet for a moment before everyone burst into laughter.

"Aw, Jaiden, you look pretty," Mina said, patting his head.

She dropped to the ground, giggling again.

Jaiden instantly turned back into the bathroom and a few moments later he was back to being normal Jaiden.

"Ash, this is your dare," Jaiden said, pointing to it.

"That's impossible though," Ash said.

"Do it," Jaiden growled.

"Hey guys," Ash said flatly, "I'm pregnant."

Everything was silent…Unless you counted Mina's hysterical laughter.

"And I thought you were just getting fat," Mina said, giggling as she pat Ash's tummy.

Ash huffed as everyone else burst into laughter.

"May if you sit on Drew's lap, you get strawberry cookies," Jaiden said.

Mina tilted her head, weighing the options. "Nah, that's not worth it. Drew will just eat them all."

Jaiden went to get his guitar and when he came back, Mina was sitting on the ground, absolutely still with a goofy smile on her face as she waited for Jaiden to play the song.

"I dedicate this to my crazy best friend because it's one of her favourites," Jaiden said.

He started to play Bloom by the Paperkites and Mina sat there, enthralled the whole time.


(I really do like this song. It's SO cute! And it sounds amazing.)


When he finished, Mina turned and started rolling all over the floor again, laughing.

Jaiden sighed and put his guitar away. "Since Misty, you did laugh at Ash, you don't get a mallet rage."

Misty pouted.


From Ziyadthepokeful;



Hi! Here are my dares.



Misty-play Slenderman



Ash-Sit on Dawn's lap



Paul-Play a staring game with Drew


"I still don't have that game," Jaiden said, "And Mina won't let me get it. So Ash, sit on Dawn's lap."

Ash went ahead to go do it, but backed off as soon as Paul glared warningly.

"Maybe not," Ash said.

"And Paul play a staring game with Drew," Jaiden said.

Paul stared blankly at Drew until Drew blinked, not realising they were in a supposed competition.

"Done," Paul said firmly.


From taylovesbevin;



May and Drew-To be surrounded by lie detectors and are NEVER EVER wrong, no matter what you say (And no breaking the,!). May and Drew have to be sitting face to face and giving all attention to each other. Drew has to say out loud for everyone how he feels for May. No mumbling or talking fast or anything like that! May has to hear and understand you crystal clear! After that May has to do the EXACT SAME thing as Drew. No dirty trick or backing out of this dare, period. If you do somehow back out of this dare or you show them sympathy (DON'T SHOW IT!) You guys will never be able to see each other again! WE WILL GET RESTRAINING ORDERS! See, here are the papers right here. Look at them May, Drew, Mina and Jaiden because they are legit.


"Well, sorry," Jaiden said, "The lie detectors are broken so I guess this dare can't be validated."

"So move on," Drew said.

"Yeah," May added.

Jaiden rolled his eyes. "The answer is obvious anyway."


From Tmziyad;



Ash-Eat a teaspoon of Wasabi



Misty-Stand on your head for 4 minutes. If you fall, kiss all the boys in the room and start again



Jaiden-Download slender game



Dawn-Dance on your hands



Mina-don't drink any coffee (it's on the table)



Misty, Dawn and May-Play the slender game.


"Ash, eat this," Jaiden said, holding out a tablespoon of wasabi.

Ash took it and put it in his mouth and swallowing.

"Isn't that supposed to be hot?" Dawn asked.

"No," Ash said, "It's not that bad and-HOT!"

Ash ran to the fridge to grab a bottle of milk, drinking as much as he could.

"Misty, stand on your head for four minutes," Jaiden said.

Misty nodded and flipped upside down. Four minutes later, Misty had surprisingly not fallen over once.

"Done," Misty said.

Jaiden nodded.

"Well, I guess I can try to download slender," Jaiden said, "But Mina gets funny about this."

Jaiden walked to his laptop and went on the download site. As soon as the site came up, Mina growled and ran and tackled Jaiden. She kicked the laptop closed, holding Jaiden down.

"No," she said firmly.

Jaiden nodded and Mina got up and closed the page.

Once Mina walked away again, Jaiden pulled it up again, resulting in the same action from Mina.

"No," Mina said, growling fiercely.

Jaiden nodded to her.

Mina gave him a look and closed the web page again.

Once more, Jaiden brought the web page up.

Mina let out a sharp growl and tackled Jaiden, holding him down tightly.

"No," Mina insisted.

"Alright, no," Jaiden said.

"Promise?" Mina asked.

"Alright, I promise," Jaiden said.

Mina grinned and moved away, closing the site for him.

"And that is why I can't download it," Jaiden said.

"You're just soft," Paul muttered.

Jaiden ignored Paul's comment and read the next dare.

"Dawn, you have to dance on your hands," he said.

Dawn got the down and tried to push herself onto her hands. She instantly fell down though.

Dawn attempted this several times until she finally gave up.

"I can't even stand of my hands, let alone dance," Dawn said.

"Mina, you have to not drink this coffee," Jaiden said.

A cup of coffee appeared on the table.

Jaiden looked at Mina hopefully.

She blinked blankly in response and then ran over and drank the coffee.

"Well, that didn't work," Jaiden said.

"You thought it would?" Drew asked, an eyebrow raised.

Jaiden shrugged. "Not really, but I had hopes for a less caffeinated Mina."


From StarStorm;



He guys! I'll make this quick and simple.



First go to the ARCTIC (with your respective partners)



Drew and May-Go find a giant chocolate covered strawberry



Mina and Jaiden-Try to hug a Cubchoo



Paul and Dawn-Go swimming in your bathers



Ash-Find Articuno



Misty-Find Ash and then give him a big whack with your mallet



Everyone-Kiss your respective partners and make each other warm


All the members were quickly teleported to the arctic by a red flag. Everyone immediately started shivering at the sudden temperature drop.

"May and Drew, find a chocolate covered strawberry," Jaiden said, teeth chattering, "Paul and Dawn, go swimming. Ash, find Articuno and Misty you hit him with your mallet. Just go. Mina and I have to hug a Cubchoo."

Everyone nodded.

"And you have to keep each other warm," Jaiden added.

Everyone immediately clung onto their respective partner, except Mina, who was laughing despite her shivering.

Drew and May slowly started walking around.

"Why is there even a chocolate strawberry in the arctic?" May asked.

"I don't know," Drew said, "But I think I'll freeze before I get to eat it."

"Swimming," Dawn said, staring at the water.

Paul also stared at the water, trying to keep the Eevee egg warm.

Neither of them made a move to jump in as they hugged the Eevee egg between them.

Ash walked around in the snow while Misty followed, trying to hug herself.

"Articuno!" Ash yelled.

Misty shivered violently.

Jaiden leant over Mina in the snow. "Come on, let's find a Cubchoo to hug."

"Found one," Mina said, reaching up to hug Jaiden.

"It's cold," May complained.

"I know," Drew snapped, shaking snow from his head, "Let's get this over with. It looks like there's a snow storm on the way."

"Articuno!" Ash yelled, his voice hoarse as the snow started to pick up again.

"C-Cold," Misty stuttered, stumbling in the snow.

Dawn and Paul jumped back as the water started splashing up to their feet with the wind.

"I'm not going in," Dawn said.

Paul shook his head also.

Jaiden shivered as Mina's cold skin touched him.

"Jaiden," Mina complained, "Did you turn the air conditioner on? It's cold."

"There!" May exclaimed, "Strawberry!"

Both May and Drew stumbled in the snow to the strawberry and Drew lifted it triumphantly before May snapped it in her teeth.

Misty lay in the snow, shivering.

Ash finally found Articuno, and after a brief hello, ran back to Misty.

"Misty!" Ash yelled.

"Got you," Misty said, weakly hitting him with her mallet.

"Looks like a storm," Paul said, "We'd better do this now."

Dawn looked at the water. "On three?"

Paul put the egg down and stripped his clothes down to his underwear, wrapping them around the egg.

Dawn blushed slightly but nodded. Both jumped in the water and the Paul quickly got out fishing Dawn out of the water after him.

Jaiden shook his head.

"When did we get snow in the studio?" Mina asked, "You surprise me Jaiden."

"I didn't do this," Jaiden said.

Mina giggled, her teeth clicking.

Jaiden spotted a Cubchoo and quickly ran after it, shoving it into Mina's arm before hugging her.

Drew pouted slightly at May.

"Let's go," May said, pulling on Drew.

"I want the strawberry," Drew complained.

"All gone," May said.

Drew shook his head and pressed his mouth on May's, trying to get any remnants of flavour from her lips.

They pulled away, breathing softly.

"Hey, it's cold," May said, "and that's warm. Do it again."

Drew smirked weakly. "I know you just like kissing me, but not now."

May blushed furiously and they headed back to the red flag.

Ash shook his head and picked Misty up. "You're ice cold."

Misty's eyes fluttered slightly.

Ash ran towards the red flag. "Hold on Mist. We'll get help. Hang on."

"Where are you Ash?" Misty asked, "I can't see you."

Ash leaned down and kissed her cheek gently to reassure her. "Right here."

Dawn shivered violently, her skin turning slightly blue like Paul's Paul hurried to put his clothes back on and hug the Eevee egg, trying to heat it slightly.

"Let's go," Paul said, heading to the red flag.

"Wait," Dawn said.

Paul stopped for a moment.

"In c-c-c-case things d-don't work out s-s-so well," Dawn stuttered, her teeth chattering, "y-you're n-n-not so b-bad."

She leaned up and pecked his cheek lightly.

Paul went slightly pink and let out a grunt, pulling Dawn along as he headed back to the red flag.

"Come on troublesome," he muttered, "Nothing's going to happen. I'm not losing you too."

They all came to the flag, where Jaiden had let the Cubchoo go and was trying to pull Mina from being buried in the snow as the wind picked up more.

"How do we get back?" May asked.

"I think we have to complete all the dares," Jaiden said, pulling Mina up, only for her to flop down again.

"Have we done them all?" Dawn asked, teeth clicking violently.

Jaiden handed them the card. "You have to all kiss."

"Oh, I've already done that," Ash said, "On the cheek counts right?"

"I guess," Jaiden said, "It doesn't specify where."

"Then I did that too," Dawn said.

"And me," Drew said, smirking slightly and causing May to blush.

"And we've all done our dares," May said,"It's just you and Mina doing your dares."

"I hugged the Cubchoo," jaiden said.

"But did you kiss her?"Ash asked.

"No," Jaiden mumbled.

"Do it!" Drew said, "The storm's getting worse."

Jaiden leant down and unburied Mina again. He intended to kiss Mina's cheek as well, but she turned slightly and caught his lips with hers.

Instantly, everyone was teleported back.

Jaiden was blushing furiously and Mina giggled.

Everyone hurried to their rooms to get warm again and change.


From Marildear98;



Hello, I came because my friend told me this was a good fic (She was right :3) Sooooooo…



Ash-Eat only three cookies for this chapter.



Misty-Bring Rudy and keep flirting with him until Ash gets jealous



Drew-Wear a hot pink wig and then go to your fangirls and tell them that's your true colour.



May-Tell all Drew's fangirls you're dating him.



Paul-Quick! Dawn's falling off a cliff! GO HELP HER YOU PRUNE HEAD!



Dawn-tell Zoey that you gave up contests



Jaiden-Act like a monkey.



Mina-Drink cactus juice



Everyone-Prank call Brock and tell him it's Nurse Joy and she wants to be his girlfriend.



Ok done. Now please use them *blasts hole in wall* bye bye *jumps into hole*


"You only get three cookies for this chapter," Jaiden said, handing Ash three cookies, each of a different flavour.

"Only three?" Ash complained.

"Only three," Jaiden confirmed.

Ash let out a whine and stuffed one in his mouth, putting the other two on the table in front of him and staring at it intently.

Jaiden looked at the next dare and then irritably called up Rudy.

A few minutes later, Rudy came in and looked over at Misty.

"Hello Misty," he said.

Misty smiled back politely.

Ash just shrugged and went back to resisting the temptation to eat the cookies he had.

Jaiden sighed. "This is going to take a while."

Mina giggled and jumped on Rudy's back. "Piggy back!"

Rudy stumbled under the sudden unexpected weight. "Who's this?"

"Mina," Several people answered with a loud sigh.

"What is she doing?" Rudy asked.

"Who knows?" Jaiden replied, "She's had a large quantity of coffee and sugar."

Mina giggled and peeked out over Rudy's shoulder at Misty, laughing.

"Now we go forwards and you grab Misty's hand," Mina said, "We're going to get little Ashy-boy jealous."

"Jealous you say?" Rudy said, smirking, "Easy."

"Not so much," Dawn replied with a sweat-drop, "He's dense as a brick and focused on his biscuits."

"Hmm," Rudy mumbled, "No problem."

He shook Mina from his shoulders and waltzed over to Ash. Without saying hello, Rudy picked up Ash's remaining two biscuits and shoved them in his mouth.

Ash's eyes widened and then he frowned in anger. "Hey, those were mine."

Rudy just shrugged and then moved over to Misty.

Misty blushed and gasped as Rudy picked up her hand and kissed it.

"Hey!" Ash yelled, coming to stand in front of Misty, "You can't have both my biscuits and Misty."

"And why not?" Rudy asked.

"They're mine!" Ash exclaimed.

The room went quiet as people blinked and stared.

"Who knew Ash had it in him," Paul muttered.

"Well, my job is done," Rudy said, smirking at Ash, "Later."

He walked out, winking at Misty on the way.

Ash pouted deeply. "He ate my biscuits."

Misty, who had been blushing, became angry at this and whipped out her mallet. "You're an idiot Ash!"

Ash whined as Misty slammed her mallet down onto his head.

"Drew, wear a hot pink wig and go tell your fan girls it's your natural colour," Jaiden said.

"No!" Drew exclaimed, "Not my hair!"

He wrapped his arms protectively over his head.

"And while you're with your fangirls," Jaiden added, "May has to tell them she's dating you."

"Dating!" May shrieked, "Not him!"

"Dating eh?" Drew asked, "Well then,
girlfriend
, let's go announce the news."

May shrieked again and went bright red went Drew put an arm over her shoulder. "It's not real!"

Drew put on a hot pink wig and pulled May out by her hand. "Attention all my fan girls!"

Several thousand eyes were drawn to Drew, blankly looking at him, or specifically his hair.

"This is my true colour," Drew announced.

Everything was silent before the squealing started.

"He's even cuter with pink hair!"

"So pretty!"

"Aw, he was shy! That's adorable!"

"Don't worry Drew! We still love you!"

"And," Drew continued, holding his hand up for silence, "May has something to tell you all."

May blushed more. "H-h-h-he's m-my b-b-boyfriend."

The squealing stopped for a moment and then became even louder.

"Our Drew is growing up!"

"Contestshipping!"

"Finally!"

"I knew it would happen!"

"Let's see a kiss!"

In response, Drew pecked May's lips and pulled her inside while she became even more red.

"If Dawn was falling off a cliff, what would you do Paul?" Jaiden asked.

Paul reached out and grabbed Dawn's wrist. "Duh."

Dawn ripped her arm from Paul's grip. "You could show a bit more concern."

Paul gave Dawn a blank look.

"Dawn, tell Zoey you quit contests," Jaiden said.

Dawn dialled Zoey's number and held her phone to her ear.

"Mm?" Zoey mumbled when she picked up.

"I'm sorry Zoey, I've quit contests," Dawn said sadly, "So I want you to win them for me."

"Yeah, quit lying Dawn. You're not quitting," Zoey said.

"How did you know!" Dawn exclaimed.

"Because you just said the answer right there," Zoey said flatly, "That and you wouldn't go out of your way to tell me you quit only to tell me to win for you. And you wouldn't quit in the first place because you're way too determined."

"Naw," Dawn cooed, "you know me well Zoey."

"Don't get all mushy on me," Zoey said, "See ya."

Zoey hung up and Dawn turned back.

"She doesn't believe me," Dawn said.

"No way!" Jaiden exclaimed, "I have to act like a monkey? But! Aw, fine."

Jaiden put the dares cards down and squatted down into a position that much resembled a monkey.

"I'm going to regret doing this," Jaiden muttered.

He opened his mouth and let out a noise that sounded somewhere between a dying cat and a strangled monkey.

Mina cracked up laughing all over again and ran to flop over his back. "You're funny Jaiden."

Jaiden stood up again, holding Mina over his shoulders so she wouldn't fall. "I try."

Mina giggled again and wriggled around.

"Where do you think you're going?" Jaiden asked, "You have to drink cactus juice."

"No!" Mina shrieked, "not Harley!"

"I said cactus, not Cacturne," Jaiden said.

Mina laughed hysterically.

"You know, I don't think you need anything to make you any crazier," Jaiden said, "Let me just research this stuff to see what it will do to you if I give it to you."

Jaiden let Mina down on the ground and shook his head when she immediately scrambled up and pat Paul on he hair like he was a Pokémon.

"Try not to hit her," Jaiden said, "She is under the influence of coffee and sugar."

Paul scowled slightly. "I won't hit her."

Mina ruffled his hair and poked his cheek. "You're so cute Paul."

"But it takes great restrain not to chain her up and tape her mouth," Paul added, his irritation becoming clear.

Jaiden pulled a face when he finally read it and stared at the bottle of juice in his hands that he was given. "Yeah, I don't think I'm going to give this to Mina."

"Why not?" Misty asked, "It's a dare, don't you have to do it?"

"Well, I just read that some cactuses are ok, but there are also ones that will make you hallucinate if you drink it. And there are others still that are poison and I have no way of telling what type of cactus this is."

"So, it'll be safer if Mina doesn't have it then?" Paul asked, "Then don't give it to her."

"Ooh! I want it!" Mina exclaimed, grabbing it from Jaiden.

"No Mina!" Everyone yelled.

"You could get poisoned," Jaiden exclaimed.

Mina blinked at them all and then laughed. "you're all so cute, worrying, but you don't have to hide it from me. You just want to keep the best juice to yourself."

With that, Mina opened the bottle and drank some. She swallowed and then pulled a face. "That tastes funny."

She finished the bottle and wiped her mouth, giggling after at everyone's slightly horrified looks.

"Please don't let that be poisonous," Jaiden said.

"Forget poison," Drew said, "Like we need Mina to hallucinate."

Everyone stared at Mina for any sign of the effects.

"How do you feel Mina?" Jaiden asked.

Mina paused and then laughed, reaching up to pat Jaiden's face. "Look, a talking raspberry. Don't worry, I won't eat you and we can be best friends forever."

"And it's hallucinations," Misty muttered.

Jaiden shook his head slightly. "Well, it's not the worst that could happen. Now, we've got to prank call Brock as Nurse Joy."

He pulled out his phone and Mina immediately got up and pounced on him.

Mina pulled the phone from his hand triumphantly "Chocolate!"

"No, don't eat his phone you nut case," Drew said as Mina tried to bite Jaiden's phone.

"Ok, that's enough Mina," Jaiden said, taking his phone from her and wiping her saliva away on his pants.

"You can't eat it all yourself," Mina protested.

"I won't," Jaiden assured, dialling Brock's number.

Brock picked up shortly after. "Hello? This is Brock speaking."

"It's Nurse Joy," May said, putting on her best Nurse Joy voice.

"Oh the lovely Nurse Joy!" Brock exclaimed.

"Yes, I have something to tell you," Dawn said, also going along with the impression.

"I am listening," Brock said, "I would listen to your luxurious voice all day if I had to."

"I love you," Misty said, quickly cutting Brock off before he could rant, "and I want to be your girlfriend."

There was a happy yell from the other side.

"Of course you can be!" Brock exclaimed.

"Oh, sorry, Pokémon emergency," May said quickly before hanging up on him before he could rant again.


From GlimmerRose02;



Yes, I have more stuff!



May-Contestshipping is my favourite shipping! So here's a Drew plushie for you. And noodles.



Drew-Of course you get a May plushie and strawberries



Everyone-Confess! We've waited long enough!



Mina-Make everybody play 7 minutes in heaven (hide a video camera in the room). Then, get everyone on the couch with popcorn and watch the footage.



Ash-Call Serena and tell her that she's the most beautiful girl you've ever seen and then propose over the phone. Make sure you put Serena on Speaker. Video Misty's reaction and post it on Pokétube. One week later, read the number of views, likes, dislikes and some comments.



Dawn-Call the first person on your contact list and say 'May's doing the dresses, Misty's doing the entertainment, and my mum's doing the reception. So when's out wedding? Does tomorrow work for you?'


"Here, May, here's a Drew plushie," Jaiden said.

May took the Drew plushie and stared at it blankly. "What am I supposed to do with this?"

"Oh, I dunno, hug it, kiss it, pretend it's the real thing," Drew suggested, flicking his hair.

"Watch it grassy," May said, "I'll rip plushie Drew's head off and then you can be next."

Drew was silent after that.

"Oh and here's some noodles for you May," Jaiden added, handing her a bowl.

The bowl of noodles was instantly devoured by May.

Jaiden handed Drew a May plushie and a punnet of strawberries, but before he could even say it, Drew had devoured the strawberries and was licking his fingers clean.

"Well, now apparently was all have to confess," Jaiden said.

"Confess what?" Ash asked, "I uh…Guess I confess that I didn't change my socks today."

"Ew," Dawn said, pulling a face.

"I don't think that's what Jaiden meant," Drew said.

"Uh…But it didn't specify what confession we had to make," Misty said, "I'm all for Ash's idea. I confess that last night I stayed up until 4 am."

"That late…er…early?" Ash asked.

Misty nodded. "I was watching the new movie about water Pokémon."

"Well, I confess that I keep things in my closet that are not fashionable so that I can have days at home in trackies and sweatshirts," Dawn admitted.

Paul raised an eyebrow at her. "Well, imagine that."

Dawn huffed. "I can have dodgy clothes too! They happen to be very comfortable."

"Well, I confess that I once dyed my hair blonde," Paul said.

"Ew, why?" Dawn said.

Paul shrugged. "It's not exactly easy to get by as a guy with purple hair."

"Naw, Paul," Dawn cooed, "Don't worry, I love your purple mop."

Dawn pat Paul's head and his face went carefully blank.

"Well, blonde was no better so I dyed it back," Paul said.

"Well, I confess that I stole some of Ash's secret cookie supply," May said.

"You stole my cookies!" Ash exclaimed, standing up to point accusingly at May.

"You stole mine though!" May exclaimed, doing the same to point back at him, "I was paying you back."

"I thought some were missing!" Ash exclaimed, "It was you!"

"They were good," May teased.

"They were mine, you…you thief!" Ash shrieked.

"I think someone should jump in and stop them or this will go on forever," Misty said.

"Well, I confess that not all 83.5 roses have been for Beautifly," Drew said, smirking slightly at May.

"Huh?" She asked, looking at him.

Drew shrugged. "I might've given you half a slobbered, Munchlax-eaten rose because it wasn't perfect anymore."

"So Jaiden, what will you confess to?" Misty asked, "Something to do with Mina no doubt?"

Jaiden thought for a moment. "I confess that I accidentally gave Mina a scar and she doesn't know it's from me."

Everyone stared at Jaiden in disbelief.

"You're telling me that you actually hurt Mina?" Misty asked.

"We were wrestling," Jaiden said, pulling Mina up and rolling her sleeves up to show a faint scar on her forearm, "and I accidentally wrestled her into the table and she cut herself."

Mina giggled at Jaiden and pat his head. "Funny little raspberry."

"Are you able to confess something Mina?" Jaiden asked her.

"I confess that I love raspberries!" Mina exclaimed.

She gasped and pointed at Drew. "He has mushrooms growing out of his head."

"Now, everyone has to play 7 minutes in heaven," Jaiden said.

"All at once?" Misty asked, horrified.

Jaiden flipped the card over and shrugged. "I don't see any other rules so I guess so. It'll be cramped in there together though."

May laughed nervously.

"What, you guys would rather go in as couples?" Jaiden retorted, pushing Mina in.

"No!" Mina exclaimed, "There's monsters in here."

"Fine," Paul grumbled, "But I swear she is this close to being knocked unconscious."

He gestured to Mina and then held his index finger and his thumb a few centimetres apart to demonstrate.

"Please refrain," Jaiden said, "I'm hoping it'll all wear off eventually."

Everyone crowded into the closet and the door was shut.

"Ouch! You just elbowed me!"

"Yeah, well you just mallet-ed me!"

"Troublesome, quit backing up, I'm right here."

"Zip it Paul."

"No! The monster has got me!"

"That's just me Mina."

"So…Drew…Breath holding contest?"

"Are you still scared, April?"

"No!"

"Let me out! I can't survive 7 minutes!"

"Hold on a minute."

After 7 uncomfortable minutes, Jaiden opened the door and everyone tumbled back out again.

Paul spat a sock from his mouth and then headed to the bathroom to wash his mouth.

"I put a sock in his mouth to shut him up," Dawn explained.

Jaiden shook himself off and stood up first, picking up Mina off the pile after so that everyone else could get up.

"I feel sleepy," Mina said, yawning.

She fell asleep in Jaiden's arms, her head hanging limply over the side.

Jaiden laughed slightly and carried Mina over to the couch to lay her down.

Everyone else picked themselves from the floor and Dawn brushed off her outfit while Ash nursed a few new bruises.

"Ok, Ash, you have to do this," Jaiden said, pointing to Ash's dare.

"I can't do that," Ash said.

"Why not?" Jaiden asked.

"I already proposed," Ash said, "Wouldn't that make me a cheater?"

"You have a point," Jaiden said, "Never mind, Dawn you have to do this one."

Dawn nodded and opened her contacts before closing her eyes and blindly scrolling through. She clicked one and held it to her ear.

There was silence on the other side and so Dawn took advantage of the situation.

"May's doing the dresses, Misty's doing the entertainment, and my mum's doing the reception. So when's out wedding? Does tomorrow work for you?" She asked.

She was met with silence again and blinked in confusion.

A few seconds later, Paul came out of the bathroom, toothbrush hanging from his mouth and his phone beside his ear. He raised an eyebrow to Dawn as if to ask 'are you serious?'

Dawn pulled the phone away and looked at the contact before shrieking with embarrassment and hanging up on Paul. "It was a dare! I swear it!"

"Troublesome," Paul muttered, going back in to finish brushing his teeth and cleaning his mouth.


From jedipokemon;



I have some ideas for dares



Jaiden-Go inside the closet for 30 minutes.



Mina-Drink some coffee and then enter the closet while Jaiden is in there.



May and Drew-Don't let Jaiden and Mina out during the 30 minutes.



Paul-If you had to give one of your pokemon to Dawn, who would it be?



Dawn-If you had to give one of your pokemon to Paul, who would it be?



Misty-If you had to have a fire type pokemon and a bug type pokemon which pokemon would you train?



Ash-Here is a Shiny Tentacool. It knows Giga Drain, Ice Beam, sludge bomb, and Hydropump.



Ash-I noticed that Mina had about 15 cups of coffee. I would like you to drink the same amount she did.



Mina-Try to take one of the cups of coffee and give it to Jaiden.



Misty-prepare you mallet in case Ash does something that endangers himself or the group.



Jaiden-After what happens with Ash, who would you prefer to have coffee, Ash or Mina?



Jaiden-What would Mina have to do so that you would let her drink coffee again?



Everyone-What is the scariest thing Mina has done? (In your opinion)



Everyone- What Pokémon would you never train? And explain (Misty can't pick a bug type Pokémon of Psyduck)



Everyone-What type of Pokémon have you always wanted to train?


Mina woke up quickly and snatched the cards from Jaiden.

"That was a short nap," Jaiden said, raising his eyebrows.

"My turn raspberry," Mina said, giggling.

"And she's still hallucinating," Jaiden muttered.

"It says Jaiden has to go in a closet for 30 minutes," Mina said, "But where is Jaiden?"

"Here," Jaiden said, waving a hand in her face.

Mina giggled. "Hello giant raspberry."

Jaiden smacked a hand to his head and then walked into closet.

A cup of coffee appeared in Mina's hands and she grinned goofily.

"Oh dear," Misty said.

Mina drank it quickly and then charged into the closet after Jaiden.

Paul came out the bathroom then and suddenly everyone pressed their ears to the door to listen.

The sounds of Mina giggling was prominent first and then Jaiden's surprised noise when Mina suddenly pounced on him.

"Careful Mina," Jaiden said.

"Raspberry!" Mina exclaimed.

Jaiden's sudden cry of pain came next.

"Ouch, ouch, Mina! Ouch! I'm not a raspberry!" Jaiden exclaimed, "Let me go!"

There was scuffling noises and then Jaiden and Mina burst out once again.

Mina flopped onto the ground and Jaiden rubbed his neck.

"What happened?" Drew asked.

"Mina bit me," Jaiden said sheepishly, "She thought I was a raspberry."

He moved his hand away and everyone inspected the bite mark.

"That looks pretty painful," May said.

"It's already bruising," Dawn said, "You should get something cold for it."

"On it," Misty said, running to the kitchen and coming back with a cool wet cloth.

Jaiden glared slightly at Mina as he put the cloth on his injury. "I am never letting you hallucinate again. It is not fun."

Mina just grinned back innocently.

Drew picked up the dropped cards and handed them back to Jaiden. "So much for keeping you in there for 30 minutes."

"I think he deserved to come out," May said.

Jaiden's gaze softened out slightly and he shook his head. "She didn't mean it. I'm sure she wouldn't do that if she wasn't hallucinating."

"Paul and Dawn," Jaiden said, finally reading the cards again, "If you had to give each other one Pokémon, which would it be?"

"Aw, that's a tough one," Dawn said.

"I wouldn't trust troublesome with my Pokémon," Paul said, grunting, "She'd probably dress it up and take it to a contest."

Dawn huffed. "I would not. If you asked me to look after a Pokémon, I would look after it. It would probably be too grumpy like you for a contest anyway."

Paul snorted slightly.

"Just choose one," Jaiden said.

Dawn thought for a moment. "You could take Mamoswine. I'm sure you wouldn't scare him with your grumpy attitude and harsh comments."

Paul grunted again. "If your Pokémon would be scared by me, then they're too weak."

"They are not!" Dawn shouted at him, "They just aren't used to being yelled at like your Pokémon. Not every trainer treats them the same way."

Paul grunted again in response. "Well, then you could have Froslass. She's a girl so it wouldn't be as awful if you decided to dress her up in pink sparkly things."

He pulled a face of disgust after his comment, which only served to agitate Dawn more.

Jaiden stepped between them however to stop them fighting. "So Misty, if you had to chose between a fire type or a bug type Pokémon to train, which would you choose?"

"Fire," Misty said immediately.

"Here Ash," Jaiden said, tossing a Pokéball at Ash, "It's a shiny Tentacool."

May backed away from Ash while Misty moved closer.

"Aw, that's so cool," Misty said, "Can I see it at least?"

Ash looked at the Pokéball and then at Misty. "I think you should have it."

"Really?" Misty asked, eyes lighting up, "But it's your Pokémon."

"Here," Ash said, placing the Pokéball in her hands, "You love water Pokémon. Consider it and early birthday present."

"Thank you so much!" Misty exclaimed, hugging Ash tightly.

15 cups of coffee appeared on a table and Jaiden looked at them nervously.

"They're for you Ash," Jaiden said, "Try not to go too crazy. Mina has to steal one for me."

Mina ran over and grabbed one.

"Give it to me Mina," Jaiden said.

Mina laughed. "You don't need it, raspberry." She drank it quickly and went back to running around the room.

Ash drank the first cup and his eyes dilated. "This stuff is good."

"Oh no," Misty said, getting her mallet ready.

Ash quickly drank the rest and was soon running around the room in the opposite direction.

Irritation marks appeared on Misty's head. She was just about ready to throw her mallet at either one of the screaming, crazed trainers when they collided.

Ash and Mina fell to the ground, blinking at each other.

"Red light means stop," Mina said, holding a hand up.

"Green means go!" Ash exclaimed, clapping his hands.

Misty face-palmed. "They're like little children."

"They're just as bad as each other now," Drew said.

May looked innocently at Jaiden. "Can I have coffee too?"

"No!" everyone else yelled at once.

"I would still prefer Ash to have coffee over Mina," Jaiden said, nodding.

"Why?" Dawn asked.

"I would suspect he'd still be afraid of Misty's mallet," Jaiden said, "At least I'd hope. And Mina is crazy anyway! No one needs to fuel that!"

Jaiden read over the next dare. "I will never let Mina drink coffee again."

"What if she kissed you for it?" Dawn asked.

Jaiden shook his head. "Nope."

Misty gave him a sly glance. "What if she'd marry you for it."

"No!" Jaiden exclaimed.

His face slowly heated up, going bright red as his eyes darted to the side. "…Maybe."

Misty nodded smugly. "That's what I thought."

Jaiden whistled at the next dare in disbelief. "So, what is the scariest thing Mina has done so far?"

"Stab herself with a knife!" Dawn exclaimed.

"I agree!" May said.

"The second time she stabbed herself was a little more scary," Drew said, "You don't do things twice!"

"Bite Jaiden," Paul said, "If she bit Jaiden, who knows what she'd do to us."

"I think when she threatened me by using Misty to betray me," Ash said, briefly halting his coffee craze, "Even if it wasn't real, it was scary."

"Probably just going crazy on coffee in general," Misty said, "She's pretty weird. Or maybe tell us about all the weapons she keeps."

"I think the scariest thing was when she was in a coma," Jaiden said quietly.

Everyone else looked at Jaiden in sympathy.

"Now which Pokémon do you all really want to train and not want to train?" Jaiden asked, "And Misty, you can't say bug Pokémon or Psyduck."

"Legendary," Paul said, "Always wanted one of those. And I don't want to train something weak, like a Caterpie."

"I never want to train a Tentacool!" May exclaimed, "and I'd really like to train Manaphy."

"I'd like to train something cute," Dawn said, "And rare. Or legendary. Like Shaymin. And I don't think I'd like to train something creepy, like a Yamask. Those things are scary."

"Well, I guess I'd like to train a water legendary," Misty said, "Suicine probably. Maybe Kyogre. Even Palkia would be cool even though he's half dragon. And I wouldn't want to train…Um…well, if I can't say bug, then a Pokémon that looks like a bug!"

"Well, I think I'd like to train a legendary, probably one that looked really cool. Rayquaza would be awesome to train," Drew said, "and I wouldn't want to train Munchlax or Snorlax. they're too much like May."

"Hey!" May exclaimed.

Drew flicked his hair and smirked at her.

"I'd like to train an electric legendary," Jaiden said, "like Zapdos or Raikou. and I wouldn't train a Rapidash or Ponyta because I'd never be able to use it when Mina's around."

Everyone looked to Mina and Ash who were bounding around the room, holding hands and singing 'the yellow brick road' song.

"I think it's safe to say, they're both out of commission," Jaiden said, "So let's move on."


From Arabic Lady 254;



Hey peeps! Have some truths and dares!



Misty-Hit Ash every time you think he's acting stupid



Ash-Slap the person you hate most in the room



Drew-Call Norman and Caroline and tell them that you and May got married and had a child



May-Battle Ash with this Pikachu



Mina-Do you like Jaiden as more than a best friend? And I mean boyfriend if you're too oblivious


"Well, uh…Misty you have to hit Ash on the head when you think he's acting stupid," Jaiden said.

Misty pursed her lips together and pointed to Ash and Mina who were spinning around in circles together. "Yeah, I think that might be all the time."

"Ok, so to prevent Ash from sustaining brain damage, how about you just hit him once?"

Misty nodded and then hit Ash on the head.

Both Mina and Ash stopped, blinking at Misty. Ash then burst out laughing at Misty while Mina giggled and hugged Misty.

"Fluffy," Mina said, "You're so fluffy teddy bear. Do the dance! Teddy bear, teddy bear, touch the ground!"

Misty just shook her head at Mina.

"No, like this," Mina said.

Mina bent down to touch the ground and then flipped over and tumbled down, laughing.

"You know what's scary?" Drew asked, "Is that she acts like a drunk."

"Don't give them ideas!" Jaiden shrieked, "We don't need drunk Mina, caffeinated Mina or Sugar high Mina!"

May laughed at Jaiden. "I wonder why? She's totally crazy!"

"Ash!" Jaiden called, "Slap the person you hate most."

"Naw, sorry Mina but Jaiden says I have to slap you," Ash said, lightly patting Mina's face, "There you go."

Mina laughed and then did the same back to Ash. "Silly little bear. I love you too! Because a bear likes to say it with a slap!"

Ash laughed and then hugged Mina.

Everyone stared at Mina and Ash.

"This is because they had coffee right?" Misty asked, clenching her mallet.

"I would hope so," Jaiden muttered darkly as he glared at Ash.

"Brother!" Mina exclaimed.

"Sister!" Ash yelled.

"Family forever!" Mina yelled, "and then Misty can be my sister in law and then you have babies and then live happily ever after!"

Misty went bright red while Ash nodded.

"Speaking of family," Jaiden said, "Drew, you have to call May's parents and tell them that you've married May and started your own family."

Drew paled. "Please don't make me do that."

Jaiden gave Drew a phone and Drew winced.

"You're signing my death warrant," Drew said.

"Just do it," Jaiden said.

Drew let out a small whine, but dialled the number. "I hope you're prepared to pay for a funeral."

Jaiden shrugged. "I can dig a hole, that good enough for you?"

Drew looked absolutely horrified and paled even more as Norman picked up the phone.

"Hello, this is Norman speaking, may I ask who's calling?" Norman said.

Drew let out a squeak of terror.

"Pardon?" Norman asked, "I didn't catch that."

"Drew," Drew replied.

"Drew," Norman said slowly, "Hayden isn't it?"

"Yes," Drew said.

"What is it you need?" Norman asked.

"Ah…well..I kinda…well…might have married May and now we have a kid," Drew whispered.

"Pardon? I can't hear you, speak up," Norman said.

"I married May and now we have a kid," Drew yelled.

Everything was silent and Drew started shaking because of the tension.

"Oh sweetie, we're grandparents," Caroline said in the background.

"Kid," Norman roared.

That was all Drew heard before he passed out, letting Norman rant to absolutely no one.

Jaiden calmly prodded Drew's face and, finding that Drew was well and truly unconscious, picked up his phone.

Jaiden nodded slightly and then decided to interrupt whatever it was that Norman saying. "Hello Mr. Maple?"

This got Norman to stop, having heard another voice. "What?"

"Forgive me for interrupting you," Jaiden said politely, "But I would like to excuse Drew from your outrage. He was acting on the influence of a dare."

"What?" Norman asked.

"Drew was dared to say that," Jaiden explained calmly, "They are not married and there is no child."

"Unless you count Mina and Ash," Misty muttered quietly.

"Oh," Norman said.

"Yes, so if you would please refrain from hunting him down and killing him it would be much appreciated," Jaiden said casually.

"Can you just tell Dew one thing then?" Norman asked.

"Certainly," Jaiden said.

"Tell him to hurry it up," Norman said, "I'm not getting any younger and I want grandkids."

"I can assure you I shall let him know," Jaiden said, before he hung up.

"How could you say that so calmly?" Dawn asked.

Jaiden shrugged. "It's not the worst. Mina has a crazy family."

This got a few smirks.

"Met the family then Jaiden?" Misty asked, "When's the wedding?"

Jaiden blushed slightly. "That's not what I meant!"

He shook his head and tossed a Pokéball at May. "It's a Pikachu. You have to battle Ash with it."

May released the Pikachu inside and Ash looked up at his name.

"I can battle!" Ash yelled, "Ash-a-chu, use thunderbolt!"

He crouched down and scamped around the room. "Ash-a-chu!"

He scrunched his face up in what was supposed to be an impersonation of a Pikachu. However, soon after he found himself fried by not only one, but two offended Pikachus.

"I think I won," Ash said in a dazed voice.

"I don't think so," May said as the Pikachu she had went back into it's Pokéball and disappeared.

Jaiden blushed at the next dare and approached Mina. "Do you like me Mina? Like as in a…boyfriend?"

Mina laughed and grabbed Jaiden's face. "Of course I love raspberries. But I don't think raspberries can be my boyfriend before I want to eat raspberries."

"No," Jaiden said, shaking his head, "Do you love me, as in Jaiden?"

Mina laughed harder. "You're not Jaiden. Jaiden has brown hair and blue eyes and he isn't a raspberry."

"But do you love Jaiden?" Jaiden asked.

Mina grinned innocently. "Maybe, maybe not. I don't know. Jaiden's my best friend. I don't think I've thought of him like that."

"Oh," Jaiden said, deflating slightly.

"Don't look sad," Mina said, pouting, "I still love you, raspberries."

"Yeah," Jaiden muttered.

Dawn, who felt sorry for Jaiden for once, put a hand on his shoulder. "Hey, she said she hadn't thought about it. That doesn't mean that she won't even think about it."

Jaiden shot Dawn a grateful look and then read out the next dares.


From Aubrie1234;



Hi guys! It's me again, and I'm glad Mina's back! Anyway, here are the truth and dares!



Drew-Tell us what you were thinking when you were a Zoroark. Did you like May's brushing and what did you think of your dares? What would you have said if you could have during them?



Boys-Try to cook a meal for the girls. I would suggest making a cake or bread rolls



Girls-Eat what the boys made. NO BUTS!



Drew and Paul-Go out in the wilderness and try to fend off a pack of hungry Luxrays and Mightyenas WITHOUT your Pokémon. May and Dawn can't help either.



Everyone else-Watch what happens on he portable big screen TV I'm giving you.



Boys-Sing Brock's song 'Two Perfect Girls'.


"Drew," Jaiden said, shaking his shoulders, "Hey! Wake up!"

"Here, I know how to wake him!" May exclaimed.

She ran out and came with strawberry lipgloss in her hands. She opened it and waved it under Drew's nose.

Drew's eyes instantly shot open and he grabbed May's hands.

"Chill," May shrieked, pulling her hands back in surprise at Drew's sudden movements.

She hurried to cap the lipgloss again and Drew blinked.

"What?" Drew asked.

"Norman tells you to hurry up by the way," Jaiden said, "But before that, how did it feel to be a Zoroark when May was brushing your fur and what would you have said?"

"When I was a Zoroark?" Drew asked, "When was that?"

Jaiden typed on his laptop and then showed Drew the security footage of Drew's time as a Zoroark.

"My ears are not sensitive!" Drew exclaimed.

"Shall we test that?" May asked.

Drew quickly shook his head. "And I hated being brushed. It was like I was some kind of pet!"

May raised an eyebrow at him, but Drew stayed firm.

"Now all of us guys have to cook something for the girls and they have to eat it," Jaiden said.

"We can cook anything?" Drew asked, eyes lighting up.

Jaiden flipped the card over and then nodded. "It suggests bread or cake, but I suppose you can make whatever you want."

Drew ran into the kitchen quickly.

"He's excited," Misty said.

"Somehow I feel like it's for a different reason than just cooking," Jaiden said, "Well, come along Ash, Paul."

Paul sighed slightly and followed Jaiden as he dragged Ash into the kitchen.

The girls laughed at them before each went quiet.

"I'm going to get something awful!" Misty howled.

"Does Drew even cook?" May asked.

Dawn pulled a face. "I bet Paul has no taste."

A while later and the boys came back out again.

First came Drew, who was carrying a plate…full of empty crumbs…and pink frosting all around his mouth…

May blinked blankly as Drew proudly presented it before he also stared at the plate. "Hey, where'd my strawberry cake go?"

May burst out laughing and swiped some frosting from his mouth, holding it in front of him. "Try your mouth. I think you ate it."

Drew pouted slightly. "Well, that's a waste. I don't remember how good it tasted."

Ash came out next, grinning proudly as he presented Misty with a few blackened lumps.

"What is that?" Misty said, recoiling in slight horror.

"What are you talking about, they're brownies!" Ash exclaimed.

Misty gave them a sceptical look. Ash looked at Misty with big expectant eyes, grinning widely. Misty then groaned and put one of the black lumps into her mouth.

She immediately paled and started choking as she tried (and failed) to swallow whatever it was that Ash has severely burnt. After a few moments she eventually went to the tap to wash it down.

"Are you trying to kill me!" Misty screeched at Ash when she finally came back, wiping her mouth.

Ash frowned and stared at his plate for a moment before looking back at Misty innocently. "You offended them, say sorry Misty."

Misty snorted and Ash pouted deeply.

"They offended my taste buds," Misty retorted.

Ash frowned at his 'brownies'. "Bad, brownies. Say sorry to Mist!"

He frowned deeper when there was no response. "Don't ignore me."

Ignoring Ash, everyone else turned to Paul. He came in with a simple loaf of bread, which he handed to Dawn without a word.

Dawn sighed slightly. "Of course." And then bit into the loaf.

Paul pretended to be indifferent, but was carefully watching her reaction from the corner of his eye.

Dawn pulled a face. "Well, it's good bread, but you could at least have given me some jam or something. It's so bland."

Paul grunted. "Gilding a lily. Bread's fine by itself."

The minute Jaiden came out with a raspberry cheesecake, her was tackled over by Mina, who then immediately demolished the cake happily.

She licked her lips happily. "Tasty." And then proceeded to crawl on the ground with her nose to the ground like a Pokémon.

"What is she doing?" Misty asked.

"Who know," Jaiden replied, shrugging, "Ok, Paul and Drew, you have to go out and fend off a hungry pack of Luxrays with no Pokémon or any help." He then proceeded to show them out and lock the door.

While Drew and Paul walked around, Jaiden pulled out his laptop and a small flying camera came out and tracked down to where Paul and Drew were, showing on the screen what they were doing.

It didn't take long for the Luxrays to make themselves apparent. Paul's hands automatically reached for his Pokéballs and he scowled when he found they were not there. Drew on the other hand, paled significantly and froze up upon seeing them.

That did not last long however as Drew let out a (manly) shrieked and ran away.

Startled by the sudden movement, the Luxrays immediately went after Drew.

May giggled slightly at the screen, not feeling the least bit sympathetic to the poor grass-headed boy.

While Drew was running in all directions and screaming (Manly screams, he assures you), Paul was just watching with a bored expression.

Dawn sweat-dropped. "He could help just a little."

After a while, it became clear that nothing else was going to happen so Jaiden unlocked the door to let them back in.

Paul walked in first calmly, shrugging.

Drew ran in after and then slammed the door shut, panting. Then he went to the kitchen, drank a glass of water and collapsed onto the couch all the while with May laughing at him.

"Shut up, May," Drew said between his breaths.

May just giggled.

Jaiden looked at the next and frowned. "We have to sing Brock's song…"

Paul twitched in annoyance, Drew groaned breathlessly and Ash payed no attention as he stared intently at a stray piece of fluff on the ground with Mina.

"I think it was a very bad idea to let them both have coffee," May said.

"You're telling me," Jaiden said, as he watched them.

Mina and Ash both had their heads on the ground, their arms folded underneath them. Their knees were on the ground, legs bending up, subsequently also putting their behinds up in the air.

"They really do look like a new type of Pokémon," Misty said.

"I say we wait for all this to wear off," Jaiden said.

The boys, aside Ash, went and sang Brock's song…Well, Jaiden sang it, Drew panted it out and Paul grumbled.

"I didn't feel comfortable singing that song," Jaiden said, looking towards the next dare.


From QUEENSPELLER67;



Keep up the fun stuff. The torture is some of the best stuff! So, Gary &amp; Leafy are gone ;|P more fun.



Ash- You're a hard one to write w/o Misty, so, here goes. Ash, I dare you to get on Misty's Gyarados (estimated a little over level 50), on his (Gyarados's head) &amp; surf while singing Surfin USA, Pikachu isn't with you. Should you refuse (I warn you in advance), you won't be Ash.



Misty- Let Ash's Pikachu get on your shoulder while Ash is singing &amp; riding your Gyarados. If Ash succeeds, you have to let him bond with Gyarados; in an aquarium. If Ash falls off of Gyarados at any point, Pikachu (under your command because of the fact that I forgot to mention you are covered [not completely ;)] in ketchup) has to use Thunder Shock on Ash. Pikachu is in your wedding!



Jaiden- I dare you to let Mina have about a gallon of Coffee Mate coffee creamer. Should you refuse, I have Ko (level 72 Raikou) &amp; Jade (my first Gyarados in Yellow; level 56) at my disposal.



Mina- I dare you to sing Gasolina to the guy you like, that happens to be in the room.



Dawn- Have a triple battle with Barry &amp; his Empoleon, Hitmonlee &amp; Skarmory. Piplup is to face his Empoleon.



Paul- You succeeded in your dare last chapter. Off the hook, for now.



Drew &amp; May- I dare you to have a double contest battle; pick your 2 Pokemon wisely. The double battle is against Wally &amp; Solidad. Wally's Ralts is now a Gardevoir (mischievous wink) &amp; Solidad's Pidgeot is stronger (mischievous wink).



Ash- If you turn into Ashachu (see above) admit that there's another fiery red-head you like. If you don't turn into Ashachu, tell us where you think your (living) father is; in terms of a region.



Misty- If you could pick a boyfriend for Violet (Daisy &amp; Tracey are on a date, as are Dorian &amp; Lily), who would you pick?



Paul- If you had to fight (hand-to-hand combat) in front of everyone, who would be your opponent: Dahlia, Greta, or Maylene? Pick one &amp; fight like a man for Dawn.



Dawn- If Paul picks Maylene, you cannot cheer in your cheerleader outfit. If he picks Dahlia, you have to battle one-on-one with Greta in your cheerleader outfit. If he picks Greta, you have to have a contest battle with Dahlia; 2 Pokemon apiece. If he picks Maylene, tell him you love him &amp; lock lips with him.



May- If Drew wasn't your boyfriend, would you rather date Harley or Wally?



Drew-Was Roserade your starter? If yes, dress in a tuxedo &amp; tango with May. If not, you have to have an arm-wrestling match with a very strong arm-wrestler. Not May or Solidad. Fantina is your opponent. She's tougher than she looks. If Roserade was your starter, you don't have to worry about that last part.



Jaiden- Referee all the matches in nothing but a pair of swim trunks in front of the girl you like. She's in the room.



Mina- So, Gary &amp; Leaf have left... who's the guy in the room?


"Ash, you have to…" Jaiden started to say.

"NO!" Ash exclaimed, cutting him off as he shook his head quickly, "I'm watching."

No sooner did Ash say no, did he transform with a bright white glow. When it faded, Ash's brown eyes blinked up from a messy Pikachu body. Although he looked like a Pikachu, there were still features to distinguish him; his cap, his messy hair and his innocent brown eyes…And the fact that he was still hyperactive.

Ash darted around the room and buzzed with electricity. "Asha-chu!"

Pikachu looked very unimpressed and almost zapped Ash, before he remembered that Ash really was an Ashachu and he wasn't just mocking him.

"Well, I guess Misty's dare can't really be done like this," Jaiden said, "And I have to…" He paused and trailed off.

"What?" Misty asked, getting slightly irritated at the hyperactive Ashachu.

"Coffee Mate coffee creamer!" Jaiden exclaimed in horror. "A gallon! For Mina!"

No sooner had he finished his sentence, did a barrel appear of coffee creamer and Mina instantly was drawn to it.

Jaiden let out a noise of horror as Mina bent over the barrel and started lapping up the coffee creamer happily.

Mina bent further into the barrel until she finally finished and curled up in the bottom of the barrel as she passed out from an overdose on caffeine.

"At least she's not bouncing off the walls," Misty said.

"Yes," jaiden said, "But I fear for what will happen when she wakes up again." He went to call Barry and blinked slightly when he was shot straight to message bank. "Barry's not answering so I guess I have to move on."

"What did you need Barry for?" Dawn asked.

"Dare for you, Dawn," Jaiden replied, "You had to battle him, but if he's not answering, I can't really access him."

"Can't you do anything with all that technology you seem to have?" Misty asked.

Jaiden shook his head. "I can't drag people here."

"Not what it seems like," A few of the 'volunteers' muttered.

Jaiden dialled a few others. "On the other hand, Solidad and Wally can come in to have a two on two battle with May and Drew."

"Wally," May said, blinking, "Oh, I remember Wally. He was such a sweet little boy last time I saw him."

Drew hissed in jealousy, but May took it as him being annoyed that Solidad was coming to tease him.

The battle ensured almost immediately upon Wally and Solidad's arrival due to Drew pulling out him Roserade and immediately setting her on Wally, who brought Gardevoir to protect himself. Solidad and May had then just followed on, not taking much note of it.

Solidad did however, see Drew's jealous expression and chuckled quietly to herself.

The battle was over in minutes. Solidad and Wally did have very strong Pokémon, however May and Drew's teamwork was so obviously stronger that they were automatically covering for each others' weaknesses.

"Very impressive Drew," Solidad said, recalling her Pokémon, "You have quite improved since I've seen you. You too, May."

"Really? Thank you," May said happily, very elated to have a compliment like that from Solidad.

"I still can't beat you, May," Wally said, a little deflated.

"Oh, don't worry Wally, you were very good," May assured, "Remember that I've also been training as well. But I see how much you've improved and I'm proud of you."

Wally looked at May with wide eyes and a slight pink blush on his cheeks. "Wow, thanks May."

Drew growled at him and Wally squeaked.

"I should go," Wally said, disappearing out the door as fast as he could.

May blinked and Solidad chuckled lightly.

"I should be going too," Solidad said, "I'll see you some other time, Drew, May." She gave a wave and walked out.

Jaiden watched them go and then looked at the next dare and then Ash. "Sorry, I really don't think Ash is in a reasonable state to answer this. So Misty, who would you pick for Violet's boyfriend?"

Misty waved a hand. "I dunno. Someone she thinks is hot. I honestly don't care much."

"Well, Paul, who would you battle?" Jaiden asked, "Choose carefully. You will have to battle Dawn and whoever you battle also influences Dawn's choice."

Paul raised an eyebrow. "What are the choices."

Jaiden went and showed all the choices to Paul, also showing him Dawn's dare and giving him a pointed look.

Paul's eyes narrowed. "Maylene."

Dawn shrieked in horror and embarrassment as she was told what she had to do as Maylene came in to fight.

"Hey Paul," Maylene said cheerfully.

Paul rolled his eyes at her. "Have a good ate with Reggie or something?"

Maylene went pink and huffed. "That's got nothing to do with anything. Wrestle me."

Paul silently stood, waiting for her.

After quite a skilled battle, Maylene finally gave up and puffed on the ground.

"You're a meanie, Paul," Maylene complained.

Paul rolled his eyes. "Just because you're a girl doesn't mean that I'm going easy on you."

Maylene grinned. "Really? Aw, you're so sweet Paul." Then she cheerfully got up and skipped away.

Paul rolled his eyes again and looked at Dawn expectantly.

Dawn blushed heavily and went to Paul. "I…I…Te amo!*"

(*Please note, I use Google Translate to translate 'I love you' to Spanish and came up with the results 'Te amo'. So please forgive me if this is not right.)

Paul blinked and Dawn brought Paul's head down to bring her mouth to his. After a few seconds, Dawn ripped away and blushed furiously.

"Troublesome," Paul muttered.

Dawn went red for an entirely different reason as she leaned to yell; "My name is Dawn!"

"May, if you had to choose between Wally or Harley to date, who would you pick?" Jaiden asked.

"Wally," May said immediately, eliciting a fierce scowl from Drew, "No way I'd date Harley!"

Drew still scowled until Jaiden turned his gaze to Drew.

"Was Roserade your starter?" Jaiden asked, "If so, tango with May and make it interesting."

"Roserade was my starter once upon a time when she was a Budew," Drew said, "My dad got her for me."

"Then do the tango with May," Jaiden said, pointing to May, "And make it interesting."

Drew released his Roserade and then clicked his fingers, holding his hand out expectantly.

Roserade, knowing was this meant, produced a beautiful red rose and placed it delicately in Drew's hand.

Drew went to change and came out in a sleek black tuxedo, with the rose daintily held between his teeth. He made an overdramatic flourish with his hand and slowly and smoothly strutted towards May.

Jaiden typed on his laptop and dimmed the lights, focusing a spotlight on May.

May squeaked as Drew wordlessly grabbed her hands and pulled her right up against him. Her eyes widened and before she could react, Drew was pulling her in the tango, dramatically twisting and turning wherever he could.

At the end, he dipped May down and she went red as the blood rushed to her face.

Dawn giggled slightly, Misty smirked and… Ash was just an Ashachu while Mina paid no attention as she was still sleeping. Paul was unchanged and Jaiden was really wishing for the day to be over.

Drew let May go and dropped the rose from his mouth, handing it to May.

May took it, smiling at it before she squeaked as she realised Drew's mouth had been on it and she hurried to throw it away from her. "Cooties!"

"Really May?" Drew asked, face-palming.

Jaiden blinked at the next dare. "I was supposed to be in swim trunks that whole time? Well… Oops. I'm sorry. Maybe they should put that kind of dare at the start and since Mina's unavailable, I'll move on."


From hackergamerlv97;



I really love your stories.



Please include my dares. PLEASE!



Ash - say that you are a Belieber (a person who loves and is believing in Justin Bieber) and you are very proud of it



Misty - play with a bug Pokémon



Jaiden - download Eyes: The Horror Game (ignore Mina).



May - call Max and ask him for a date



Everyone - play Eyes: The Horror Game



Dawn - act like a drunk



Mina - Play The Impossible Quiz on Jaiden's PC



Misty - try to crack the F.B.I



Ash - take off all your clothes, leave only the underwear



Paul - are you scared from clowns?


After Jaiden read the dares, Ash returned to his normal form, but did not stop running around in a crazy fashion.

Mina, at Ash's racket, shifted and blinked her eyes opened.

Jaiden looked at her, hoping the caffeine had worn off, but it fell as Mina let out a crazy laughed and tipping the barrel over so she could roll in it.

"I swear they're going to hurt themselves," Dawn said.

Jaiden sighed. "Probably."

"Might get them to shut up," Paul muttered.

"Ash, say you are a Belieber," Jaiden said, shivering.

"Then I saw her face!" Ash exclaimed, pointing to Misty, "Now I'm a Belieber! Not a trace! Of doubt in my mind! I'm a believer and I couldn't leave her if I tried!"



(*note* This song 'I'm a believer' is originally sung by The Monkees from my understanding. But it is more modernly sung by Smash Mouth and the Smash Mouth version was the one I was thinking of here, most commonly recognised from Shrek… So take that how you will)



Misty blinked. "Not sure if I should mallet him or not."

"I'm in love!" Mina continued.

"Oooh, ahhhhh," Ash cooed.

Mina cracked up laughing, snorting as she did so.

"They're really not taking this seriously," Jaiden said.

"Probably for the better," Misty said, "Or Ash may be malleted."

"You've got to play with a bug Pokémon," Jaiden said to Misty.

Misty instantly shrieked and ran to the bathroom, locking the door. "I'm never coming out again!"

"Misty," Jaiden said, "Just for 5 seconds."

Misty paused and came out.

May released Beautifly, who trilled her name upon coming out.

Misty screamed slightly and quickly counted to five before running. "Ok! That's it!"

May sadly called Beautifly back. "It's ok. I'm sure Misty would love you if she wasn't afraid."

Jaiden blinked. "Really? Another horror game? Does no one learn that I cannot download them?" He sighed and took his laptop out.

Immediately Mina hissed and snatched his laptop. She put it in the barrel and promptly climbed in after, preventing Jaiden from accessing it.

"I can't exactly ignore her like this," Jaiden said.

"Nice try," Misty said, "But I'm curious, why's she so against it?"

Jaiden shrugged. "That's one for Mina… If she was actually sane right now. Moving on though, May call Max and ask for a date."

May pulled a face. "Wait, do you mean ask Max to date me? Or ask him on a date for someone else. Because if it's for me, I refuse to do that."

"I think he meant for someone else, airhead," Drew said.

"Then I'll just set him up with Renae why don't I?" May retorted.

"Do whatever," Drew said.

May huffed and dialled Max's number.

After only a short time, Max picked up. "Hey May."

"Hi Max," May said cheerfully.

"What's up?" Max asked.

"Oh, nothing much," May said, "Just truth or dare stuff."

Max glared darkly at the phone. "I'm hearing a lot of stuff about you and Drew from dad. What's he doing to you?"

"Nothing!" May shrieked, "Absolutely nothing! Nothing happened. They're all dares."

Max grumbled a little over the phone.

"Anyway Max, would you do me a favour?" May asked.

"Oh no!" Max said quickly, "I'm not babysitting Renae for you while you and Drew go out somewhere. I didn't even go with her the first time!"

May opened her mouth, but then pouted as he hung up.

"Well, Dawn's gotta act like a drunk," Jaiden said, "That'll be interesting."

Dawn brightened. "That's something I can do." She handed the egg that she had since put in a basket with a pillow and her scarf to Paul and went t the bathroom.

She came back out again with way too much blusher on her cheeks and her other make up smudged. She held an empty bottle in her hands.

She stumbled slightly and hiccuped as she wobble.

"No, mmm, not druuunk," she slurred.

"Wait… She didn't actually drink that did she?" Paul asked slowly.

"No," Jaiden said, "It's an empty sweet chilli sauce bottle."

"Mm, not drunk," Dawn slurred, stumbling and collapsing. She flopped back and pretended to pass out.

"Ok… Great, Mina has to play the impossible quiz," Jaiden said as Dawn got up again to fix her appearance.

He walked over to Mina's barrel and Mina roared as he approached.

"I'm a dragon!" Mina exclaimed, "This is my treasure."

"Ok, dragon, you can have it back after," Jaiden said as he grabbed her arm and pulled her out to grab his laptop, "There's something you need to do."

Jaiden opened it and searched for the impossible quiz before bringing it up on screen.

Mina stared at the screen and Jaiden prompted her fingers to the mousepad.

"Go on," Jaiden said.

Mina blinked and moved her hands.

And clicked the wrong answer three times, causing the game over screen to pop up and the screen sound to blast at full volume.



(*Note* I have played this game and the first time the game over screen popped up, it actually scared me because I wasn't expecting it and my volume was coincidentally on full blast without me knowing :S Smart move right?)



Mina let out a piercing scream and slapped the lid down, turning and tackling Jaiden down. She grabbed his jumper and hid her head under it, pressing her head against his shirt, shivering.

Jaiden, feeling guilty for scaring Mina even in a coffee induced state, rubbed her back soothingly and slowly started to calm her down.

"Sh, it's ok," Jaiden said softly, "I'm sorry Mina."

Mina just stayed where she was, shocked out of her coffee induced state enough to be normal again even with all the caffeine running through her system.

Jaiden waited until Mina was calm enough to pull herself out.

"Well, well," Misty said,smirking, "That was rather interesting."

Jaiden shook his quickly and Mina blinked.

"What happened?" Mina asked, "I think I've been sleeping or something. My head feels funny."

"You've had way too much coffee and then you were hallucinating on cactus juice," Jaiden said, "And you thought I was a raspberry and you bit me."

Mina pouted. "I'm sorry."

"Yeah," Jaiden mumbled, "Are you sane?"

"Of course I am," Mina said, snorting as she snatched the dare cards, "I always have been. Now." She paused to read the dare. "Misty, you have to hack into the F.B.I."

Misty frowned. "I don't even know how to hack to begin with."

Jaiden brought up the website on his laptop and handed it to Misty.

Misty pressed a few buttons and then squealed as an alarm sound went off and she hurried to close the website.

Jaiden paused and opened it again. He clicked rapidly and sighed in relief when the alarm sound stopped. "Hopefully they won't track the security breach to me now."

Mina blinked and watched Ash run around. "He's gotta take off all his clothes… But what is wrong with him?"

"Too much coffee," Misty said.

Ash cheered and pulled his clothes off until he was only in his Pikachu underwear.

Dawn and May turned away. Paul smirked a little and Drew cracked up laughing. Mina squealed and hid her face while Jaiden chuckled at her.

And Misty twitched. "I have no idea whether I should laugh, mallet him or scream."

Eventually she made her mind up and settled for malleting him since she hadn't done that for a while and Ash shrieked as he tried to get away.

"And Paul," Mina said, ignoring Misty and Ash, "Are you scared of clowns?"

Paul frowned and shook his head. "Why would I be scared of clowns?"


From Mia the awesome;



Ash and Misty-clearly say their feelings of each other and they can't speak quickly.



Female Pokemon-must admit their feelings in front of their crush.



Male Pokemon-must admit their crushes too and there is no denial allowed since I installed indestructible shock chains and connected it to our contestants. So if someone lies, EVERYONE will be electrocuted. Can't turn off, can't destroy or disconnect


"Ash and Misty have to confess!" Mina exclaimed.

This instantly got Misty to stop and blush while Ash kept squealing and carrying on.

Ash eventually stopped and blinked and ran back to MIsty, throwing his arms out. "Love ya, Mist!"

Misty blushed furiously. "Yeah… Yeah… Um… Me too…."

Ash rolled his head around and bounded around as he held his hands in front of him.

"Most likely, he won't even remember doing this Misty," Jaiden said.

At this, Misty went bright red and chased him with her mallet again.

"Now, all Pokémon have to confess their crushes or we'll all be electrocuted!" Mina exclaimed.

Everyone scrambled to get their stubborn Pokémon to admit their feelings but each one remained stubborn until eventually, everyone lay electrocuted on the floor, fried to a crisp.

"I don't think that worked," Mina said after a while.

Slowly everyone recovered, ready to move on.


From booklover41;



Hi booklover here with some dares



Ash's Charizard-for my amusement I dare you to glare evilly at a random stranger and follow them around. Make sure to be as scary as possible



Pikachu-I dare you not to attack anyone this chapter. Punishment for each attack is two kisses to Buneary ON THE LIPS!



Paul or Drew-make Pikachu eat this potato in mind the other dare will be much worse.



Dawn-give these berries to Pikachu. *Whispers to Mina* these are the berries that make Pokémon temporally pink.



Paul or Drew (whichever didn't make Pikachu eat the Potato)-show Pikachu his reflection.



Ash-Give Pikachu a bath. And pinch his cheeks.



Mina-drink these five expressos. They are RASPBERRY FLAVOURED!



Misty-I dare you to give Mina your hammer for this chapter. Second dare steal and eat Mina's raspberries in front of her. Also I was going to put a bunch of Volcarona (AN bug/fire type) in your room but it seemed like too much work, instead I caught you a Kyogre. Legend of the sea... She likes marshmallows and will follow you anywhere to get them.



May-tell Mina after she goes crazy that the wall is trying to steal Jaiden from her.



Jaiden-point the laser point at either Paul or Drew (whichever didn't make Pikachu eat the Potato) and make sure Mina sees the pretty red light. Also kiss Mina once for every time Pikachu shocked someone.



Everyone-Do you think I'm Evil?


"Well… I'm not sure if Ash is able to release Charizard at all," Mina said, "or if he even has Charizard on him so I guess I'll have to skip that one."

"Yes, we think you're evil!" Jaiden exclaimed in response to the last line, "Why coffee? I only just got her normal!"

Mina bent to Pikachu. "No attacking anyone, or you have to give Buneary two kisses on the lips for every attack."

Pikachu chattered away indignantly, but there were spot on pink around his cheeks.

"Right, Paul or Drew, make pikachu eat a potato," Mina said, "and the other dare will be worse."

Drew hurried to get a potato and shove it in Pikachu's cheeks.

Pikachu instantly went to spit it out, but Drew held his hand over pikachu's mouth.

Pikachu's cheeks sparked, but he quickly remembered his dare and stopped, just swallowing it (or at least pretending to.)

Once Drew took his hand away, Pikachu spat the potato out and ran away, up onto the fan where Drew wouldn't able to reach him.

Mina handed Dawn some berried. "You have to get Pikachu to eat these and then Paul has to show Pikachu his reflection afterwards."

Dawn held her hand out and cooed to Pikachu. "Hey, Pikachu. I have some berries here to make it up to you for Drew."

Pikachu slowly crawled down and nibbled at the berries, his fur turning pink.

Dawn blinked and her eyes widened.

Paul put a mirror in front of Pikachu and stood back at Pikachu's cheeks buzzed.

Pikachu huffed and zapped Dawn (making her squeal about her frizzy hair), storming over and angrily stealing two kisses from Buneary as his 'punishment' of sorts.

"Now, now Pikachu," Mina said, "Ash will give you a bath and get rid of the pink."

Ash grinned and scooped Pikachu up and ran to the bathroom.

A few moments later, Pikachu ran out, soaked and shivering as he ran to Misty for refuge.

Ash hadn't used any hot water so the poor Pokémon had been dumped into a freezing cold bath.

Mina looked at the poor Pikachu in sympathy but brightened at the next dare as five raspberry expressos showed up.

"No!" Jaiden howled as Mina instantly ran over to savour them happily before she instantly switched to a coffee craze and ran into the bathroom into the freezing cold bath and made purring sounds.

Jaiden shook his head and picked up the discarded dares. "Oh no… Misty… It was nice knowing you."

"What?" Misty asked.

"You have to give Mina your mallet and then try to steal Mina's raspberries and eat them in front of her," Jaiden said.

Misty pulled a face and walked into the bathroom to reluctantly give Mina her mallet.

Mina squealed in delight and smashed the water with it as if she were playing whack-a-mole.

Misty hesitantly tiptoed out and looked at Jaiden. "Alright. I am mentally prepared. Where is Mina's stash?"

Jaiden pointed to a locked safe with a key code.

"How do I get into that!?" Misty exclaimed.

Jaiden walked over and punched in a code and watched it open.

"How did you know?" Misty asked.

"I am her best friend," Jaiden said.

Misty reached in and took three raspberries from the automatically cooled safe, flinching when she heard an alarm go off when she accidentally triggered the invisible laser security system.

Almost immediately, a soaking wet Mina went in for attack, her eyes flashing dangerously.

Misty shrieked and shoved the raspberries in her mouth and ran away.

Mina instantly slammed her safe shut and looked at the mallet she held in her hands. Then she threw it to the side in favour of one of her weapons, going to chase after Misty.

"Wait, wait, Mina!" May exclaimed, "The, The wall is trying to steal Jaiden!"

Mina screamed in aggravation and instantly started slicing the wall, forgetting all about Misty.

"I don't think that's any better," Jaiden said.

Mina blinked suddenly as she saw a red light (the laser from Jaiden) and she settled down enough to completely drop the dagger she held. She watched it curiously before slamming her hands on the wall to catch it.

Only Jaiden had moved it and Mina went to pounce on it again.

Mina chased the laser spot like a cat would, pouncing on it.

Jaiden smirked a little and then moved the spot onto Paul's forehead.

Paul blinked and hurried to pass the Eevee egg to Dawn as he watched Mina crouch down.

Before anyone else could react, Mina pounced on Paul and crawled all over him under she was hanging onto his shoulders, where she then bit his head.

Paul wriggled and winced and tried to throw her off while the other laughed at the sight.

Eventually Jaiden moved the spot away and Mina chased it until Jaiden turned it off.

Mina blinked slightly in disappointment and went pounced on Ash as soon as he came out.

"You stole it!" Mina exclaimed, shaking him.

Ash blinked as he was shaken and then passed out when Misty finally hit him with her mallet.

"I've had enough of him being caffeinated," Misty said.

Jaiden walked to Mina and slowly gave her a kiss on the cheek in response to Pikachu's attack and she blushed and ran back to her bath.


From Parfait Eevee;



May-Drew up the best you can while eating a bowl full of strawberries. You have to dance with/to Drew while he sings.



Drew- Sing butterfly on your right shoulder sung by Kagamine Len wearing his best clothes and he has to kiss May while she's eating her last strawberry when he ends.



Misty-Get to eat a giant snow cone of her favourite flavour in a comfortable lounge room with a TV to watch that dare you guys do becauseIdon'tknowwhattodowithher.



Ash-Get's the same as Misty



Dawn-Annoy Paul close to death



Paul-Grin and bear it.



Mina-Put on your favourite song and dance to it while eating raspberries!



Jaiden-Dance with Mina or watch. He has to kiss Mina when the song ends, ON THE LIPS!



Mina-Make everyone but May and Drew dress in whatever you want them to wear.



Thanks!



Eevee, Out!


"Alright, May, these strawberries are you," Jaiden said, handing her a bowl which made Drew start drooling, "and Drew, you must sing for her."

Drew hurried to sing the song, chipmunk versioned and before May could finish the last strawberry, he snatched the strawberry between his teeth and then leaned to get the rest of the strawberry juice from her mouth.

May went bright red when Drew pulled away, happily munching on the strawberry.

"I think we should wake Ash up," Jaiden said, waving smelling salts under Ash's nose.

Ash's eyes blinked open, decaffeinated, and he looked confused. "What happened?"

"You had coffee and ended up crazy like Mina," Jaiden said, "Misty knocked you out with her mallet."

Ash scratched his head sheepishly. "Sorry."

"But now you and Misty get to sit in a room with a snow cone and a couch to watch us do these next dares," Jaiden said.

He pointed to a room with a love-seat couch and a very fancy looking TV and a snow cone machine.

Ash and Misty immediately ran in and shut the door before Jaiden could say he was only joking (even though he wasn't going to).

"Well, Dawn you have to annoy Paul close to death and Paul has to grin and bear it," Jaiden said.

"I don't grin," Paul said flatly.

"Just… Humour us," Jaiden said.

Paul sighed and slowly brought his face up with a huge grin on it.

Dawn screamed and jumped away from him. "Arceus! You look so creepy."

Paul's face twitched slightly, tempted to frown already.

So Dawn commenced her attempts to annoy Paul. Though after a while, it became clear that grinning like an idiot was irritating Paul more than any other human (well… Except maybe Ash) could ever irritate him.

"Alright," Jaiden said before Paul would lash out, "That's enough."

Paul's expression instantly dropped into a scowl and Dawn sighed in slight relief.

"That's more like the purple grump I know," Dawn said.

Paul grumbled slightly and snorted.

"Mina… Has to dance to her favourite song and eat raspberries," Jaiden said, "Well… As long as she doesn't choke."

He handed Mina packet of raspberries and then put a certain song on.

Mina squealed as soon as she heard it and started dancing, very goofily as she tried to munch on her raspberries at the same time. She ended up looking like a child who didn't know how to use their body properly; very clumsy and awkward and goofy.

Jaiden laughed at Mina, relieved that she wasn't doing anything harmful to herself and was just being goofy.

When the song finished, Mina whined slightly and Jaiden got up to walk towards her.

Jaiden completed his dare by tipping Mina's head up and quickly pecking her lips.

Mina paused and giggled. "You taste like coooffffeeeeee!"

Jaiden shook his head slightly. "I didn't have coffee."

"Then I taste like coooooofffffeeeee!" Mina shrieked, running to hide in her barrel.

"Don't run," Jaiden, peeking in as Mina giggled, "You get to make everyone dress up however you like."

Mina brightened and shoved everyone (including Jaiden) into change rooms and pushed certain costumes under the door.

Paul let out a sharp noise of protest at his costume, but Mina just giggled and locked his door from the outside.

After a while, everyone came out, one at a time while Mina cracked up laughing.

Paul was dressed as Tinky Winky. Ash was Dipsy. Dawn was Laa Laa and Misty was Po.

Mina giggled and danced around them, singing the Teletubbies theme song.

Jaiden finally came out, a blonde wig on his head covered partially by a green hat which matched his green tunic. Combined with the rest of his outfit, Mina had dressed him as Link.

"Linky!" Mina exclaimed, giggling to play with the hat, "I love Linky!"

Mina rushed into a change room herself to change and came out dressed in a skin tight Imp Midna costume.

Jaiden's eyes went slightly wide at seeing the figure hugging costume and he embarrassedly glanced away.

"I love Midna," Mina said.

"How long do we stay in these?" Paul asked, extremely uncomfortable.

"Forever," Mina exclaimed, eliciting horrified looks from the 'Teletubbies'.

"It doesn't say how long," Jaiden said slowly.

Almost instantly, the stars dressed at the Teletubbies went to change again.

Jaiden went to change as well, but Mina clung on. "Linky stay!"

Jaiden sighed, but nodded, only to please her as he went back to read the next dares when the others came back.


From Syberian;



Hey I'm back. Still really enjoy reading the story by the way. Anyway.



Ash- How did you feel when you had to leave Misty behind?



Paul- Explain your relationship with Reggie.



Misty- What are you opinions on Crasher Wake?



May- Sing 'One and Only' by Adele. Just do it.



Ash- Call Iris and Cilan and ask how they been.



Mina- Girl you cray, here have a deck of cards and do magic. Why not.



Dawn- Do you know any other languages? If so, speak some of said language.



Bye.


"Ash, explain how you felt when you left Misty behind," Jaiden said.

Ash frowned. "That was hard. I thought it would be fine, but it wasn't. It… Kinda hurt right here." Ash put a hand on his chest. "And I never really understood why it hurt so much. I really missed her. She… Turned out to be someone I really cared for. She means a lot to me."

Misty looked almost like she was going to cry at the sweet words coming from Ash's mouth and Ash waved his hands quickly.

"Ah, don't hit me Misty!" Ash exclaimed.

"Idiot," Misty said, sniffing, "I'm not going to hit you for that."

"Then why are you crying?" Ash asked.

"I'm not crying," Misty protested.

Ash frowned, but didn't say anything else, for fear of being malleted.

"Paul, explain your relationship with Reggie," Jaiden said.

Paul looked confused. "He's my brother."

"I think it means explain how it works," Jaiden said.

"Right," Paul said, "Reggie irritates me. He's affectionate, I'm not. But we're family… So I guess… You know, I love him."

Paul went a little pink.

Dawn cooed slightly. "That's so sweet."

Paul grumbled a little and looked away.

"Misty, what are your opinions on Crasher Wake?" Jaiden asked.

"Hmm, I actually haven't met him," Misty said, "I do want to though. I've heard he's a cool guy and he's got a ton of water Pokémon. I'd like to learn from him."

Jaiden nodded and then started setting up the iPod and a microphone.

"Who's that for?" Dawn asked.

"May," Jaiden replied, "She has to sing 'One and Only' by Adele."

"Who to?" Misty asked slyly.

"Drew of course," Dawn replied, giggling.

"No!" May exclaimed furiously as she went bright red.

Regardless of this and the other giggling coming from the other people in the room, May sung the song.

"Ash, call Iris and Cilan to ask how they are," Jaiden said.

Ash put a thoughtful finger to his chin. "I don't think I've seen them for a while actually. I should call."

Misty rolled her eyes. "You have a habit of forgetting to call."

"I get busy," Ash said, shrugging sheepishly as he feared another mallet strike.

Luckily for him, Misty still didn't know where her mallet was after Mina had thrown it somewhere. Unluckily for him, Misty had decided her fist would do as a good enough substitute and the poor boy ended up holding his head in pain.

Ash grumbled but then hesitantly called up Cilan.

Only Cilan didn't answer; it was Iris.

"Hey, what's up?" Iris asked.

"Iris?" Ash asked in question. He checked his phone to make sure he'd gotten the right number. "Where's Cilan? I called Cilan."

Ash couldn't see it, but over the other side of the phone Iris was rolling her eyes.

"You're such a little kid," Iris said, "I'm allowed to visit. And he's cooking lunch."

Ash stared at his stomach as it growled upon the word 'lunch'.

"That sounds good," Ash said mournfully, "Well, how have you been?"

"Just fine," Iris said, "Oh, here's Cilan. Hold on."

There was a small scuffling as the phone exchanged hands and then Cilan's voice was heard over the phone.

"Ash!" Cilan exclaimed, "Your phone call comes like a glass of water, very refreshing."

"Sorry," Ash said, "I've been busy. How are you?"

"Busy as a bumble bee making honey," Cilan replied.

"You still sound the same," Ash said, "and Iris too."

"Well, I would think we're different," Cilan said, "Just like cheese ripens over the passage of time, so have we matured."

Ash pulled a face. "Stop talking foody. I'm already hungry."

Cilan chuckled at that.

"Anything new happening?" Ash asked.

There was silence as Cilan thought.

"Actually, why is Iris with you now?" Ash asked, interrupting before Cilan could say anything.

"Oh, did you not know Ash?" Cilan replied, sounding surprised, "Iris is my girlfriend."

Ash's mouth dropped open. "Whaaaaaaaaat?!"

"Yes," Cilan said, "Like strawberries and cream, we just belong together."

In the background Ash could hear Iris mumble, "Don't be so cheesy."

"Whaaaaaa?!" Ash repeated, "You and Iris… Are whaaaat?"

"Don't be such a little kid," Iris said into the phone, "We're dating. Better than you've ever done."

Ash puffed his cheeks at that. "Excuse you. I am not a little kid. I'm getting married."

"Whaaaaaat!" Iris and Cilan shrieked.

Ash nodded proudly. "Uh-huh. I'm getting married. So there. I'm not a little kid."

"Since when!" Iris yelled.

"To whom?" Cilan asked, "This is like a surprise ingredient."

"Misty," Ash said, grinning happily.

There was complete silence over the other side as this time both Cilan and Iris were left with their mouths open.

"Well, bye, bye," Ash said at the silence before hanging up.

He turned to see many of the others blinking at him and Misty bright red.

"What?" Ash asked.

Many held their hands up and Misty shrunk back in embarrassment, hands over her mouth.

Once Jaiden recovered, he handed Mina a deck of cards, avoiding looking directly at her as she still wore her skin tight costume.

"Do a magic trick Mina," Jaiden said.

Mina blinked at the cards and then threw them in the air, grinning. "Magic!"

Jaiden sweat-dropped. "They're right. You are crazy. Dawn, you know any other languages?"

Dawn shook her head.


From Guest;



Here are my dares:



May-Read every entry of Drew's journal where he mentions Drew tries to stop her he will be locked in a room full of flat screen showing a replay of Harley and Solidad doing the pocky game over and over for the whole chapter without a only that,he can not see May for FIVE chapters.(Tell Drew the consequences before May does the dare.)



Girls(including Mina)-Change your last names to the ones of the following and then say them out loud: Dawn Ketchum, May Shinji, Mina Hayden and Misty Massé. This is meant to make everyone crazy jealous.



May-Kiss every boy you know that isn't family except for Drew and show this to him. You might want to restrain him.



Mina and Jaiden -Show everyone their shippings and see how they react.


Jaiden sweat-dropped again. "Well, since Drew destroyed his journal, May can't exactly read it."

Drew smirked proudly and everyone else whined.

Jaiden read over the next one and frowned deeply, catching on Mina's name and shooting Drew a dirty look.

"What?" Drew asked, confused.

Jaiden pointed to Mina, who was clapping her hands.. "She's apparently Mina Hayden."

Drew backed off. "No!"

"And that's Dawn Ketchum," Jaiden said, pointing to Dawn.

Dawn blinked in shock. Paul sent Ash a hard glare before sulking. Misty pouted and her hands twitched, looking angrily at Ash. Ash blinked obliviously.

"May Shinji," Jaiden said, pointing to May.

Paul recoiled harshly and side-stepped even more from May as it was Drew's turn to send out a harsh glare.

"And Misty… Massé," Jaiden said, frowning.

Misty looked Jaiden up and down and stepped away from him.

Ash frowned deeply. "You got it all wrong Jaiden. It's Dawn Berlitz. May Maple. Mina Pixie and Misty Waterflower."

"The point of the name change was to imply marriage, Ash," Jaiden said, "Girls take on their husband's last name."

"Oh," Ash said, "Then Misty would Misty Ketchum."

Misty's face instantly went red again.

Jaiden dragged a hand down his face. "Whatever. Those names were just a dare. No one actually changed… Yet…"

He looked at the dares again and beckoned May over to tell her the dare she was to do.

May blushed slightly. "Just in the room?"

Jaiden shrugged. "I guess."

May blushed a little more and then started by leaning to kiss Jaiden's cheek.

Jaiden blinked. Drew flinched.

May moved to Ash and gave his cheek a kiss also.

Misty moved to hit Ash, who shrieked and cowered at Misty.

Drew's fists tightened and he scowled fiercely.

May looked at Paul and quickly kissed his cheek and moved away.

Drew growled and shot forwards to hit Paul, who easily dodged and pushed Drew out of the way.

May looked at Drew and then moved past him.

Drew looked hurt and his mouth dropped before he tugged May's arm. "What about me?"

"Sorry, can't be bothered," May said cheekily, pulling away.

Drew was left feeling very jealous with his mouth open from shock.

Jaiden brought his laptop up and brought up three different links with contestshipping, ikarishipping and pokeshipping in each one.

One by one, Jaiden showed each couple the shippings, causing them all to blush and protest vigorously.

"Fans," Paul muttered.


From Glacia the Icy Mega Absol;



I have some dares for you!


Ash- *Hands you a messenger bag* Here's a bag of Ultra Balls and a Shiny Charm. Go shiny hunting and don't come back until you get a shiny Pokémon. Doesn't matter what Pokémon it is as long as it's a shiny.


Misty- *hands you another messenger bag* Go with Ash and give him these supplies if he needs them. It's mostly Max Revives and Full Restores. And if he fails to catch a shiny or tries to come back without one, hit him with your mallet.



May- Be an Absol and let Drew ride on your back like you're a horse.



Drew- Turn into a Zoroark and act like a cowboy while you ride on her back. But watch out for her sharp horn!



Dawn- Be a Glaceon.



Paul- Be a Leafeon.



Dawn and Paul- Battle against May and Drew in your Pokémon forms.



May and Drew- Battle Dawn and Paul in your Pokémon forms.



Mina and Jaiden- Turn into the Pokémon of your choice (No legendaries though!) and use those forms to battle the winners of the Dawn &amp; Paul vs. May &amp; Drew fight, along with whatever shiny Pokémon Ash brings back.



Jaiden- If Mina is at low HP or gets knocked out, give her a cup of coffee. It'll probably work like a Max Revive/Full Restore mixed with a few stat boosters. Then again, it may work like using Swagger on her instead. I dunno. Try it anyway.



All of you- Good luck!


Jaiden handed Ash and Misty a messenger bag each. "You have to go out and catch a shiny Pokémon Ash. Misty, you're his healer and make sure he comes back with one or you have permission to use your mallet."

Ash shrieked at that and ran out. Misty sighed and hurried to run after him.

Jaiden shook his head slightly. "That'll keep them occupied for a while. May, you're going to be and Absol. Drew, you're going to be a Zoroark. Drew has to act like a cowboy on May's back."

May and Drew were quick to open their mouths, but they transformed into Pokémon before they could even utter a word.

May, now an Absol with blue eyes. pranced lightly as she instantly got used to her new form.

Drew however, despite being a Zoroark before, was having more difficulty balancing on his different paws. Instead of red fur, Drew's was green. He tumbled over a little as the shift of his weight.

May let out a light Pokémon giggle and Drew glared at her. He jumped on her back and made the closest sound he could to a cowboy whoop.

It only took a few seconds for May to retaliate before she jabbed her horn into his leg.

Drew jumped and jumped off immediately and tipped over.

"Dawn, Paul, you are going to be a Glaceon and a Leafeon respectively," Jaiden read out, "and you're going to battle May and Drew in your Pokémon forms as a tag team."

Paul immediately protested, but his complains were cut off as they transformed.

The battle that followed between May and Drew vs Paul and Dawn was almost tied even.

Not because the teams were good, but because they were quite the opposite.

Drew couldn't get a hold on how to use his Pokémon body, so May was taking all the hits for him and hadn't been able to get in her attacks very often.

Dawn and Paul didn't make a very good team together. Paul was trying to use his most powerful moves and win with brute strength, but Dawn was busy making her moves as beautiful as possible and mainly seemed to focus on raising their defence.

Eventually however, Drew and May won. Even though Drew took a while to join the battle, May and Drew's teamwork was much stronger than Dawn and Paul's.

The Leafeon and the Glaceon were knocked unconscious and changed back into Dawn and Paul.

"Now, Mina and I have to battle you two as any Pokémon we'd like," Jaiden said.

"Ninetales," Mina cheered, running around and clapping.

Jaiden thought for a moment and then dropped the cards as he and Mina were transformed into Pokémon.

Mina was a Ninetales which was a slightly lighter yellow and had green eyes instead of red.

Jaiden was a Raichu with blue speckled eyes.

After a few seconds, it became clear who was going to win.

Mina.

Because she was blasting fire in every direction and bounding around like a maniac.

'I forget she was caffeinated for a moment,' Jaiden muttered in Raichu language.

May and Drew just shrieked and ran away from Mina's flames the best she could.

But it was futile, as even Jaiden was running away from Mina's flames.

It was only after Mina had managed to catch May and Drew and knock them out that they finally reverted back to their human forms.

Jaiden sighed in relief. "I think Mina technically cheated, but I don't think we could've done anything else with her like this."

He paused as Mina stepped right up to him, invading his personal space. Mina giggled obliviously and fixed the Link cap on Jaiden's head.

Jaiden was staring at Mina and she laughed again.

"No, no, bad Link," Mina said, putting a finger on poor baffled Jaiden's lips, "Link doesn't get kisses from Midna."

And she giggled and bounded away, leaving Jaiden still just as baffled and even redder. And speechless.

At this point, Drew, Dawn, May and Paul woke up slowly, all feeling groggy (though Paul definitely hid it better than the others).

And ironically, Ash and Misty also burst through the door.

Ash was panting heavily and he had leaves in his hair and a few tell-tale bruises that showed the Misty Mallet had been used.

"Caught one," Ash panted, releasing his shiny with a flourish of his hand.

His dramatic lead up, was ruined however, when a shiny Magikarp flailed unimpressively on the ground.

"Really Ash? Really?" Paul asked in disdain.

Ash huffed. "It was the first shiny to turn up and I'm tired. Besides, I can evolve it to Gyarados."

Paul rolled his eyes as Ash.

Misty collapsed in and groaned. "Not moving."

"Why are you tired?" May asked.

"Chasing Ash is a lot of work," Misty mumbled.

Jaiden coughed awkwardly to finally recover from his confusion. "Well, I think we should move on."

Everyone looked at Jaiden and then at his still pink cheeks before looking at Mina.

"Can't you do something about her so that you can take her seriously?" Dawn asked.

Jaiden shook his head and moved on anyway.


From PikachuGirl2004;



AWESOME! Thanks for using my dares. Now let's play Truth Or Dare!



May: Act like Drew. (Don't tell Drew.)



Invite a May's Fanboy for this:



Drew: May is kidnapped! Save her before the Fanboy.



Everyone: If you have 3 wishes, what would it be?



May: You get to be a strawberry again!



Drew: You get to be a girl again!



Drew: Do a show of your life just like May's.



Mina: Call Renae and ask her for everything Drew said in his journal that she remembered. *Remember to chain up Drew!*



Dawn: Give Ash a makeover!


Jaiden raised an eyebrow slightly and went to tell May her dare.

May giggled. "That one is easy. Haven't I done that before?"

"I think you have," Jaiden said.

May sighed and went to put on a Drew costume. When she came out, it was near impossible to tell Drew and May apart.

Drew just blinked at May as she sauntered around, fiddling with a rose.

May smirked and flicked her hair at Drew when she saw he was watching.

"Jealous May? I always knew you'd be a great fangirl," May said arrogantly.

"Me?!" Drew shrieked in disgust.

"That's ok, you don't have to hide your true feelings for me," May said as she leaned to give him the rose.

Drew's mouth dropped open in shock, wondering how May could act as him so cooly and collectedly.

Jaiden made a call and soon one of May's fanboys came rushing in. He looked around and then looked confused, not seeing May.

"She's dressing up as Drew," Jaiden explained, "Now, May's in trouble. Quick, Drew or fanboy, one of you must save her."

While Drew went to run for May, the fanboy mistook Drew to be May dressed up.

So before Drew could dash to May and 'rescue her', the fanboy picked up Drew and swung him over his shoulder. The fanboy then ran out as Drew let out a (rather feminine) shriek of protest.

"I'm not May!" Drew yelled.

May cracked up laughing and the fanboy soon realised his mistake. Upon this realisation, he dumped Drew down (not gently either) and dashed out in embarrassment.

Drew grumbled in protest and rubbed his head from where he'd hit it during the rough dumping.

"Oh, that was hilarious," May said, "But can I stop being Drew? All this stuff is not comfortable."

"What three wishes would you all have?" Jaiden asked, nodding to May.

"Food!" Ash exclaimed, "Pokémon! And…Um… I don't know what the last one should be. Maybe more food."

"I'd wish to become a famous coordinator like my mum," Dawn said, eyes sparkling, "and good fashion. And beautiful things."

Paul rolled his eyes at Dawn. "I don't need wishes. I can get what I need by my own strength."

"You have to wish something," Dawn huffed.

Paul rolled his eyes. "Then I'd wish for Reggie to shut up. And for Mina to never have coffee. Actually for Mina not to bother me in general. And for Ash to shut up."

"Hey!" Ash exclaimed.

"I think I'd wish for a huge bowl of the best ramen in the world!" May exclaimed, getting fired up, "And lots of delicious melty chocolate. And… To be able to beat Drew in word battles and totally embarrass him for once!"

"Yeah right May," Drew said, "Not even a wish could help you there."

May huffed at him as Drew smirked and flicked his hair.

"Well then Mr. Smarty-pants, what would you wish for?" May asked.

"What I would wish for would be beneficial to society," Drew said arrogantly, "I'd wish for Renae to be less bothersome. For May's appetite to be curbed slightly. And for dense people to be not so dense."

May blinked blankly and Drew face-palmed.

"That is my point entirely," He muttered.

"Hey!" May yelled, "My appetite is not a problem! Maybe I would wish for you to be bald so that you wouldn't do that hair flicky thing!"

"You know you love it," Drew said arrogantly.

"Well, I for one would wish to be able to have the abilities to catch all the water Pokémon," Misty said, "and then wish to have the skills to train them well. And then my last wish should come true, to be a water Pokémon master!"

"What would you wish for Mina?" Jaiden asked, hoping for a reasonable answer.

However, Mina was dancing around and singing. "Raspberries, raspberries, raspberry pie! Raspberry, raspberry, raspberry ice-cream! Raspberry, raspberry, raspberry cake and raspberries, raspberries, raspberries!"

"I think she wants raspberries," Misty said.

"I think that much is obvious," Jaiden said.

"What would you wish for Jaiden?" Dawn asked.

Jaiden frowned a little as he thought. "I don't know to be honest. It feels like if you had your wishes granted, it would have less value than doing it yourself. So I don't really know."

"You could wish for a certain dense blonde to be your girlfriend," Misty suggested teasingly.

Jaiden went red, but quickly shook his head. "No! First, wishing romance is against the wishing rules. And second, I wouldn't want it if it was just a wish. And third… Just no!"

Everyone just laughed at Jaiden (except Paul).

"But really, can't you choose three things?" Dawn asked.

Jaiden thought for a while. "Maybe I'd wish for the ability to always look after what's precious to me. And for the wisdom to be able to guide my actions to the right choices. And…" He paused and sweat-dropped. "And for Mina never to consume this much coffee, caffeine or sugar ever again."

He paused for a moment to read the next dare.

"May, you get to be a strawberry and Drew… You have to dress as a girl," Jaiden said.

"No!" Drew protested quickly.

"Do it or I'll make Mina pounce on you," Jaiden threatened.

This made Drew and May squeak in fear and run to do as they were told.

"I'll help," Dawn said happily, handing the Eevee egg she'd been holding to Paul and skipping in.

"When will this thing hatch?" Paul grumbled.

"Who knows?" Jaiden asked, "The card said it was close to hatching so I would've thought it would've already hatched."

"Maybe Paul's scaring it," Ash suggested.

Paul glared at Ash. "I am not."

Ash cowered behind Misty. "I wouldn't come out of my egg."

Misty smacked Ash on the head. "You don't have an egg. Silly boy."

May came out first, happily skipping about in her strawberry get up. "You know, I'm starting to like this outfit. I should wear it more often. It's quite comfortable."

Drew came out after, being shoved out by Dawn, who looked quite pleased with herself.

It was hard to tell the difference between Drew and May. Drew, however, did not look pleased to be dressed as a strawberry because Dawn had made him look near identical to May; a female.

Mina cackled with laughter from where she was, which did nothing to help Drew's confidence at all.

"Doesn't she look beautiful?" Dawn asked.

Drew just snorted. Then he sneezed after her successfully snorted foundation powder up his noise. He rubbed his nose and then sneezed again.

Mina squealed. "Cooties! Get them away!"

However, everyone ignored Mina as they were too busy deciding whether to laugh, or try not to (if only to salvage some of Drew's pride). This did not last long at all and majority of the room started to laugh (minus Paul, who at this point was quite irritated and ready for the day to end).

Drew stomped his foot down and turn on his heels (yes he was wearing high heels as well) back to the change room.

This caused the room to flood with even louder laughter.

Then something strange happened. It was like all at once the caffeine had left Mina's body and she sat up, blinking blankly. She looked around at everyone, looking sort of in a daze.

"What do you think happened to her?" May asked.

Jaiden shook his head. "I can't say." He walked over and waved a hand in front of Mina's face. "Hey, are you ok?"

Mina looked up at Jaiden. "I don't even remember what happened." Then she tilted her head. "Link?" She blinked rapidly and then grinned and launched up to hug Jaiden. "It's Link! Link!"

"She really likes Link," Misty commented.

"Fan crush," Jaiden groaned out as he tried to push Mina off him and ignore her own costume.

Mina jumped off and then looked around quickly. "Where's Jaiden? He has to see this! It's Link!"

Everyone was silent for a moment.

"Um… Jaiden's right in front of you," Ash said, confused why Mina couldn't recognise him.

Mina stared at Ash like he was crazy. "That's Link."

Drew, coming out of the bathroom as he finally got back to normal, picked up on this statement. "Pretty sure in front of you is someone you love more than Link."

Mina and Jaiden both went red and Mina huffed. "It's Link!"

Jaiden shrugged off the wig and the cap and grinned up at Mina. "Actually, it is me."

Mina pouted. "You tricked me."

"You decided to make me wear this," Jaiden replied easily, "Besides, look at yourself."

Mina did as Jaiden said and shrieked. She went bright red and ran into the bathroom faster than Drew could have ever made that dash to change out of his dress.

When Mina came back out, her cheeks were still pink, but she was no longer dressed up as Midna. She was in her regular clothes.

"Who thought that was a good idea?" Mina asked.

"You did," Paul chipped in flatly.

"Shush," Mina said huffing, "Now give me those. Go change, Jaiden." She took the dare cards from Jaiden and read over it.

Jaiden rolled his eyes and went to change anyway.

Mina frowned. "Is this really the last few dares? That went so quickly."

Most of the people currently in the room sweat-dropped.

"That's because you were caffeinated for most of it," Dawn said.

Mina puffed her cheeks out while Jaiden came back, dressed in his regular clothes.

"Now Drew, you get to do a little puppet show of your life like May did," Mina said.

Drew smirked slightly and hurried to go make his puppets.

"Misty, you can go help him," Mina said.

"Why me?" Misty asked.

"Because I said so," Mina said.

A little later, once Drew had successfully made his props and set up the stage did he begin.

"Now, once upon a time, there was a super handsome coordinator named Drew," Drew started.

Drew held up a puppet of himself. The Drew puppet had an angel halo over his head and a handsome smirk on his face.

May sniggered slightly.

"Anyway, Drew was aiming to become the top coordinator, something he knew to be his destiny," Drew said.

Puppet Drew's eyes sparkled.

"Now, Drew was a handsome man (ahem, as if Drew needed to say that again)," Drew said, "And so all the girl were in love with him."

"Ahem!" Misty's annoyed voice came, sounding annoyed. He head popped up, bright red in anger.

Drew's head also briefly pooped up as he rubbed a new bump on his head from a mallet. "Ok, ok, ouch, calm down. Every girl except the best water trainer ever, Misty."

Misty nodded in satisfaction and they both dropped back down.

"Unfortunately as loved as he was, he let it get to his head and lost the first Grad Festival he ever entered." The Drew puppet was briefly sad. "However, through this loss, he met the best friend he could ever, Solidad."

A Solidad puppet popped up, looking as cool, elegant and graceful as ever.

Just then Dawn squealed in excitement as there was a cracking sound.

Everyone looked over to see the Eevee egg shaking violently with tiny cracks along it.

Paul just held it and watched it while Dawn leaned over it when it started to turn white. In a bright flash, the egg was gone and in its place was a cute little Eevee.

It stared at Paul with it's big brown eyes.

Paul waved a hand at it. "Go on, shoo. Go to Dawn."

However, the Eevee didn't seem to listen. As if to mock the purple-haired trainer, it climbed up onto his lap and went to sleep.

Paul glared slightly, but it was more directed at the people trying to hold in laughs.

"Aw," Dawn cooed, sitting right next to Paul so she could pat the fluffy Pokémon, "I'm naming it Cocoa."

"Cocoa?" Paul asked, eyebrows raised.

To be honest, he didn't really care much if she named the thing for him, but why anyone would pick a food name was beyond him.

"She's got Cocoa eyes," Dawn said.

Paul's eyes narrowed. "How do know it's a girl?"

"It's a girl thing," Dawn said, "We just recognise our own kind."

Paul snorted, but didn't say any more.

"Ahem," Drew said, "Can we get back to my play, before I was rudely interrupted."

Mina giggled. "Go for it, Drew."

Drew cleared his throat and continued. "Anyway, Solidad helped Drew improve. All was well for him until one day, Drew met someone who would reappear in his life many times."

With this, a pink frisbee came flying in from the side, which puppet Drew caught.

Puppet May popped up, stars in her eyes.

"This girl was known as May and she fell for coordinator Drew at first sight, like every other female, EXCEPT Misty," Drew said.

With this comment, a shoe was thrown at the stage. Coincidentally, May was now also missing a shoe.

There was a chuckle from Drew behind the stage. "Drew had to rescue May several times. She got mad at him lots." Puppet May was fuming red (pretty close to the real thing at this time). "But that was just to hide her true feelings."

"Now, Drew had an awful little sister name Renae, dare I mention it," Drew said.

Puppet Renae came up. She was wearing mismatched clothing, as usual, but she held a red pitchfork, had a sinister grin and large devil horns on her head.

"Renae delighted in teasing Drew about the first girl Drew started to care about," Drew said, "But none of it was true and he was not in denial and he did not write in a journal. IT'S A JOURNAL, MEW DANG IT! NOT A DIARY! Ahem… Anyway, Renae isn't important, so let's leave her out."

"So… umm, yeah, Drew still aims to be top coordinator, Solidad still mentors him and May still chases after Drew. The end," Drew said.

Another shoe hit the stage and now May had no shoes on. She was bright red and had her arms crossed. "That was horrible."

"I thought it was pretty good," Drew said, "Much better than yours."

May was about to retort, but suddenly remembered what Drew said about her anger being a cover up. She quickly simmered down and then turned away to ignore him.

Drew frowned slightly. That wasn't the reaction he was going for.

"Ooh, yes!" Mina exclaimed, already dialling Renae's number, "I get to ask Renae for details!"

It wasn't long before Renae picked up. "Hey, Mina, did something come up? I thought I was already seeing you tomorrow."

"Sh," Mina hissed.

Drew's eyes narrowed at Mina, but she only grinned innocently.

"Anyway, Renae, since Drew destroyed his journal, I was wondering what you could remember form it?" Mina said.

"What!" Renae roared, "He destroyed that thing before I could photocopy it! How dare he!?"

Drew smirked in satisfaction, wondering why he hadn't destroyed the evil book sooner.

"I'm sorry Mina," Renae said, "I can't remember the specific details of it, but it was pretty much just May did this, and May looked that. Or why did so and so talk to my May. Oh May, I lo-"

Renae was cut off as Drew picked the phone from Mina and hung up before throwing the phone away quickly.

Mina frowned. "I forgot I was supposed to tie him up. Anyway, last dare. Dawn! Give Ash a makeover!"

Dawn wasted no time in dragging Ash out.

A few moments later, Ash came out. He was almost unrecognisable. He looked like he was ready to go on a date with the princess or something. He was very smartly dressed and neatly dressed. His hair was no longer frizzy. It had been slicked down (with a lot of gel because Ash's hair was THAT stubborn that Dawn couldn't do anything except slick it down).

Misty's mouth dropped open and she suddenly felt conscious of her casual dress.

Ash didn't look impressed at all. He kept reaching to mess with his hair, but Dawn kept slapping his hands away.

Paul looked slightly amused at Ash, giving him a look that was both belittling and somehow said 'I would laugh at you, but I'm too good for that'.

Drew was also giving Ash a similar look. "Where are you going, fancy-pants?"

This earned him a smack on the head from May, who was quick to defend her friend. "Don't be mean. I think he looks really sweet."

This instantly changed Drew's features into a glare he sent at Ash.

Mina however, had no trouble bursting out with laughter.

"Don't mind Mina," Jaiden said, "I think she may be slightly caffeinated still."

"No, I'm not," Mina said, "But Ash is just so funny!"

Ash whined. "Can I change please?"

Mina laughed some more, before she sat up and nodded. "Yep, we're all done for the day."

All of the stars sighed in relief and pretty much collapsed.

All was silent except the sounds of breathing until Ash came out with his hair washed out and his clothes changed.

"Right, get a good rest," Mina said cheekily, "You'll probably need it because tomorrow we have special guests."

"Doesn't that mean we'll be picked on less?" Dawn asked.

Mina gave them all a snide smirk. "That depends, I mean, your siblings could either be really nice or really mean."

Eyes widened around the room and there was a howl of horror from Drew. Even Jaiden looked astonished and slightly horrified as not even he knew what Mina had planned.

Mina giggled. "Yup! It's siblings day tomorrow. I've got Daisy for Misty, Reggie for Paul, Max for May, Renae for Drew, Brock for Dawn since she doesn't have any siblings and I got Gary for Ash since I didn't want to double up and he doesn't have any siblings either!"

"Not Gary!" Ash exclaimed.

"Renae again!" Drew cried in horror.

Misty looked neither horrified or impressed.

Paul had a deep scowl on his face.

The only two who didn't look even remotely upset were May and Dawn.

"I've been meaning to catch up with Brock," Dawn said, "I haven't spoken to him for ages."

May however, had a different question on her mind. "Who do you and Jaiden have?"

"Well, Jaiden's older sister Ember will be coming in and I have my older brother, Pipit!" Mina exclaimed as she started running around in excitement.

Jaiden pulled a slight face. "Mina gets along really well with Pipit. He won't embarrass her like Ember will to me."

Mina stopped and put her hands on her hips. "I'll have you know, Pipit knows plenty of embarrassing things about me."

Jaiden rolled his eyes.

"So now everyone can ask questions about you guys to your own siblings who know the most about you," Mina said happily.

"That includes you," Jaiden said pointedly.

Mina poked you tongue out at him, causing Jaiden to playfully roll his eyes back at her.

"Now, bed time!" Mina exclaimed, clapping her hands, "Sleep well because your siblings are coming tomorrow!"

The stars all ran away, but only two of them (May and Dawn) actually went to their rooms. The rest went to the door, frantically trying to open the door.

However they could not, and Mina's devious giggles floated down the halls as the lights turned off. "Sleep well."



Me: OOOOOOOokaaaaay, I know it has been ages since I uploaded anything here, but hear me out ok?



I have had ENORMOUS issues getting the motivation for this because there were just so many dares. And I lost track of them because I kept forgetting to add them to my dares document so I had no idea which ones I had and hadn't done. SO I decided with this chapter, to write out all the ones I had with me on my document and then wipe the thing clean.



So, I'm sorry if your dares didn't get in, but yeah, sorry for losing track.



Drew: Well, you could've just forgotten and NOT continued to torture us.



Misty: Oh why would she do that? You know she loves to give us false hope.



May: It won't be so bad. The next one is siblings one. Means less for us!



Everyone: *stares at May like she's stupid*



Paul: Idiot, that means we're going to be tortured by our own family.



Me: *giggles* That's right! Only dare sets including things for siblings will be included next chapter. You guys are creative and evil, I'm sure you can think of something.



So yeah, send in dares for Gary, Brock, Daisy, Reggie, Max, Renae (ahaha, you know you love her Drew ;P), Pipit (Mina's older brother) and Ember (Jaiden's older sister).


>