

Because I am evil, Bilbo torture! Shout out to CoffeeRanger whose reviews helped feed the angst beast!


By the second hour of hanging there, Bilbo had lost all feeling in his arms and hands. But what he hadn't lost was the attention of the goblins around him. After the order the orcs seemed contention ignoring him. However the goblin's never stopped looking over at Bilbo.

Bilbo could only wonder how long it took before a goblin was foolish enough to disobey the order Azog had given. As it happened he didn't have to wait long.

A group of goblins who had been eyeing him the entire time seemed to have worked up their courage. They made a show of lighting a torch and slowly approaching Bilbo.

Bilbo tried to push away from the Goblins and their torch. But only succeeded on wiggling around like a worm on a hook. He was unable to get any momentum and every pull caused a sharp pain to race up his arms and his numbed hands.

One of them was bold enough to grab his flaying feet and hold them towards the torch. Bilbo let out a shriek as his thick soles grew hot

Suddenly the torch was gone and Azog's white warg was snapping a goblin in half with her sharp jaws.

Bilbo whimpered as black blood splattered on his face, a sound no one heard over the goblin shrieks and the warg's attack. It took only a few moments for the warg to kill the offending parties and when silence remained, Azog stepped forth from the shadows.

"
My orders were for the dwarrows pet not to be touched,"
growled Azog loud enough to carry into the camp.
"The next ones to disobey my orders will find that being a meal for my dear mount will be a kinder death."


The emphasize this point his warg growled menacingly, making the ranks shrink back from the orc leader and the warg.

Satisfied that he was once again in control, Azog turned his back to goblins and focused all his attention on Bilbo.

Bilbo didn't know what was worse, the goblins as Azog. Bilbo wished at this moment one of his dwarrows were here to help him. Apart of him whispered that even though he was banished, his dwarrows wouldn't leave him to Azog's mercy. But the other part of him whispered that the dwarrows would think this was a suiting punishment for a traitor and a thief.

"
What an odd creature, Oakenshield's pet,"
murmured Azog. Studying the creature closely for the first time. Noticing the elf like ears and large hairy feet. Azong had never seen such a creature before, had never played with such a creature. This would be the only chance he might have. It was his right, the goblins had disobeyed his orders. He had the right to play with their prize.

He cut the rope holding the creature suspended. Bilbo managed to remain on his feet, though it was a near thing and it also didn't last long. Azog grabbed him by his hair and began to drag him through the camp. Bilbo tried to keep on his feet, but he was unable to match the gaint white orcs stride. He lost his footing, and cried out as his hair took the brunt of his weight. It felt as if his curls would be ripped out of his head.

Azog smirked at the sound. When he reached his tent, he pulled back the tent flap with his sword arm and threw Bilbo inside. Bilbo went crashing to the ground, unable to get his still bound hands underneath him in time to catch himself.

Azog sat down on his bed, the only place to sit in the tent and pulled the small creature into his lap. He gasped the creature's chin in his hand and pulled his head back and forth, studying the brand and curly hair before focusing on the pointed ear that reminded the Orc of an elf's. He released the creatures chin and traced the small pointed tip.

Bilbo bit back a whimper that threatened to escape as Azog's sharp claws scrapped along his pointed ear. However Azog's cold eyes his discomfort and smiled cruelly.

Azog scratched viciously at Bilbo's sensitive ears, drawling blood and small cries from Bilbo.

Bilbo had been through too much, to put on his mask of silence as he did in Goblin Town. This time he couldn't stay silent as Azog played with him, chuckling every time Bilbo gave into his pain.

Eventually Azog grew tired of his ears and turned his attention to the other oddity of the creature, the large feet. He didn't get much of a reaction running his claws over the soles. But Azog caught the clenching of the creature's body as he touched the fur that rested on top of its feet.

It was a similar reaction Azog got from dwarves when he touched their beards.

Azog leveled his flesh arm over the creatures knees, holding it still as he brought his blade up. The creature tried to squirm away, putting up as much of a fight as the dwarrows did when Azog cut their beards off. And like a dwarrow, the fight left the creature once he had completed cutting off the hair.

Any hopes Bilbo had of ever going back to the Shire was devastated with the cutting off of his foot hair. He was shamed not only according to the dwarf culture but also the hobbit way as well.

Branded, exiled, and finally shorn, had finally taken all the fight out of the hobbit.

Azog laughed as he stood up and dumped the hobbit out of his lap and onto the ground. He might have to rethink his decision of handing the creature over after the upcoming battle. His cries were sweet and delicious to hear. Or perhaps he would keep Oakenshield alive just long enough to watch his pet be torn apart by Goblins.

Reaching down he grabbed the rope tied around the creatures wrist and hauled it back up to the tree when he reconnected the rope to suspend the thing once again.

Bilbo waited until the white orc was walking away before he let his tears fall down his face. For the first time wishing that he never had come on this adventure.


Thorin had to dodge the rock Bard had thrown at his head after he announced the hobbit was now missing.

"How could you do that! You were supposed to protect him!" raged Bard. "He's barely an adult and you banished him! He was just trying to save you, you stubborn ass!"

Legolas wordlessly pass Bard another rock, which to beam Thorin in the head.

"As much as I am enjoying this display, we have called this meeting to discuss important business, not about the Halfling," drawled Thranduil.

The Elf King was not expecting the rock supplied, by his son to Bard again, to hit him also in the forehead.

"He does matter Thranduil. He's barely older than my eldest, barely an adult and he's out there alone, weaponless while orcs and goblins draw ever closer to the mountain!" Bard practically yelled, sufficiently cowing everybody in the tent.

"However as much as I hate to say this, he is right," sighed Bard. "We do not have the time to argue about this. Azog's army will be here by dawn, and we will not survive if we continue to fight amongst ourselves. We will honor Bilbo's treaty and work this out."

Thorin nodded solemnly, "For Bilbo."

As one the people turned in the tent to face the last member of the alliance. Thranduil stared hard back, but finally he inclined his head slightly. "The other scores will wait until after this ordeal is over with."

The meeting lasted for hours as the three sides came up with a battle plan, and Thorin was felt his years when he exited the tent at the end of it.

Thorin sighed, wishing he had his pipe as he looked up into the night sky. Many of the constellations had fallen below the horizon. Dawn was only a few short hours away. In a few hours many of the elves and men will be dead. Even his Company would probably have a few causalities.

Bilbo…Thorin didn't even know if the little hobbit was alive or not. It was almost as if he just turned himself invisible.

The tent behind him opened and Bard exited. The two acknowledged each other, Bard dug into his pocket and pulled out a pipe and lit it.

Bard handed the pipe to Thorin, "You look like you need a smoke," he said gruffly.

Thorin accepted the borrowed pipe and took a long draw from it before handing it back. "I am sorry about Laketown. It was never my intention of reclaiming Erebor at the price of someone elses home."

It was Bard's turn to take a long pull from the pipe before answering, "We will survive and rebuild. Our ancestors did it once, and we shall do it again."

Thorin said nothing for a few minutes, and for a moment Bard thought their conversation over. Then the King began to speak.

"Regaining Erebor was never about the treasure in the mountain. It was a quest to reclaim our homeland. Something no one can understand until they are driven out of the place they call home. I have watched my people suffer. I wanted to bring them a home, so that parents no longer had to watch their children die from the elements. We lost so many of our children those first few decades," whispered Thorin as he remembered each and every one of them.

"15 children we lost because of the elements, 6 of which had been girls," confessed Thorin. "15 out of 27. Never in our history have we ever lost so many children in such a short span of time. All because we were too poor to pay for aid, and no place to call home to nurse them back to health. I swore then and there I would reclaim Erebor so my people would never have to know such pain again. Many thought I was mad, and that is why I have only 13 dwarrows and one hobbit in my Company. The bravest and truest hearts I could ask for."

Thorin sighed as he remembered the peaceful days at Beorns when the Company was probably at its happiest on the quest. Well after Bilbo had recovered enough to join them.

"I prayed I would be spared the gold sickness that ran through my line. And at first I thought I had succeeded. But the sickness is like many others, it creeps onto you, slowly that at first you do not realize that you are sick. It filled my thoughts until nothing else mattered. Not my nephews, not my Company, not even Bilbo who I swore to protect. I nearly brought ruin to everything I hold dear."

"But you didn't," Bard said.

Thorin chuckled with no humor in it. "All thanks to Bilbo, and yet how did I repay him. Throwing him away, banishing him."

Thorin sighed, everything had already been said on that matter. He would spend the rest of his life apologizing to Bilbo if he survived this upcoming battle, that is as soon as he found the hobbit. "Have your men come to the mountain, a few of the Company has pulled all the armor and weapons they can find."

Bard bowed his head, "A generous off, and one I will accept. If only a life is saved it will be worth it."

"I pray Dain arrives before the Orcs do. Come, dawn is not far from breaking."


Hoped you enjoyed!

>