

Chapter 1: Arrival before the Fall

The name's Fuyu Seishin, I'm a sophomore that just came back from studying abroad in America. Since I came to back to Japan, I surprised myself that I still remember my hometown but it seems to have changed a bit as I had as well. My hair gotten long enough to cover my eyes, my Japanese had a slight American accent to it, and I think I gained a few pounds from eating a bit more than I should. In America I picked up a few things and got some...souvenirs that are currently disassembled sent to my apartment. I'll explain those later because I got to tell you, I never knew what the next day would bring. I was late and got in just before class started. As I was running, I felt that something's not right, the air had a hint of something rotting or something and the birds are either gone or fell silent. I even heard a dog bark franticly in the direction of the scent. I checked quickly myself to see if I'm missing anything. No. not just if I'm missing any school stuff, more like checking if I forgot my self defense weapons - though I'm not sure if it's legal for me to be carrying one of them. My weapons are a .44 magnum I got from an officer that I befriended back overseas, I still couldn't believe that I have this but I have only one full load with me. My other weapon is a 12 inch knife I used when i volunteered for a hunting trip. Yes, I know it is overkill but can't be too careful especially with the unthinkable coming up next.

The day after I arrived, I was just keeping up with some old friends I managed to keep in contact. I managed to remember four of them all of which are really close to me. One is a constantly cheerful, optimistic, and laid back guy and class slacker named Suita Hakoto, he was my friend since elementary school. The second is a caring and tough girl who is now a member of the Judo team named Kiko Sakamoto I was her partner all the time in PE when we paired up in freshmen year before I left to study abroad so we gotten pretty close. The third is a quiet and easily worried, nerdy girl named Haruko Saorai we met when I protected her from a couple of bullies who were stealing her stuff she kind of stuck to me as we become close friends. The fourth is a level-headed, responsible class rep named Suzuki Idakoji, we go way back since childhood when it was me, Suzuki and Suita the three of us were inseparable as we ended up in the same class every time. "Hey Fuu-kun, ya ready to go," Suita said with that huge grin he always had his hair, now dyed green, is still as messy as the way he wears his uniform. When I saw him I looked up at him and smiled, "Yeah, sure, let's go." I know we were cutting classes but we've always did that but the teachers never even bat an eye.

Down the hall, we ran into a bespectacled Suzuki all neat and tidy compared to Sui-kun's green hair, Suzu-kun's - we always called each other with shortened names - hair was not even dyed puts on his little 'class rep' act and said, "Just what are you two doing skipping class like this, Hakoto-san, Seishin-san?" Playing along Suita said, "My grades wont even change anyway class rep and besides I needed some company." Iinchou just shook his head and sighed but we both know it's an act but in class he's very serious. "Come on bro, could you let us go," I pretend pleaded. That's when he dropped the act and the three of us laughed, "Okay,' he said, "but I'm comin' with. But What about the girls?" Suita smiled, "They're coming too we'll meet in the main hall." The three of us chatted alot but as we arrived at the main hall I saw something outside through a window. I saw a couple PE teachers struggling with something at the gate. I just shrugged it off until I heard screams. The three of us looked and saw the man set upon the woman and began eating her two other faculty members fell in a panic. It almost made me sick and freaked out at the same time just to watch so we proceeded to look for Kiko and Haruko. As we walked, both my buddies began talking. Suita's smile is gone as he said with a trembling voice, "D-Did you see that? The dude...just got up and began eating the chick." We both nodded as I added, "It's like what you see in those George Romero flicks."

"A bit too much like it," Suzuki added on as well keeping calm.

"J-just what the fuck was that," Suita wonderd still shaken by the sight.

"Whatever that was, let's go look for the girls, and fast," I said.

We met up with Kiko and Haruko who looked at us a little confused as we ran up to them. "What's wrong you guys," said Kiko her red hair had been cut to shoulder length which she tied into a pony tail, she seems to have just gotten out of PE as she was sweating causing some parts of her uniform to stick to her. I try to avoid taking notice since I could visibly see some her cleavage since she opened up her uniform top a little to try to cool herself down. Haruko her long, dark hair fell well below her shoulders looks at us with a small shy smile. She saw our expressions and a look of worry replaced her small smile as she said, "I-is something wrong? You look pale." Suzuki decided to save the situation without worrying her even more with his nerves of steel, "We're just in a rush so the teachers won't take notice since we snuck out." I was next to calm down as I added on, "Well let's go we gotta hurry." I led the group to an emergency exit I always kept unlocked since I came here. We opened the door and I was thankful the alarm didn't sound As we neared an area of the wall we could easily climb over the announcement came addressing that the current situation has became an emergency. The man on the intercom sounded panicked and shaking. He was interrupted someone or something trying to talk it down as he sounded like he was trying to back away. The five of us heard a slight growl or moan amongst his pleas for mercy which dissolved into a cry of excruciating pain and then later gone silent. Moments later we heard panicked students and teachers attempting to escape.

I look around as i climbed over the wall and I saw shambling figures wandering the streets the first word that came to my mind was, "zombies," and without thinking, I actually said it out loud. I saw my friends looking at me in confusion and shock. Kiko, the girl I knew would take on anything unfazed looked terrified, "Z-Zombies? You gotta be kidding me! A-are you saying that there are zombies causing this!?" Suzuki grabbed her shoulders and shook her, "Calm down Kiko-chan, we're not sure yet but if they are, we should keep quiet. If they are zombies then sound would attract them." We have watched a lot of zombie movies mostly some of the American zombie movies like Dawn of the Dead even the remake, and Resident Evil movies. Suita was looking around us and pointed while keeping his voice down, "We got company." We all looked as we saw at least half a dozen "Zombies" slouching towards us a few meters away. I checked the streets and it was reliably clear only two or four of those things could be seen wandering the streets as far as I've seen. I even saw an open minivan just across the street I don't know where the owner was but I never had time to think as I helped my friends over the wall. "This way," I said as I led my friends to the open car. Back overseas, a good friend of mine taught me how to drive and how to hotwire the car. Thankfully, I didn't need to hotwire as whoever left this had left their keys in the ignition. Everyone got in as I jumped into the driver's seat and shut the door. "I'm not even going to ask if you know how to drive," said Suita, "But let's go now." I sighed as I knew that stealing a car was illegal but I guess we all knew that the whole world was coming to an end or this might be a dream. Without hesitation, I turned the key and drove off as to my apartment but I have a feeling we need to return to the school or just "get the hell outta dodge" as the Americans say.

>