

Fuyu: Time to completely change the story! Been a while so why not I give you guys something you would always want to happen. Enjoy the chapter, readers! :D




Chapter 17: A Monster's End



After our reunions, we headed inside with our families to make plans in case we have to bug out when things go south. Suddenly, a very familiar bus rolls up to the front. Out of it comes a true fiend known to all of us in Seika High, Mr Shido. The sight of him a meter or so away made me sick to my stomach. My mother could only glare at him since she told me about what Shido to my family did years prior. That smug look on his face almost made me want to just shoot that look off his face since I still managed to sneak my Magnum with me a while ago. It didn't help when his little followers came out with him. I guess birds of a feather do flock together. What made it worse was when that Yuuki Miku-san just winked at me which what made me reach for my magnum which is in a special holster under my button-up shirt. The only two that stopped me was Kiko and my mother since they were closer to me. My friends were just behind us and they knew that I don't like this situation.

Before, anyone could say anything, Komura and his group of friends arrived and we could all see the disgusted looks on their faces. I had no idea when did he come back but I suspect it was during when we were finding our families. I tuned out the drivel about Mr. Shido about staying here for shelter among other things. I began to walk to my own friends and began talking it out. For some reason Suzu-kun is not around...weird

"That bastard is here," Suita whispered through gritted teeth, "Of all times, why does he have to be here."

"I know," I say as my mind races with thoughts of revenge. Suddenly, before anyone else could say anything, Rei-san began denouncing Mr. Shido at gun point with the bayonet of her gun stuck into the teacher's leg. After that, Rei pulled away. Shido began to limp away when I, and so many others, suddenly heard a gunshot from behind and above the most of us. I looked at the source and saw a familiar glint likely from a familiar pair of glasses. "Suzuki...?" I say and then turn around to see Mr. Shido fall, a bullet hit home dead center on his back most likely severing his spine. There was silence for a moment but then shock, the loudest screams coming from his followers. It was futile to help the bastard and he's likely already dead the blood loss and even a critical spine shot would have done him in.

Most of everyone dispersed minutes as Suzuki came down, the look in his eyes tell us everything, he shot Shido. "Suzuki-kun..." I hear Haruko say as she walks over to him reaching out at which he only smiled and took her hand.

"I could tell you guys would be asking why," Suzuki said, "But I'm sure it's clear. I killed him, it's what we all would have wanted."

"You..." I hear an angry voice from behind us. A weak male voice. I turn around and see a young boy from out school, bedraggled hair and crazy-eyed, "You killed him!?"

"Kurokami, was it?" Suzuki said , "I seen you a few times. Never suspected you'd be one of his followers."

"Never mind that, you...killed him?" Kurokami said pulling a knife, "Why!?"

"You have no idea what he's done to us," Suzuki retorted as I drew my switchblade in it's closed position. With that, he approached us, and I stepped forward when the crazed kid lunged at me. Child's play, I sidestepped and grabbed Kurokami's arm and swiftly pilled his knife away with my free hand while I extended my switchblade with the other.

"Whoa..." Suita said, "I blinked and I missed it."

I nodded at Suita and then asked Kurokami while I restrained him from behind, "Now, what are you here for? I haven't seen you around and seeing that you're apparently part of that bastard's group I wanna know."

At that, he spilled it. He said that he relayed info on us through a phone for Shido and began going on about Shido's desires for a new world. I wanted to kill this kid but the better part of me belayed that thought, and I pushed him off and gave him a solid right cross to the temple knocking the hapless kid out cold. The punch made me feel a bit better but that doesn't disregard the fact that we have to get to leaving.

In the background I began to notice my mother scolding/congratulating Suzuki about killing Shido. "Um," I began, "I think we should prepare to leave like right now."

"Well... where to?" Suita asked, "What else is there?"

I then get everyone, including my mother to get inside where we can lay out plans. I marked a new location getting close to the outskirts of the city and near a gas station. "We're leaving tonight," I say to everyone assembled, "So pack up."

"Why should we leave," My mom asks me, "We got all the supplies and protection we need here."

"Haven't you learned anything from zombie movies, mom," I ask, "No location is absolutely safe whether it be from zombies, bandits or both."

"...Good point..." Mom said with a grimace, "I'll see about getting everyone else's families if I could find them."

"Okay, you take the bus then," I say, "But I'm not sure about the smell."

"I'll deal with it," My mom said, "Whatever that sick man thought up for his followers, We should deal with it."

"With everything else," I then said, "Let's get packing." With that, we began to pack up. There was no way we could be quiet as we packed up, Komura and co came out to meet us wondering what's going on which was what they asked about.

"Suzuki killed Shido," I say, "We would need to get away before any punishment is dished out. Besides, we are trying to head out of the city anyways."

"You sure," Rei asked, "We're pretty safe here."

"Well, you never know," I say.

"...Alright...All I'll say is good luck," Komuro said holding his hand out, "I hear you found your families so, keep them safe, Fuyu-san."

"You stay safe as well," I say as I shake his hand, "I hope to see you later. You guys are a badass group of people."

"Dont mention it," Kohta said with a grin, "see ya later." With a few other farewells and a somewhat more touching farewell from little Alice.

After that was done, we headed out to be intercepted by what's left of Shido's followers. I groaned as we are just about to leave but then these guys just had the timing to show up. Surprisingly, they are more subdued than before.

"H...hey," I heard a guy called Tsunoda say, "Um...I can see you are leaving. Mind if we join you all...?"

I looked to everyone else and I can understand how everyone is torn but my mother decided to talk. "...Why not," Mom said, "You kids never did us any harm yet so, why not." I looked at my mom as though she is crazy but I can see her reasoning. We cannot be completely heartless but more people may lead to way more problems especially when it comes to supplies. So, we called a quick vote on if we should or shouldn't take them.
Aye
won by a slight number. So we grudgingly let them on and managed to get permission to get our cars from various soldiers with a bribe of supplies. Some family members got on but it turns out Suzuki's sisters and Suita's father had snuck out with some weapons according to some people from the camp how this was done is beyond us but I hope those they will be safe. On that note, we decided to leave and convince the guards to let us out. Since it's night, we were extra careful with this and remained ever vigilant. I sigh as I realize how big our group is, and I have this growing feeling that someone will likely die and soon it's a matter of time especially with this big group...Whatever, we are almost there.


After notes: Oh boy, now that was a chapter. I will likely kill off a few of Shido's group in another day but for now, there's likely to be more troubles coming for this large group.

>