

Chapter 49

If the Water Tribesmen had been following them, they had not made their presence known; the forest was once more quiet, Kyoshi and Mai-Lin waking to birdsong rather than an attack from a vengeful Ataneq. After a quick meal the two saddled up Isra and continued on, the orest eventually giving way to foothills as they neared the mountains.

Now and then Kyoshi would cast a glance back towards Mai-Lin. The Water Tribe girl had said little since their conversation the previous night, instead focusing on the landscape as they neared the Northern Air Temple. Kyoshi made no effort to try and speak with her; Mai-Lin needed time to recuperate and collect her thoughts, and eventually she would be more willing to open up on what she was thinking.

Kyoshi could wait. Her patience was still as strong as ever.

The path through the mountains was narrow, loose rocks tumbling away into the abyss as Isra walked, but the shirshu was nimble enough to avoid the worst of the weaker paths. Still, Kyoshi found her grip on Isra's reins tightening the higher they climed; Airbending would help them should they slip, but the Earthbender inside her still balked at the heights below her.

Soon, the familiar spires and towers of the Northern Air Temple broke through the collected cloud cover. Isra slowd, even though her journey was made easier by the paths the monks had set down long ago, giving a small whine as they stepped back into the temple. "You will get some time to hunt later, girl," Kyoshi said. "For now, I feel that we all need a bit more rest." Isra gave a snort in reply, pressing on the further they went onto the temple.

Ahead, Kyoshi could see a small crowd had gathered in the main courtyard. Sun was at the front, flanked by Sonam and Kalden, all with worried looks about their faces. Kyoshi pulled Isra to a stop a good distance away from them, sliding off her saddle before turning to help Mai-Lin down. Mai-Lin still appeared despondent, limply accepting Kyoshi's help.

"What happened?" Sun asked, crossing quickly to help Kyoshi.

"I feel that it would be best if you spoke with Mai-Lin about this," Kyoshi said, passing the Waterbender off to Sun. "I will be back soon; I need some time to meditate on what happened."

"… You do what you have to, Kyoshi." Sun nodded, wrapping an arm around Mai-Lin's shoulder and leading her off into the temple. Kyoshi turned the other way, taking Isra's reins and leading the shirshu towards the outside of the temple. With every step she took a deep breath of air, just enough to calm her spirit to a point where she could meditate. It took time, and navigating the Air Temple was more than distracting, but gradually Kyoshi could feel her soul coming back under control.

However long that would be was up for her meditation to decide.

She found herself at the air gates, the panels having been removed for storage. "Wait here, Isra." She said, setting Isra's reins down. "I should not be long." Isra grunted and settled down, resting her head on her paws while Kyoshi walked to the center of the platform. She sat down facing the south, closing her eyes and folding her hands in her lap. Silently she waited, breathing in and out as she opened her soul to the world around her.

Mai-Lin was safe… for now. The Waterbenders would be foolish to try and attack the Air Temple itself, though if they were patient they could always ambush Kyoshi and her friends once they departed. Problems continued to well in her mind, Kyoshi furrowing her brow slightly as she tried to clear them away.

She stopped as she felt a presence drifting towards her. Kyoshi opened her eyes and saw Samten approaching, the monk giving Isra a soft scratch behind her ears before moving towards Kyoshi. "I was told I could find you here," he said. "I hope you do not mind the distraction."

"Not at all, Master Samten," Kyoshi said, straightening up a little as Samten took a seat across from her. "I needed some time to think on these last few days… unfortunately, my soul did not appear ready to calm."

"I understand the frustration." Samten said. "Kyoshi, I do not wish to pry, but I would like to know more about what happened the other night. It has raised quite a lot of concern among the elders of the temple."

"I am uncertain if Mai-Lin would be willing to have me speak on her behalf." There was a pause before Kyoshi continued. "How could a father be so... horrible? To neglect his daughter for so long and then force her to bend to his wishes? It's just…" she groaned and buried her face in her hands. "I am supposed to mend strife in the world, and yet whenever I come across it I always end up so conflicted."

"The world is always harsher on those who feel that they can make the greatest difference. It is but one of the many struggles that we must endure." Samten gave a small sigh. "You may feel that you can fix all the problems in this world, Kyoshi, but as harsh as it may sound there are some things not even the Avatar can fix."

"But that is not to say I cannot try." Kyoshi looked up. "Maybe not for Mai-Lin, but for others who will come after us. Then, at least, what I can do may serve to inspire others to greater things."

"Well spoken, Kyoshi." Samten gave a small smile. "You are far wiser than most of your age. You are well on your way to becoming a great Avatar." Kyoshi said nothing at first, her lips tightening slightly before she spoke.

"Thank you Master Samten." She said.

"Though if you are so set on solving problems," Samten rose. "There are other matters that have troubled my fellows in these last few days, most prominent among them the growing influence of that warlord Chin." Kyoshi frowned. Dealing with Mai-Lin's father had been taxing enough, but the would-be conqueror only added more fuel to her frustrations.

"You do not think that he would attack the Temple, do you?" Kyoshi started.

"No, of course not," Samten shook his head. "Not even Akhlut could draw close to attacking the Air Temples, even with his anger and determination. But just because we live in remote areas does not mean we are blind to the plights of the world, especially not when the Avatar is training with us." There was a pause before Kyoshi spoke again.

"I will face Chin before he can drive the world further off balance."

"No doubt you will, but you still have quite a lot of training ahead of you. What you do not exactly have is time; this warlord has moved rapidly in his conquests, if he can threaten the western coast before sending men into the north. In light of this, the Elders of the Temple have asked me to accelerate your training in preparation for this coming crisis."

"Are you sure that's wise?" Kyoshi asked, rising to her feet. "I may be the Avatar, but I am still rather rough with the Airbending skills I already have; would giving me more to worry about really help me face Chin?"

"Under normal circumstances I would agree, but unfortunately we do not have that luxury; the world is already falling further out of balance as Chin grows in power, and delaying any further may only make matters worse." Kyoshi furrowed her brow as Samten continued. "I do know at least some of your limits, Kyoshi, so rest assured I will make it so you do not overtax yourself in these excercises."

"I would appreciate that, Master Samten." There was a pause befre Samten drew back slightly.

"There is one thing I can show you now." He said. "Attack me. Use whatever Bending you would like." Kyoshi hesitated again, her hands tightening as he mind tried to work out what Samten would do once she did launch a strike. Finally, she took a breath and stepped forward, a gout of flame racing from her hands.

To her surprise, Samten did not duck out of the way. Instead, he bent low before sweeping his arms upward, a surprisingly slow action for the normally fast-paced art of Airbending. As he completed the action, though, a curtain of air raced upward, carrying Kyoshi's flames along with them. She watched as the flames arched higher and higher, deflected by the still rushing current… until they were just about to fall on her head.

Kyoshi stepped back, twisting her arms over her head to deflect the flames off to one side. As she did so, a gust of wind slammed into her gut, causing her to stumble back and trip over her boots. She landed on her back with a grunt, Samten returning to his normal posture and walking over to her.

"Are you alright?" he asked.

"I have suffered worse." Kyoshi said, sitting up and looking at Samten. "That did not look like normal Airbending."

"Your Earthbending master was not the only one who looked to Waterbending for inspiration." Samten said. "Yangchen helped me develop it; by moving as such, an Airbender can call upon a larger amount of air to his or her use, which mixes well with the relatively slow pace of Waterbending. With so much air to use, one can return their opponent's strike in full and force them to react to defend themselves."

"Throwing their momentum off and allowing the Airbender to act unopposed." Kyoshi finished. "It is a rather… aggressive use for Airbending."

"Admittedly yes, which is why I so rarely use it." Samten held out a hand to help Kyoshi back to her feet. "You, though, might find it to be far more useful, no matter what trials you face over the course of your life."

"I will be sure to put it to good use, Master Samten," Kyoshi replied. "Though… I am not sure if more aggression is what I need. I am trying to be a little more patient with those I must deal with."

"I do not think that you have much to fear, but I am sure many would appreciate your desire." There was a pause. "Now then, I suppose you would like some privacy to meditate? Perhaps now your mind may be a little clearer."

"I suppose… though, if it is no trouble, perhaps you would care to join me?" there was another pause before Samten smiled.

"It is always a pleasure to be at the service of the Avatar."

…

"This is a fool's errand," one man grumbled. "No one told us we would have to fight the Avatar."

"Quiet you," Ataneq snapped, turning back towards the forest ahead. "Since you failed to ensure that Mai-Lin did not escape, you are not one to comment on the change in events. Now, while it is possible that they have sent Mai-Lin south, I feel that she must still be holed up in the Air Temple-"

"What would you have us do? Lay siege to an Air Temple
and
the Avatar like that Southern barbarian?" Another man asked. "Will all due respect, Master Ataneq, but perhaps your quest for justice is becoming more of a quest for vengeance."

"Did you not hear what I just said? None of you have the right to judge me," Ataneq turned back to the men. "I have risked far too much on this venture, and I will not see it undone because some cowards decided they would rather stay safe. We are going to bring my daughter to justice, even if we have to kill the Avatar to get to her."

"You can kill the Avatar if you want." The first man, turning away from Ataneq. "I am going back to the ships and forgetting this ever happened."

"What?!" Ataneq cried. "I paid a small fortune to get us here. You are men of Petuwaq and you would see that his son gets no justice at all?!"

"We value our lives over some noble's honor," a second man said as he moved to join the first. "If he takes issue with that, there are other places where we may find work. Have fun getting yourself killed trying to fight the Avatar."

"No, you are staying here!" Ataneq's anger grew as he saw more and more of the men turning to leave. "You are Petuwaq's men. He told you to obey me!"

"If you continue like this, you'll be a dead man anyway." The first man said. "Even Petuwaq would accept that. Are you going to tell him we're wrong?" Ataneq's anger burned within him. He, a master Waterbender with years of experience, and to have these…
plebeians
ignore him and abandon his cause. It would be easy to lash out against them; they were not Benders, they would have no chance to fight back.

But fighting would take energy, energy he would need if he was to drag Mai-Lin back to the North.

"Fine, leave," he spat. "I don't need your help. I can capture Mai-Lin and deal with the Avatar without you; who knows, I may be able to do so much easier than if I had to deal with you. Once I do capture her, I'll make sure you suffer when I return to the Water Tribe."

"If you return. Good luck in your vendetta against peace and balance in the world." Ataneq merely snorted, turning his back on the others as they began to bleed off. Soon he was standing alone, surrounded by nothing but camp refuse and the hostile wilderness of the Earth Kingdom.

This would be fine. He would capture Mai-Lin, even if he had to chase her across the Earth Kingdom to do so.



I actually managed to get this done. Classes, life, and work on other projects have done a number on me, and I apologize that it took me so long to get another chapter out. For those of you that have stuck with me for this long, thank you for your patience; I will try my best not to betray it again.



Reviews and favorites are very welcome, and if I screwed something up please let me know.


>