

Gobber, Stoick, and the Teens were in the Great Hall trying to find out where Hiccup was.

It was noon already and the boy was usually awake and snacking after coming back from a morning flight at this time but nobody had seen him Science the day before.

"Maybe we could ask Toothless." Said Astrid thoughtfully.

The hers considered her idea.

Toothless and the boy had a deep connection so it made sense that the Dragon would know where Hiccup was. They agreed to Astrid's reasoning, and the group walked to the Haddock Household, still wondering where Hiccup may be and hoping that the Night Fury Hiccup rode would still be in Hiccups room.

It was cold and snowy last night and if Hiccup had gone out ,there was a chance he hadn't made it back or was still out there trying to get home.

Stoick opened the wooden door that led to his sons' room to find Toothless curled up on his rock, wings around his body as he slept soundly.

Astrid rushed up to Toothless and asked the dragon if he knew where Hiccup was. Toothless, although rather miffed about his early awakening, grumbled and nodded his head to show he did indeed know exactly where his rider was.

Astrid looked at him blankly and then prompted him on, obviously not understanding Toothless's nods to his wings.

The dragon grumbled and glared at Astrid, Stoick, Gobber, and the Teens, whom were all still waiting to know where Hiccup was.

Toothless snorted once and opened his wings to reveal a sleeping Hiccup, clutched in his paws.

The humans looked on, rather confused as to why Hiccup was sleeping there of all places and Stoick was worried. After all, the one time he had seen his son in that position was when he was unconcious, and close to dying.

Toothless crooned at Hiccup and when he was unresponsive the massive dragon licked his head and Hiccup woke up, glaring at the black beast who looked rather amused by the situation and the slobbery state of his rider.

All this happened and Hiccup was still safe and secure in Toothless' sideways embrace. Hiccup looked around his room and only then noticed the others.

"What?" He asked, rather indignant to the stares he was receiving. "Why are you sleeping there of all places?" Was Snotlout's tactful response to his cousins question. "Because it was cold last night." "And?" "Toothless noticed was I was cold and told me to sleep here. I've done it before when I leave the house in the forest or somewhere else and it gets dark."

"What!"

"Dad, it's no big deal."

"Yes it is!"

"How?"

"You were out there too long for Toothless to even need you to be sleeping there!"

"Oh come on seriously Dad!"

"Hiccup, you're weird." Budded in Tuffnut as he pointed out that Hiccup was still in Toothless' dragon hug.

A few seconds later Hiccup was up but instead was sitting against Toothless, and the dragon was curled around him. "Not weird. Tactful. Besides it's not my fault the reptile is overprotective and motherly."

...

"Hey! Toothless! I don't want to be covered in Dragin spit please!" Another lick. "Eugh!" The Vikings laughed at the bond between the two. They really were best friends.

No doubt about it.



AN: Hiya guys! Im probably going to make another chapter soon and I already have an idea in mind. But, my schedule has been rather hectic and I'll be all over the place. I'm amazed I got time right now for this and if you have read my other stories, I'm sorry. I have no excuse. I have written some chapters but I haven't the time to put them up today. Anyways, please review! If you have an. Ideas I'll true to make time and write em up but no promises. KTHXBYE


>