
At first, it had been strange, but everyone had gotten used to it. The flicks and the stares, the random laughs or grumbles. After awhile, it became the norm. Well, for them at least. Nobody else did it. Not because they I didn't want to, no. Simply because they could not. The other villagers, no matter how they tried, could not communicate with their dragons like the chiefs son could communicate with his Night Fury. Of course, at first they had assumed it was because of the particular species of dragon that the boy could understand his scaly friend. Until they learned he could do the same thing, to a certain extent, with their own dragons. He knew more about the dragons and their feelings than anyone. Of course, that didn't mean the villagers and the chief couldn't read their dragons very well, no. It just meant they did not understand their dragons when they cracked a height joke on Hiccup. Or at least, that's what Hiccup claimed they were rumbling about. Supposedly, his Night Fury thought that Hiccups peculiar way of eating fish was his problem. Hiccup insisted, that Tothless insisted, that Hiccup needed more raw fish, so at least once a week you would see Hiccup suffering through a raw fish, Toothless at his side, eating his own. Of course, Hiccup was getting used to the slimy, wet taste, and slowly it wasn't getting that bad. But, he kept up the act to piss off his Dragon. And after awhile, the villagers started to believe the joy and his friends of Hiccups amazing ability. Or really, bond. After all, with the secret looks and twin devious smirks with a intelligent glint in their irises, they were like brothers from a different species. They had once agreed with young Astrid to put Toothless in one room and Hiccup in the other. Then they would quietly tell Toothless something Hiccup didn't know. In that case it was, 'How much timber could a Timberjack have if a Timberjack could yell timber? Cabbage.' Of course, it wasn't Astrid who made it up. Bucket did that. So they told that phrase to Toothless and sent him to a Hiccup who was supposed to find out what the others had told Toothless without asking any other Viking. Hiccup and Toothless came out of the room with Hiccup reciting what they had told Toothless, and asking "Bucket?" Of course, Hiccup was never doubted when it came to dragons, especially the Night Fury species.
>