

Melissa and Finn frantically scrambled through town in search of LSP. Rounding the corner into the shopping district an elderly cupcake flagged them down.

"Oh hello Melissa. May I please have my pay now?"

"Pay? What pay?"

"For the candy you got from my stand. You said you were short on cash and would come back later."

"I never…Wait, was I wearing purple?"

"Why yes. Why, did you change?"

"That wasn't me. That was L-"

She stopped there for a moment. Melissa knew that the candy people weren't the smartest people in Ooo, and if they were already mistaking LSP for her then she had to come up with an easily acceptable argument. At least, for most of them.

"-That was my sister. My younger sister."

"Oh she looks just like you dearie!"

"Uh, sure. So how much does she owe you?"

Melissa quickly paid the lady and headed off with Finn. It wasn't long before they were called over by another person.

"MELISSA! I expected better of ya, ya wee vomit vulture!"

An ice cream sandwich wielding a purse approached them, swinging at her.

"Ow! H-hey Ms. Crumble, what are you talking about?!"

"Ya know what ya did child! Crushed my petunias you did, skipping about willy-nilly like ye own tha place!"

"Let me guess, I was wearing a purple dress-"

"And a lil gold star tiara, yes ya did!"

"That wasn't me!"

"Then who was it eh? Ya long lost twin?"

"What color were my eyes?"

"Blue they were…wait a moment…that's right, ye didn't have yer green eye…who was that?"

"Lumpy Space Princess! Where did she go?"

"Tha clothing quarter."

They shot off, looking in stores as they went until they began to pass a rather shady looking shop just inside of an ally. It was run down, the paint peeling and the windows tinted.

"Hello Melissa, your order is ready."

"Order?"

There was a peach with a thin mustache looking out the door at her. They ducked inside and walked to the counter and the man retrieved a bag from behind it.

"Special order, I hope it's to your liking."

He winked at her creepily as she peaked in the bag. Her face immediately turned several shades darker into a deep red as she slammed the bag shut, pushing it back to him.

"THIS ISN'T MINE AND I DON'T WANT IT!"

She cried shrilly, grabbing Finn's arm and dragging him out of the shop quickly. She didn't stop walking until they were back in the town square.

"What was in the bag?"

"NOTHING! Nothing, it was nothing."

She was stuttering, her face still bright red.

"Look, we have to find LSP! She's been using my name all over town!"

"Yeah, this is getting stupid."

"Hey, Mel?"

They both looked up to see Marceline, wrapped in a shawl and large straw hat.

"Marceline!"

"Um, there's this weird girl that kinda looks like you running all over town…"

She quickly explained the situation. Marceline just sighed.

"Ok, ok. This is what we'll do: you go to Lumpy Space and talk to her parents and I'll find Lumpy Space Princess and bring her to the castle."

They nodded their agreement separated.

>