


Well…hi thereee…how long has it been? Whoops xD I am so very sorry guys! Lets get onto the story..thing ..whatever you call this



Disclaimer: I do not own Hetalia! I wish.


Everyone woke from their million month sleep, rubbing their eyes. Italy sat up and heard the IPad ding. The Italian jumped up and gasped "Oh gosh! We missed so many truth or dares! Grandpa Rome Grandpa Rome! Lets start!" he shoved the electronic into his grandfathers hands.

The young grandfather chuckled "Okay Feliciano calm yourself." He yawned " So next up is from Chishi Neko! They talk a bunch but here is the start of the first part "

"
Denmark, you must be the best King of Scandinavia, EVER! I mean, like, more better than you are now. It's possible if you call the rest of the Awesome Trio for, erm, advice.ī




Japan, Do an American dance song, like the Cotton-eye Joe.




Russia, We all know that it isn't flab under your overcoat, it's VERY toned muscel, so how do you do it?




Prussia, Sing the most AWESOME song ever, that is not I'm Awesome. Since you are Awesomness in a body you are the only one who can carry out this task and do it in the only way it can be- WITH AWESOMNESS!

"


Denmark scoffed "Im already more awesome then Prussia what else do I need to do?"

Prussia held up hand "whoa whoa whoa who told you that? That is the biggest lie and im sorry they lied to you. Awesome is my middle name. Right Gildbird?" the snowy haired country reached up and touched the bird.

America read Japan's question "Dudeeeeeee the cotton eye joe is sweeeeet. Here let me teach you!" he stood, making Japan stand also. America started the dance at a quick pace "See that's all."

Japana blinked "America-san…would you mind going slower for me?" it went on like this for ten minutes until Japan finally got the dance down. They played the song and the two danced together.

"My leg hurts." The Japanese country slowly sat back down.

Russia tilted his head to the side at his question and then held his pipe up "I use this." And that was all he said.

Germany stared at Russia and blinked "How….-"

"Don't question it." England cut in, shaking his head.

Prussia tapped his lip "The most awesomest song huh…. Well…" He broke out into song "EVERYTHING IS AWESOME EVERYTHING IS COOL WHEN YOU'RE PART OF A TEAM EVERYTHING IS AWESOMEEE WHEN YOU'RE LIVING A DREAM" He danced around while he sang the whole song.

"Well then….so here are the truths from the same account"

"
Sweden, what is your thoughts of Ikea becoming big in America




Finland, How do you do Christmas now that you are with Sweden and have adopted Sealand how do you make Christmas happened?




Prussia, What did you mean when you picked Canada up and said "I'll love him?"




France, Do you know that I know your biggest fan ever? You are loved, so don't worry!"


Sweden was seated next to Finland he was in the middle of eating. He swallowed and sighed "Uh…America sucks?"

Finland smiled "Aw Christmas is fun, I make sure we are all home and we give presents. And I make sure Sweden smiles."

Prussia laid back and shrugged "It means whatever you wanted it to mean." He gave a thumbs up. A few people whispered, not knowing who they were talking about.

"Hon Hon Hon of course im loved look at me!" France blew a kiss at the IPad.

"Okay okay next Is from Firestripe49"

"
I dare America to pet a rabid dog! :3 And Canada to try and befriend the person he is most scared of! (Am I evil...? Yes, yes I am)"


A dog came out of no where, chained to the wall. It was growling and showing its teeth. America looked horrified "What if I lose my hand! I might die from blood loss!"

"You cant die you bloody idiot." England rolled his eyes.

America slowly went over and reached out. He pet the dog so fast and ran away. The dog jumped up and growled again, wanting to bite him. "Wahhhhh!" America cried.

Canada looked at his dare and frowned . He didn't want to talk to anyone so he made himself invisible.

"Hey were did that…Canadia guy go?" Everyone shrugged.

"Huh..strange….well next question! This is from BlacktwinWhitetwin"

"
Dare for Prussia and Canada, whoever stops making out first has to do what the other wants!




Truth for England and Spain, would you go back to being pirates again if you had the chance?"


"Well the Canadi-" Suddenly Canada reappeared "Oh hey there he is well then I guess they can do the dare."

Prussia winked and Canada blushed before the two started heatedly making out.

"Ew" America gagged from his spot next to England. England shook his head to the question "I mean sure it was fun and it felt great at the time but I like where I am now."

Spain nodded "If I was still in my pirate ways I would never have fallen for this beautiful tomato." He hugged Romano. Romano huffed but didn't say anything.

"Okay!" Grandpa Romano looked at the Ipad "This will be the last for today. Even though we have a bunch still. Okay so from Mastermind Enoshima Alicia."

"
Hi! This is only for France since he is not my favorite character and everyone else is. I dare for France to eat American food for 6 weeks and he can say 'America's the hero!' while he eats. Hasta la Pasta!"


France looked heart broken "Im…im not your favorite?" The blond looked like he was going to cry "And I have to eat American food" he started sobbing.

"There there.."England patted his back.

"Im going to get fat!" France cried "That's it! Im not eating for 6 weeks! Fuck that."

Italy gasped "That's a bad word!" he pulled out his swear jar and made him put money in it."

"Well…"England rubbed his next "Review? We will have a billion of these to do,"


I tried XDi still have 7 to do! And all of them have multiple things so be patient with me. I will try to update more.



Keyword…try



Baii! Love and pasta!


>