



Disclaimer:




Did you know that language barriers is not something you could easily overcome? Even SW Galaxy has translators... so...



Ahsoka Tano is a Togruta, a naturally carnivorous species who eat their preys alive. She obviously won't do any good when she was stranded in Ponyville! And with the additions of two equally clueless human who love to eat meat... what will happen?



"I hate to point this out Anakin, but this is all your fault." said Obi-Wan scolding his former Padawan, who at the moment still trying to fix their hyperdrive engine, leaving Obi-Wan to struggle to pilot the rapidly descending starfighter.

"That wasn't my fault Obi-Wan! If only you do as I asked to re-adjusting the hyperdrive after we're hit by those missiles last week... That was simple repairs that even Ahsoka could..." retorted Anakin, but Obi-Wan quickly snaps.

"And yet you didn't ask her to repair it! or repairing it yourself! Now, that's your fault!" said Obi-Wan sternly.

"Master Obi-Wan, you are the one with free schedules at the base! You should know that we're both are in the frontline..." said Ahsoka, trying to help his master against the older man.

"Stop it Ahsoka, just stop it... bickering like this won't solve our current problem... and..." said Obi-Wan when his face suddenly turned pale!

"Anakin! Did you just shut down the engines!?" said Obi-Wan in panic.

"It wasn't even deliberate, I just tried to cut some cables and..." said Anakin while their ship suddenly plummets into the nearest planet...

"If we are dead, I'll make sure that you will meditate over an eternity Anakin! Now what we should do now!?" said Obi-Wan, while trying his best to manouver the fallen starfighter, so they won't be burned up in the planet's athmosphere.

"I want to throw up... my breakfast..." lamented Ahsoka Tano while the starfighter fall into the ground.


The Jedi starfighter crash landed into some kind of open plains, near a river, and the three passengers survived only because they are able to withstand the fall, by softening it through the Force. But still...

"Urrrkkk... urkkk..." Ahsoka Tano throw up almost all the content of her stomach. She didn't usually do this after a crash landing, but since the pilot is Obi-Wan, and not Anakin, it was... somewhat predictable. Even Obi-Wan himself also joins her in throwing up... Only Anakin seems to be immune with their recent rough landing.

"Somehow... urrkkkk... I wonder if you actually wasn't a human at all, Anakin..." cursed Obi-Wan, while Anakin tries his best to pat Ahsoka's back to help her relieve the dizziness.

"I'm used to do Podracing, remember? And this kind of manouver didn't meant anything to me!" said Anakin, earning him death glares from both Obi-Wan and Ahsoka.

"That must be... urrrkkk... really... vomit... urrrkkkk... inducing..." said Ahsoka, while still writhe in agony.


After almost completely emptying their stomach contents, Obi-Wan and Ahsoka feels really hungry, and they naturally looked inside their emergency ration packs, when they found that...

"Empty?! Anakin, tell me that this was one of your latest prank..." said Obi-Wan, while messaging his temple.

"I... I'm sorry Obi-Wan, but I.. I forgot to..." Anakin tries to apologize.

"You forgot TO RESTOCK OUR EMERGENCY RATIONS?! FORCE! Now we'll be hungry as well while waiting for this Force-damned signal to reach the next Republican-held bases! We didn't even know where..."

"Umm, Obi-Wan, we're at the unknown region, remember? And to be fair... the atmosphere of this planet is perfectly breathable, according to the computers... Not to mention there was forests and... did I just see a garden and small home covered in... plants... outside?" said Anakin, while peering outside their starfighter cockpit.

"Breathable athmosphere right?" said Obi-Wan while opening their cockpit door, and revealing that this planet is at least, in his opinion, as good as it seems...

"Ahh... fresh air! I like it!" said Ahsoka, while jumping outside the cockpit and stretch her hands... enjoying the fresh air...

"Perhaps we should go to that house... or should I said that as a cottage... I know this planet was uncharted, according to our Jedi map... but there's no signs of the separatists here, and we should try to get into the Natives' good grace." said Obi-Wan diplomatically.

"I'm hungry..." said Ahsoka.

"Me too... but thanks to this idiot, we're currently stuck without food..." said Obi-Wan while whacking Anakin's head.

"Ow! B... but... if you hungry, why not just pick those squirrels and rabbits? like what you usually done with those things you eat for breakfast in the Temple?" said Anakin while pointing his finger toward the small group of squirrels and rabbits playing near the cottage.

"Anakin! how many times I've told you to respect other's belongings? Perhaps we should ask for permissions first for whoever own the house to..." said Obi-Wan, but it was too late, as Ahsoka already picked up a small white rabbit, and despite the poor creature's squirms, she held fast onto her prey and pierced her canine teeth into the rabbit's neck, causing it to let a little cry while undergo it's death spasm, while Ahsoka happily munch at it's meat.

"Duh... for the Force's sake... where is your manners!" shout Obi-Wan to Ahsoka, but Anakin quickly replies.

"Obi-Wan, those are just wild animals, for Force's sake! And you knew about Ahsoka's right? She eat gerbils for breakfast! You should be much more sensitive with your own human supremacist views!" said Anakin sarcastically.

"Oh please Anakin, I already knew about that, I also knew that Master Fisto, Master Yoda, Bant, and several other non-humans actually prefer to eat their food alive... but..." retort Obi-Wan while Ahsoka replies, with blood of the rabbit still dripping between her teeth.

"Come on Obi-Wan... this animal doesn't even have any name tags, so it can't be anyone's pet... and then, there's a lot of them here... even if someone owned this animal, we could politely say sorry about it and offer works for payments, or credits... because I am hungry..." said Ahsoka.

*GRUMBLE* and Obi-Wan realize that his own stomach are grumbling as well...

"Well? Want to stay at the ship, waiting for our distress signal to be found without eating anything?" tease Anakin.

"Duh... since this is emergency I..." said Obi-Wan, while he seen Ahsoka was now already throwing out the bones of the Rabbit, stripped clean from all it's meat and innards, except for it's guts, who was thrown as well. Ahsoka then tries to catch a squirrel, who tries to run, but Ahsoka is faster, and the poor squirrel also meet it's own demise at her fangs.

"What is your suggestions for us to eat? I knew that Ahsoka could sustain herself with rabbits and squirrels, but you know that I didn't really able to eat something that was too small, and having a lot of furs..."

"There it is! Our food!" said Anakin while pointing at a small group of little horse-like creatures playing near them without even look towards them... One is just like normal Nubian horse, just with yellow fur and red mane, one has a horn, white fur and purple-pink mane, and one has wings, orange-brown fur and purple mane. Anakin just remembered that fondly, since Padme said that while in ancient times those animals are reared as transport, today, they are mostly reared for their prized meats...

"Well Anakin... perhaps you're right... hunting some wild animals is fine, especially in this kind of emergency..." said Obi-Wan.

But suddenly, the white furred horse was looking toward them, and start to run away after they take a look at Ahsoka. Never want to be outsmarted by wild animals, the hungry Obi-Wan gather the force and leapt with grace and catch the yellow furred one in his hand. The creature tries it's best to struggle against him, but what can it do compared to a Jedi's firm grip at her throat and hind legs?

"This creature is too small to be a proper horse Anakin... I think..." said Obi-Wan, unsure on what he should do since the dog sized creature squirms at his hand and trying it's best to cry a loud neigh...

"It sounds like a horse, it must be just this planet's variant of a horse." said Anakin, while he helps Obi-Wan securing the little horse, and despite all it's cries and neighs, the two Jedi held it's body firmly, negating all it's chance to escape.

"But why it has a rather large pink ribbon at it's mane then? Anakin, we might actually stole someone else's pet!" scold Obi-Wan.

"But master... aren't you hungry? and this ribbon could be an accidental one, since it has teeth marks, as if it was tied up using their own mouth..." said Anakin, while at the background, Ahsoka just picked another squirrel, and eat it as well.

"Point taken, so... What did you suggest we use to slaughter it? You know, our lightsaber cauterize wounds and it won't properly drain the blood of it..." said Obi-Wan, trying to shrug the uneasy feelings lingering on his head, but Anakin quickly opened the tool box using the force, and catch a vibroblade in his hand.

"Well, since we didn't have long, sharp canines like Ahsoka has..." said Anakin while he slit the creature's neck after positioning it upside down, with Obi-Wan's help, causing it to gurgle and let a little spasm, but it quickly ends...

"Well Anakin... if not because this is an emergency... I better prepare for a campfire, while you skin our food today..." said Obi-Wan while gathering what he need to make a campfire. (Afterall, he like his meat well done.)

...

>