



Disclaimer: All Characters belong to their original owners.






One Shot







Author's Note: I am Handicapped so please bare that in mind if my spelling is off. I use spell checker






Introduction


After hundreds of years Damen Auguste finally proposes to Ever Bloom. 4 years after Everlasting…



Damen Proposes


It has been 4 years since the end of Everlasting and Damen was a happy man he had the woman he had loved through hundreds of years with him as his girlfriend. In this life Ever was now 21. He was planning on proposing to her on August 8th the date they first meet and fell in love in 1608 in Paris. Damen has had the engagement ring for two hundred years. Now he could finally give it to her. He was taking her to Summerland to propose. He makes his way to her house and knocks on the door with 8 red tulips in his hand.

"Damen", Ever says opening the door

"These are for you", Damen says smiling and kissing her lips

"Thank you they are really pretty", Ever says sniffing the tulips

"I am here to take you to Summerland", Damen says

"Why?" Ever says letting him in and putting the tulips in a vase

"It's a surprise", Damen says putting a tulip in her hair

"Ok let's go", Ever says taking his hand

They quickly arrive in the Summerland the place between worlds. Damen leads her to their pavilion. It was decorated in tulips and white roses with a table and a meal on the table.

"This is amazing", Ever says looking around

"Will you eat with me?" Damen asks bowing to her and offering his hand

"Yes I will", Ever says taking his hand

They eat their meal and Damen was getting a bit nervous. He couldn't understand it. He had waiting hundreds of years for this. With a bust of courage he stands up and takes Ever's hands.

"Ever Bloom. I have loved you for hundreds of years. I have always waited for you to be reincarnated but you always died soon after meeting me. But still I waited for the day. You are my soul mate, my true love, my being, my strength to live and everything in between. You have always held my heart and soul. You have been there for my hurts and I have been there for your hurts. In are hearts we have always been together. Now I want to make it official. So this on our 600th anniversary I ask Ever Alyson Bloom will you marry me?" Damen asks holding out the diamond ring

Ever gasps she didn't expect him to propose but if she had admitted it she was hoping her would propose sooner or later. Her heart soared.

"Yes I will marry you", Ever says happy tears running done her cheek

Damen puts the ring on her finger his own heart soared. She said yes! Damen gets up and spins Ever around sealing the proposal with a kiss the lit everything on fire…



Author's Note: What do you think? Please review


>