


A/N:
Drabble based on an anon sent to Bluecladhero on Tumblr for his reaction….I could not pass this plot bunny up.


'Splinter has agreed to exchange you for the return of his daughter. (In the hopes of later rescuing you, but you don't know that.)'




A Son for a Daughter



The looming clouds above hung heavy with unshed snow. His breath puffed out in tiny clouds of miniscule ice crystals. His heart hammered and adrenaline raced through his system. Fight or flight urging him in two directions at once. Splitting him in two. But he could only remain still. Standing in place in the cold twilight air. The inertia it was causing was making him feel ill. He did his best not to show his discomfort; holding himself rigid and stiff, knees knocking slightly; teeth chattering, despite trying to keep his jaw clenched tight. Even now, he wanted his father to be proud of him. Even now. It was January and the city was in the grip of sub-zero temperatures. But it was the frigid chill that stood between him and Master Splinter that was making him shake.

His eyes rose by inches to the one he called Sensei . . . but more tenderly . . .
father
, standing next to him. Speaking no words of encouragement. No words of comfort. Nothing. From the time he explained in his calm, simple, direct way – was it only this morning that he'd revealed to Leonardo what his fate would be? Was that right? It seemed so long ago - to the moment of them standing here, he had said nothing more. It had been decided and finalized. There was no turning back.

Leonardo found no argument to barter with, while his brothers howled and complained and cried until Master Splinter sent them all to their rooms for the rest of the day. Chasing Raphael off with his walking stick, until finally having to use a nerve pinch to subdue him. Leo was frozen in place. Stunned and shocked. The scene seemed to play out from far away and he was a mere observer to the terrible events that were unfolding. Tearing his beloved family to shreds. Hurt and afraid as he digested what was to become of him. But mostly, he was confused. He thought he was . . . good. He thought Splinter saw him as his own flesh and blood. Not as something that could be exchanged for something better. Someone more worthy.

The tension hung, thick and cloying, like a third presence between them. His remained stoic and still; relaxed; hands clasped in front of his body, one over the other, patiently waiting. The decision had been made and finalized. His brothers remained at home. Their last urgent, tearful pleas and raging protests were met only with stony silence by the large rat. Their teacher. Father.


Father. Why? What have I done to make you want to be rid of me?


The lump formed in his throat and his eyes stung violently with unshed tears. He shifted. Steeling himself against his own brittle emotions. Fear was something to be mastered and dominated over. Self-control was something to strive for and achieve. At that moment, Leonardo felt the fragile grip on composure slipping, terror replacing the façade of calm. Blinking back the threatening tears rapidly, he started as the ones they were meeting emerged from the surrounding shadows like wraiths from a nightmare. He felt his stomach turn to ice and drop. His legs grew watery and weak. He had to remain strong. Even now he wanted to impress his father. Maybe he would change his mind. Maybe it was just a test all along.

She struggled and cursed. Head jerking, body bucking. Bound at wrist and ankle. They shoved her forward and only when on her knees was she given an injection into the side of her neck. Karai snarled. She managed a hateful glare in both their directions before her eyes rolled up into her head and she collapsed forward onto her face. Only then did his master break, rushing forward to gather her into his arms. Leo could hear him murmuring in Japanese. The words of comfort that he'd only ever heard his father whisper to him and his brothers when ill or frightened. He was more than frightened now. But his father spared him hardly a glance as he returned to his place next to him, the girl cradled in his arms. The lump in his throat grew larger. It was getting hard to breathe. He wanted to ask to go home now. The words were on his tongue. Heavy and clumsy.

The soldier in the front spoke in a low, gravelly voice, "You have her, as the Shredder promised. Now . . ." he motioned to Leonardo with one hand.

Leo's eyes widened and his hands twitched, partially going for his katana before remembering that he stood there, free of his beloved weapons. Maskless and unclothed. Vulnerable and terrified. His hands dropped back to his sides.

There was a pause. A hesitation so tense and sharp that it made him inhale and hold his breath. His eyes snapped to meet his father's, pleading openly for him to change his mind. That it was only a test. That he'd passed and could go home. The words were hoarse, rough, and so cold; sounding so alien to Leonardo that he thought someone else had spoken them. Two words that shattered his life into an unrecognizable mass of broken shards.

"Take him."

He was engulfed by men in black before he could blink. Being dragged into the shadows while still too stunned to even command his feet to shuffle forward with any sort of dignity befitting a warrior. At this moment, he felt anything but. No. He felt lost and small and frightened. The world had betrayed him in the cruelest possible way. Pretense fell away as they approached the black vehicle. Struggling madly, he twisted. Reaching out into the expanse he shrieked,
"Father!?"
before the blows began to fall upon him; again and again; viciously, with gleeful force; silencing him.

Splinter strode forward, his face a mask of anguish. "Stop. Stop this! You promised me no harm would come to him!"

The men laughed as they wrestled Leonardo's semi-conscious body into the van. One of the men held a video camera and spoke to it. A live feed through to the Shredder.

"We have him, Master. All is as agreed upon and planned."

Through the vehicles window and his blurred vision, Leonardo just caught a glimpse of his father's face, twisted with sorrow and regret. He saw him standing there, cradling his daughter in his arms. The price of gaining her: his son's life. And all he could do was watch as the form of his father grew smaller and smaller and all his darkest fears grew and grew until he was completely swallowed by them. Despair devoured him.

He'd been traded. A son for a daughter. In his moment of complete anguish, his mind corrected the thought
, No, a
freak
for his daughter.


Splinter watched the van pull away and disappear around the corner. He shifted his arms, bringing Karai up closer to his chest where his heart pounded violently. He prayed that his gambit would pay off. His plan to bring his daughter home in exchange for a day maybe two of his son's life. For there was no way he'd allow them to take his son from him. Despite his agreement. Despite his honor pack with Saki. Splinter ground his teeth together fiercely. He only wished that he could have given his son some indication of his plans. But in order for this to come across as authentic, as part of the negotiation, Leonardo could not have known.

"I swear, my son, I will bring you home."



A/N:
I may post a follow up to this...maybe ...

p.s. does it ruin the magic to know I'm the anon that sent the reactionary prompt? XDD

>