


Okay guys, so I apologize to my readers who have already read this story, but after a lot of rereading and debating with myself, i decided to pull the series down and rewrite it. I am going to change some things and edit most things... think of it as what I took down was my first draft, and this is my second.



Anyhow, I already feel 2000 times better about this revamped version, and I will get things out a lot quicker as Its already written pretty much, so I really hope you guys enjoy!


John Watson was sitting in his living room reading the morning paper. He turned the page and gave silent thanks for the silence that was so rare around their flat. He really did enjoy living at 221B Baker Street with his ,now, infamous flat mate, but sitting in the flat with out random gunfire, violin, chemicals burning through their kitchen table, or yelling from a very bored Sherlock was nice not to experience every now and then. A little bit of quiet was good to have; especially when Sherlock was off to God knows where.

John took a bite of his toast when he heard someone coming up the stairs.

"Yoo-hoo!" Said Mrs. Hudson rapping her fingers on the door and greeted John with a warm smile. "Oh John dear. I'm glad you're up. Where's Sherlock?"

"Haven't got the slightest clue?" John replied

"Oh good." She said looking slightly relieved.

John frowned and looked at his lankly with surprise and concern. That certainly wasn't the answer he had been expecting.

"Why? is everything okay?" he asked her before shutting his paper angrily, "Did he steal your knitting for experiments again? I told him not to do that…"

"No!" Mrs. Hudson dismissed before looking at him completely puzzeled, "You know I have been wondering where my knitting had gotten off to… " she frowned before looking back at John sheepishly, "I know, it sounds terrible of me for being relieved that he's gone, isn't it dear?" she said looking sheepishly.

John raised his eyebrows at her. Mrs. Hudson always treated him and Sherlock like sons and had the utmost patience with Sherlock and the craziness that always ensued when he was around.

"I love that boy. Sherlock Holmes is a wonderful man, but I finally fixed up the basement and I have a potential renter coming and I don't want him scaring her off. I want to finally rent that place out after it took me so long to fix it up and all," she admitted as she plopped herself down in the kitchen chair beside John.

John cracked a smile at the landlady and grabbed the older woman's hand, squeezing it, "Mrs. Hudson, I don't blame you one bit."


*(&amp;#


>