


Title
:
Incursio


Written By:
Mr. Omelette

Disclaimer:
I'm not smart, artistic, enlightened and awesome enough to make either of them

Spoilers: in order:
the Rebellion, Avengers (2012), Iron Man 3 movie, and now Captain America: Winter Soldier and Thor 2

A/N:
...my Christmas gift to you :D

Summary:

Homura observes all other possibilities with her new powers. And Madoka just wants cake.



"
So that's her…
" one of the three observing shadows whispered as they observed their ward: Tomoe Mami.

"
The pinnacle of our generation.
" said another. And to think Mami was able to stand toe-to-toe with a [Chthulu]–albeit at a crucial disadvantage, but the point was, Mami's still alive and kicking.

Mami had summoned three replicas of the Tsar Cannon and had fired potshots at the monstrosity she was soloing. Her moves were perfect; no magic and energy wasted with each motion she does. It was a dead ringer of someone who was now serious.

"
She's no longer flashy,
" the voice of the first one said, "
that's for sure
."

That was Mami's contradiction and weakness: she was the best as a solo but hated being a solo. Whenever someone is watching her, she tries to make it look fun and enticing, as if screaming 'can you be my friend?'

"
Girls…
" the leader of the clique said in an airy voice. To the unsuspecting, it was non-threatening jibe, like a girl who was amused at a pet or a younger sibling, but to those who knew her, it was anything but non-threatening.

"Hey, Oriko, shouldn't we be helping her? You know, since we did tell Homura that we were supposed to watch over her."

Oriko merely smiled, "Don't you worry, for I have actually seen [Forward] and saw that help will be arriving at any moment."

Oriko had prophetic powers. Everything was going according to her visions: Mami arrived not a microsecond more than her expected time and defeated the right amount of [Archons] before her enemies changed into a [Chthulu]. Any moment now, Ghost Rider would destroy a portion of the street to go deep into the sewers to save Mami in the nick of time, where she, Ghost Rider and Marrow would team up to beat the [Chthulu].

…
…any second now.
…

…hmm.

…

Except that did not happen. None of that happened because Ghost Rider did not appear.

"This is certainly unexpected."


"…and why should we believe a guy whose head is a burning skull?" Kyoko asked, spear still pointed at him.

"Isn't it because my head's a burning skull that you should believe me?" The being asked. "You are a magician, aren't you?" For someone into occultism, these girls should know about the [Spirits of Vengence], right? Then again these were just kids.

"I think the floating skull would make me even
more
suspicious of you." Countered Kyoko, not moving an inch.


A heated argument in the faculty room later, Jericho Drumm (accompanied by Kurt Wagner) was about to teleport out of the Sanctorum. In fact, Clea was casting enchanted blessings of protection on both of them by the entrance of the Sanctorum when the door burst open.

The three people looked into the eyes of a man whose head was a burning skull.


Oriko may not be as well-versed with visions and reading into the future as Homura but she wasn't a bad seeress either. She did not spend all her time being part of the [Law of Cycles] vacationing and taking a break – though a good chunk of it really was spent experiencing her version of the perfect afterlife.

There were few instances where the future could be rewritten. Excluding time travel –because Homura would've no doubt already notify her of that– one of those instances was if a [Nexus], a [Singularity], or even an [Anomaly] would interact with what is predestined and change what was set.

There was a hidden [Singularity] within the mile. And a magically powerful one at that thanks to what was done to her.

Oriko had to stifle the chortle that threatened to erupt from her lips.
That Homura Akemi…

One step ahead already, I see
. Oriko Mikuni knew that future she already saw was no longer a possibility.

With a clap of her hands, the two shadows looked at her, "Okay ladies, prepare to sortie."


Mami was doing alright. Not spectacular but alright. It was still a battle of attrition, but one where she was now severely disadvantaged. She was doing alright because she was not dead yet, and her civilian was still alive.

Any tentacle she was able to cut or stake was quickly regenerated by the [Wraith]. Any significant damage was quickly regenerated. And she couldn't even think of a strategy because she was kept on her toes by the enemy. She was at an impasse but that's only because she was serious now.

The truth was that this would be her first [Chthulu]. And she was soloing it.

Maybe someone out there had it for her, with the change of her life from emotionally-distant-social-recluse to my-life-is-a-shoujo-manga – minus the bad boy who was interested in her, of course.

Turns out, while Mami was indeed correct that her classmates were snobby rich kids, Mami was unfortunately (or fortunately) not interesting enough to take notice, and thus, to bully. Then again, she noticed that her classmates did not seem to interact with each other much, so maybe she should think of it as a blessing since everyone was more concerned with their own thing.

Mami narrowly dodged an array of squid-like tentacles about to turn her to pancake.


Okay, Mami¸ focus
.

She had been trying to pierce through all that thick fat of the [Wraith] with her shots but none so far have worked. Her [Finisher] probably could but there was a long starting time for that and the monster keeps on distracting her. Sure it was an easy shot with the [Wraith] easily being at least a small skyscraper in height and was not that exceptionally fast, but what it lacked in mobility and speed it made up for with its defense. The flesh of the monster was slippery and thick and most of her attacks had been pointless.

At this point, she was not even sure if she was even damaging it because it had a regeneration speed that bordered on being overpowered.

She had tried to modify her approach by shooting grenade bullets that exploded once it was lodged inside its body but that did not work. The monster had let out this screeching wail before quickly healing it. Mami thought that maybe it's because it had a core that you had to destroy.

Then again, this was her first [Chthulu Wraith], monsters that have been known to not have a fixed appearance.

In fact the only [Chthulu Wraiths] Mami knew were the ones from London, known to have caused the Great London Fire and the Great London Fog, both of which were caused because the local girls were unable to defeat it in time before it broke free from its [Nest].

In those two instances, the [Chthulu Wraiths] looked nothing like hers. the Great London Fire [Wraith] was basically a fire-breathing dragon that could explode to tinier,
flying
dragons, which was why the local girls were unable to contain it in time before it left its [Nest]. The [Wraith] of the Great London Fog was caused by an eldritch-like tree that exponentially grew too big, too tall and too fast that reports from the local girls said that it could have been touching the moon.

In fact, the only time Kyubey gave tips on something was when a girl was to ask about [Chthulu Wraiths]. Kyubey would say that while the apparent deaths caused by these mega-level [Wraiths] was not his concern, the continued sound mental faculties of his wards were his priority, and thus why he usually urged local girls to destroy such [Wraiths] before they manifest physically outside of their [Nest] and destroy their city or scope of jurisdiction.

According to those who have survived fighting one, Kyubey was also a lot more hands-on whenever [Chthulu Wraiths] were involved, often times giving tips and pointing out weak points in the heat of the actual battle.

Alas, Mami had no allies nor did she have Kyubey.

She was alone.
By herself.

"Oh my," said a voice behind her. "It seems we're late to the party." Mami chanced to look at the newcomer and saw a girl. Not just any girl.

"
A [Magical Girl]
." Mami whispered, temporarily forgetting about the [Chthulu].

The girl had waist length, ash-brown platinum hair. Her ensemble was a mix between a ball gown and a maid's white outfit. Completing the look was a white top hat. Floating around her were three volleyball-sized spheres with patterned vines glowing in a calming blue light. Her gaze looked calm, soothing even, and her serene green eyes mirrored the smile on her lips.

"Not just one magical girl, dear." She smiled before another one appeared from the girl's shadows.

The other girl was undoubtedly another magical girl. She had a similar style to the first girl but it was like a mix between a butler, a jester and an animal tamer. She wore boots, white high socks and an exaggerated long-sleeved jacket all in black. On her hands were claws that were not unlike Edward Scissorhands' but also more exaggerated. Her gaze was frenzied and fervent, with a hard smile that looked like a mix of glee and insanity.

The first girl looked like a final boss of a videogame, especially with the aura she exuded.

The second girl looked like the right-hand man, with the black hair and the stance the girl had beside the first girl. She was like the prelude to a videogame's final boss.

A third girl appeared out of thin air, akin to a teleport. She had platinum blonde hair and the fiercest of gazes among the three. Her outfit was the most revealing: black thigh high boots, some skimpy black shorts and a black spaghetti strap tube shirt. She was the shortest and thus looked the youngest of them all, especially with that clunky-looking grey jacket of hers.

Mami studied the three. These were experienced girls. Mami's own experience with experienced girls was, if they were nice, they can be extremely nice unless you agitate them. If they were territorial, you better leave or else. Mami had to make the first contact and make a good impression.

But this time it was different, "May we join you?" The girl in white asked, her orbs twirling in a pattern. She appeared to be the leader of the three.

Mami can only nod.

"Thanks! We can't just look bad in front of a fellow Japanese, can we transfer student?" The girl asked, tilting her head.

The two others jumped towards the [Wraith]. The girl with the claws were a blitz of blades, slashing and mincing tentacles left and right. The girl in skimpy wear summoned a sword that blazed red hot flames, her strikes were like hot knife through butter.

"Huh?" Mami asked.

"You go to my school, right? I've seen you in my English class. My name's Oriko." Of course, Homura already did all of this beforehand (from backstories to history, even what Oriko and her teammates' origin story and hobbies would be) and all Oriko had to do was just to be there.

One of her blue spheres glowed brighter, which made Oriko focus on the battle. '
Kirika-chan, on your right.
'

'
Yeah
,
yeah.
' The girl with the claws named Kirika immediately dodged right anticipating what would be a thorough smashing by the [Wraith's] tentacles.


Once Frigga had escorted Loki to the healing bay, she made her way to her throne room in Sessrúmnir.

Valhalla was where Odin operated, and while she was Queen there, she would be unable to do much since her influence was not as strong as she'd like there.

Here in Sessrúmnir, she was not a Queen, but a Ruler. She was still [Queen of Asgard] but operating in Sessrúmnir, she was making a statement that while Odin was away on his important quest she was [Ruler of Asgard].

There, in her Sessrúmnir, three advisers were already waiting for her.

"My Queen," the first one by the name of Filo started. She was half a head shorter that Frigga and was willowy and had wide dark green eyes. Frigga rarely saw those eyes because proper decorum meant that none of them had the right to see her eye-to-eye because she was queen and they were under her. "The first batch of Einherjar are about to arrive. It's Herja's battalion. We are expected to received three hundred recruits on hers alone."

Filo was an Einjerhar recruited by Eir eons ago, to a time long forgotten.

The second adviser was a young man not from mobility. In his arms were a pile of scrolls. He was a scholar of Asgard but cannot be employed by Valhalla because of being lowborn. Horse dung, Frigga and Odin would say but the Elders were conservative, thus Frigga employed him in her hall. His name was Tait, with a slouch caused by reading too much scrolls and grimoires. If he stood upright, he was just as tall as Frigga but with him slouching he was just as tall as Filo. "My Queen, other Queens from Takamagahara have begun sending their support."

He grabbed the top scroll in his pile and levitated the other ones behind him with his magic. Unrolling it, he read, "So far, Queen Hera has loaned to us Athena Parthenos, Queen Amaterasu has deployed forty kitsunes supervised by Ame-no-Uzume, and we will be receiving raw materials and magical supplies from Karnilla sometime this afternoon."

"Karnilla sent me something." Frigga whispered. "She must really like my son."

She smirked, "how sweet."

The third adviser was the wife of an old House of Valhalla. Her husband and sons was accompanying Odin on his quest. Their House swore an Oath that someone must always be representing their House for their Ruler, thus his wife was performing said duties. Her name was Vilhelmine. Frigga and Vilhelmine had an intense rivalry in their youth. Now, it was simply mutual respect.

"My Queen, we have also reviewed all of our assets." Of course Frigga would be more than happy if Vilhelmine were to drop proper decorum but both women know that Frigga was now ruler.

"Initial assessment says that we will last for twenty whole days should we be attacked and be on defensive."

She then brought out a scroll, "Also, we've also need to inform you that merchants from the neighboring merchant guild are threatening to stop trading routes lest we give then a bigger cut of gold."

Frigga looked at Vilhelmine, "You know what I think?" Filo and Tait looked at their Ruler, "I think I should set Asgard's Queen of Thorns on them."

Vilhelmine smirked, which to those who know her, was actually her equivalent to a guffaw. "It shall be done, my Queen. Expect news on it sometime tonight."

Just as Vilhelmine left the hall, Loki entered.

"Mother, what is this I heard about war?"


The appearance of three other [Magical Girls] made it a lot easier for Mami.

The girl who introduced herself as Oriko looked like a support type. Everytime the [Chthulu] was so close to actually doing a number on any of her teammates, one of the glowing orbs surrounding her were to glow bright. Mami did not know what her powers were per se, but she could see that those glowing balls acted some sort of warning system for the girls.

Both of her teammates were of the offensive speed type, but that's where they ended.

The one with claws, Kirika, was to be unpredictable. Mami could see that the claw girl either was an illusion type or could literally slow down time–her only weakness being too excessive with her attacks, making her lose a lot of magic she could better off be conserving. Kirika also appeared to be
conversing
with the [Chthulu Wraith], which was… odd.

The other one was a swordswoman, and the exact opposite of Kirika. If Mami could describe her style it would be efficient: no wasted move, no wasted magic. Her attacks were precise and accurate which made Mami unable to see what type of magic she had, but judging from her sword – a
blazing
fire sword – it appeared to be fiery in nature.

"I have to apolog… alpolo… say sorry for having me in such a disadenta… such a bad time." Mami tried to say in English.

"
You don't have to be so formal on me, Tomoe-san.
" Oriko replied in fluent Japanese.

"
Oh.
" Mami let out an exhale. "
Well, Oriko-san, I thank you for-
" she received a funny look from Oriko when Mami started speak formally to her.

"
Thank
s
for saving me.
" Mami settled with, "
Quite in the nick of time too.
"

Oriko smiled, "
It's no bother, it's actually nice to find another girl considering we have no idea what's going on.
"

Another floating sphere glowed, which made Oriko turn to her teammates who were engaging the [Chthulu]. '
Suzune-chan, below you.
'

Just as she warned, the sand on Suzune's feet began to tremble. The girl had long since backflipped her way out of the direction just in time before tentacles burst forth from the sand.

Mami nodded, "
I do have to tell you that I too have no idea what's going on.
" She went over to the civilian who was now unconscious, traces of magic lingering on her. Mami then picked up her [Soul Gem] on top of the pile of [Grief Cubes], judging it to be purified enough before placing the topaz-like object on her hairpiece. "
Oriko-san, do you know where Kyubey is?
"

Oriko placed a hand over her chin, tilting her head pensively, "
I was about to ask you the same thing.
"

'
This is nice and all, but as you can see, Suzune-chan and I kinda need your help.
' Echoed the voice of Kirika in their heads also in fluent Japanese.

The yellow musketeer saw Oriko sigh exasperatedly. "
I suppose we should take care of the problem first before we have this important discussion.
"

"
I suppose so too.
" Mami looked at the battle field. The [Chthulu] did not look like tired at all, granted it was regenerating quite a lot of tentacles since a good portion of them ended up severed, flittering on the ground.

Mami then concentrated before summoning five 6 pounder cannons in front of her. "[Tiro Scoppiare]"


It was Jericho Drumm's first time to ride a motorcycle. It was truly an amazing experience. Sure, it was awkward being between a half-Neyaphem and an incarnation of the [Spirit of Vengence] but it was still an experience.

Johnny Blaze, however, was a little miffed that he was sharing his bike with two people. "We're getting closer!"

Earlier, Johnny was out with Danny Ketch, teaching Danny on how to control his powers. The backstory was basically, Johnny found out that he wasn't the only [Spirit of Vengence] which suited him fine because he didn't like being the only one who had a flaming skull for a head. Danny has recently acquired his powers and Johnny was lucky enough to stumble upon him months ago after some demon mishap. Also, they're apparently long-lost brothers, but that's beside the point.

Anyway, he was teaching Danny how to control his hellfire when he felt it. It was truly one of the most disturbing things he's ever felt in all his experience, and Johnny has gone head to head with some of the most notorious demons mankind has ever known.

Naturally, Johnny had to cut his training with Danny short and had to sent him back to his place. Johnny then made a quick stop to Stephen Strange's place before investigating what it was.

Turns out, according to Clea, Stephen was busy with Shuma-gorath which Johnny has no qualms with. That did leave him surprised because even Clea did not know what was going on. Flash-forward to now, he was riding with Doctor Voodoo and a guy named Kurt who insisted that he was a mutant, not a demon.

"I have to admit," Jericho yelled, "riding like this is quite enjoyable."

"You didn't need to make it weird." Johnny yelled back. It was his Haitian accent, probably.

Johnny increased their speed when he stumbled upon an unsightly scene. He had to slow down his bike to better process what was happening.

"Danny?" Said long-lost brother was subdued, on a ten foot pole, wrapped in chains.

"Great," a voice groaned exasperatedly from the side, "there's more of them."

Turning to the voice, Johnny saw two kids and… "…Is that Captain America?"

Of course he's never seen what Captain America looks like since he wore something that obscured his face but the shield was unmistakable.

"Professor Drumm?" the redhead kid pointing what appeared to be a spear at them.

"Kyoko?"

"Kurt?"

"Is that Yuma? Steve what is-"

This was getting ridiculous. Putting two fingers into his mouth, he let out a loud whistle.

There. That got everyone's attention.

"What's going on?"

To be frank, he has no idea how someone hasn't noticed the scene that was happening now, and this is in downtown New York. Maybe it affected whatever it was that was happening right now.


"
This is getting us nowhere
," Kirika hissed as she cut down her 451st tentacle. Not that she was paying attention. Thanks to her magic, everything was bearable because the [Wraith] was slowed considerably but its defense was getting this fight nowhere.

Suzune had tried burning it to a crisp with her spells and techniques but turning it into charcoal didn't seem to faze it one bit.

It was big, it was bulky and it regenerated a lot.

She looked over at Oriko and secretly hoped she would just cheat already and look into it in the future. But if she knew her best friend, which she does, Oriko was enjoying acting like the person Homura said she was about to impersonate.

Well, it is kind of fun being part of the [Law of Cycles], it was just not as fun anymore without Madoka.

A lot of [Magical Girls] would kill to be where she was now, but there was a reason why Homura has sealed them all with the [Law of Cycles].

While she felt bad for Madoka, she was mostly here because Oriko was here. Just like before, she would do everything in her power to be prove useful to Oriko's plans.

Kirika leaped high off of the ground and twirled midair, creating a small torpedo of blades. Letting gravity take its course, she tried to make a strike for one of the three heads. Upon impact, the monster let out this pained roar, but her strike didn't do much damage. She tried gouging one of its eyes but it only regenerated again.

With a sigh, she gave the regenerating eye a hard kick before jumping back to her teammates.

"
None of our shit is working.
" Kirika summarized as she landed last.

Suzune was tightening her ponytail, her sword embedded on the ground before her. Her lips were in a thin line as she made sure that the envelope tied to her hair was still there.

Mami shot her final musket from her current batch of guns before turning to the group.

Oriko had her eyes closed, probably thinking of a strategy.

"
Tomoe-san, do you think you could defeat it with your [Finisher]?
"

Kirika had to lick her lips in anticipation: [Finishers] were the pinnacle of a [Magical Girl's] attack. It was the crystallization of a girl's hopes and wishes that banished evil. Some girls' [Finishers] were extremely powerful because their wish and its interpretation were perfect for battle. Some, like Oriko, had [Finishers] that were unique in that while it was not offensive in nature, it was still ridiculously useful.

"
I… could, but it would leave me incapacitated after I had cast it, and it takes a long time to charge.
"

Kirika could feel the defensiveness in Mami's tone. To ask someone to use their [Finisher] was like asking someone to die. Because while it was a girl's ultimate attack, it was in fact the very soul of the girl being used to power said attack. In fact, a girl using her [Finisher] was more likely to be collected by the [Law of Cycles] than to survive the attack. In fact, for every ten girls who would use their [Finisher], only two would survive through it once it's been cast.

Oriko smiled calmly, "
Do not worry, Tomoe-san,
" she gave Suzune a light pat in the shoulder, "
Suzune-chan will watch over us.
"

Kirika turned to Oriko, "
Us?
"

Oriko nodded. And Kirika finally understood what she was planning. Three of the four [Magical Girls] here were to use their [Finishers].

"
Only you, Oriko-chan. Only you.
" Kirika said, shaking her head.

The girl in white simply chuckled, "
Go big or go home.
"

"
What's going on?
" Mami watched the back-and-forth between Oriko and Kirika, totally confused.

Kirika grinned a little too widely, "
It means, we'll be using our [Finishers] too.
"

Oriko nodded, "
Here's the plan
…"


"…so basically, what we're dealing with right now is a mass of negative emotions known as [Grief]?" Jericho Drumm asked, floating two feet in the air.

"Yeah…" Kyoko said. "We usually could handle it on our own but we're up against one who's so big it's impossible."

Jericho Drummed hummed thoughtfully, "I guess I
do
have to investigate this matter."

Kyoko looked at him aghast, "Didn't you just hear me? It's impossible to defeat it!"

Johnny Blaze took it as a challenge, "…seems like my kind of demon."



-BGM: 13. Ketsui wo Himete-
watch?v=CHhq5M-yNcQ




Suzune didn't say much and tended to do what she was told. Oriko's plan sounded smart too. It's just weird that Suzune was the one using the least amount of magic out of the four. She was also a bit disappointed that she would thusly be the one putting in her effort least. She needed to practice for when she will be facing against a severely handicapped Homura so that she could free Madoka.

It was not a question of 'if' but a question of 'when' because Homura had promised and that just means that she needed to prepare. However, since Oriko was making the shots here, at least while Suzune would be watching over Mami, she'll do what she was told.

Getting into position, she being the closest to the [Wraith] among the four, she closed her eyes and meditated.

Mami was already collecting her magic to cast her [Finisher] while Oriko summoned three dozen of her orbs, also in the process of casting her [Finisher]. Kirika was on the side, stretching her limbs.

Before she left the [Law of Cycles], people came to her to give a portion of their powers. She would be using one of those powers now. In order for this plan to work, she needed the powers of one of the Hoozuki girls–one who could get the attention of the enemy.

Imagining the power, Suzune visualized a girl who wanted to be noticed so much, she wished for her sun -her sister- to disappear. She let it coalesce, like recalling bits and pieces of a forgotten memory.

With an exhale, she called out a name, "Haruka!"

In her mind, a blonde with waist length hair nodded at her before smiling knowingly.

Suzune's sword glimmered for a second, flashing an intense color of light, before changing into a dual-bladed spear.

With a twirl of her spear, she began to cast magic to charm the [Wraith]. Slowly, all of the eyes on the [Wraith] focused on her. There was a moment of stillness that passed between monster and heroine before suddenly, all of its tentacles lunged for her.

Before it could move however, Kirika was already there behind her. "
Oh no, you don't.
"

Kirika's body emitted a cool dark purple light. She crossed her arms and placed it over her shoulders as her claws retracted, becoming nothing more than brass knuckles. "[I am the Mist: I am Jack the Ripper]!"

With a blinding burst of purple energy, everything became slow. This was Kirika's [Finisher], a power that slowed down time to 1/255 of its original speed. It did not slow down the enemy per se, but it did slow down everything within a certain radius.

It was a nice move if you were mobile in it. Unfortunately, Kirika has to concentrate all of her magic in order to keep this running, leaving her rooted in place for the duration of the [Finisher]. Another downside was that only Kirika was left unaffected by this [Finisher].

This is where Mami volunteered to use her powers: with her ribbons, which were attached to all four of the girls, Kirika's [Finisher] left everyone unaffected. With time slowed considerably, Mami could concentrate and had more time to complete her [Finisher].

For three minutes, Kirika bought them time. Suzune guarded them by slashing and skewering tentacles that neared them with her spear, Oriko was able to cast her [Finisher], while Mami was able to continue completing her attack.

Just as Kirika's about to run out of [Magic], Kirika cancelled her [Finisher], collapsing on Suzune's back. Suzune then picked up Kirika in a piggyback ride, just as time started to return to normal. All the tentacles still attached to the monster were still targeting them, and since Suzune still has the [Wraith] enchanted, they had to move fast.

That's where Oriko's [Finisher] came to play: [Full Control Encounter].

All around Oriko, her spheres glowed so bright they were like miniature suns. With this [Finisher], Oriko could see the future of thirty seconds constantly with a 3% margin of error. Every discrepancy and every deviation is taken into consideration, and almost nothing can hide under the gaze of Oriko.

On paper that is not much, but the fact is that Oriko's [Finisher] is an attack that consciously and continuously rewrites history with every move the caster makes using the concept 'Evade One Attack and History Changes.'

This means that for every one thing done when under the employ of Oriko's [Finisher], one can have a small sense of omniscience because the butterfly effect is rendered obsolete with this ability.

This was why, despite the innumerous tentacles about to smash, bash, impale and skewer Suzune, not a single one managed to hit her because Oriko was telling her when and where and what to move.

This [Finisher] is basically Oriko's clairvoyance put into overdrive. This power is also a power that could observe the battlefield unimpeded because nothing will become a surprise to Oriko, at least 97% of the time.

"Girls!" Mami yelled out. Her body was now glowing bright orange, and steam was forming all around her. "It's ready!"

Oriko nodded and let one of her orbs manifest before Mami. The musketeer quickly stood on top of it, careful not to tumble by balancing on her core rather than her feet.

With a heave, Oriko telepathically raised the orb high into the air.

In this [Maze], it was like an entirely different world altogether, which was why Mami was brought higher than even the height of the [Wraith].

Mami was instructed to just shoot her [Finisher] down after Oriko's signal. So when she felt the orb underneath her vanish, Mami was not worried. Falling, Mami summoned a gigantic musket –half the size of what they were fighting– and as she descended face-first into the ground, she pointed it to the enemy.

It was a point blank shot made through a bird's eye view.

It would not miss.

"
…wait for it
." Oriko said.

Suzune twirled and ducked, evading and slashing tentacles left and right, all while keeping Kirika alive. She looked at Oriko whose eyes were glowing blue, no doubt pushing her powers to the limit.

The girl knew that this was a shot that essentially bathed the [Wraith] with destructive magic, leaving no room for regeneration.

'
…not yet
.'

Kirika felt exhausted, like having run three miles without stopping for air. Her eyelids felt droopy and the only thing keeping her alive was the fact that she was slowing the despairing of her [Soul Gem] with her powers.

From over Suzune's shoulder, she looked over at Oriko, whose body was eerily becoming translucent.

'
…just a little bit more
.'

The [Chthulu Wraith] stopped as she had cornered Suzune. Suzune, however, did not looked fazed at all. Kirika too. In fact, the raven-haired girl was actually smiling.

"
NOW
!"

Mami nodded. This was all 99.9 percent of her magic given form. This was:

"[Tiro Maxima Finale]!"

Suzune never saw anything. Because all she saw was white. Followed by what she would describe as the sound a star makes when it dies.


Clea sat upright. "…they did it?"

Looking around, most of the people around her felt it too. The oppressive energy was gone, like a weight being lifted off of her. A baby who was crying suddenly quieted down and fell asleep.

In the infirmary, Jean Grey fluttered her eyes open. The headache was gone, the creeping sadness was gone, the feeling that someone was watching over you cruelly was gone and every sensation felt new. When she saw Scott, Jean Grey did the first thing she thought; she grabbed his arm and pulled him close.

"Jean?" asked her bewildered boyfriend.

"Just hold me, Scott. Just hold me." Scott didn't know what was happening but he obliged.

In the side, Megan was attending one of the unconscious mutants. She did not know what happened but it was gone now. Despite feeling like a something was lifted off of her, her legs gave out.

"Megan?" Billy knelt down beside her, eyes full of concern.

"It's gone, isn't it?" Megan looked over at Billy, wide-eyed.

Billy saw tears streaming down on her eyes, "You're crying…"

Megan tilted her head, "I am?" She touched her cheek, "I am."

Billy smiled as she lunged for him.

Everyone reacted differently, some jumped in joy while others drew tears, most however felt at peace.

Clea walked over to Ian who was reading a book.

"Yes, Clea?"

"And that is why…" Clea began.

"That is why?"

"That is why Jericho is a front-runner candidate for the Sorcerer Supreme."


Kyoko, Yuma and Steve, accompanied by Kurt and the two Ghost Riders slowed down as they felt it disappear.

Johnny turned to Kyoko, "Was that supposed to happen?"

Kyoko shook her head. Again, the question keeps running into her head: what the hell is happening here?


By the time anyone found out what happened, no one was already there.

One of the Morlocks found an unconscious Marrow on the ground and when their leader would wake up. She would describe the experience as having the oddest, most surreal memory of girls and magic.

She would then be faced with a crisis that most of the residence of the Morlocks ended up becoming unconscious too. Fortunately no one had been injured or had any seemly lasting effects aside from the ghost-feeling that someone had their soul in their hands and was
this
close to snuffing it like candle fire.

"Well?" A woman in full body armor asked one of her men.

The men in question was a man garbed in dark green robes, a testament to a time for when he was still alive centuries ago. He was an unknown magician apprentice under an unknown sorcerer in an era known as Arthurian. He had died during the burning of Camelot before being recruited by a death goddess.

"Whatever it was, it was gone now." He stood straighter, "I can, however, try and look for where it went."

The woman known as Hildegarde nodded. She turned to her assembled Einjerhar, "It matters not that it has fled, we will find it one way or another."

Their response needed more enthusiasm however, because to her a 'Roger that' won't do.

Who was this Roger, anyway? Her name was Hildegarde – a Valkyrie of Asgard.

Why did they also have to raise their hand to place it over their brows?

Midgard has been unrecognizable since her return here. Warriors no longer battled with swords or any melee weapons aside from knives and fists.

The norm now was long-range using not arrows but guns. In fact thirty seven of her fifty three Einherjar preferred to be called as soldiers rather than warriors. The good side was that these soldiers did not have any problem with authority, they also appeared to be more order-oriented rather than autonomous. Not like her senior Einherjars that she's brought with her as recruit wranglers, they were once a rambunctious lot.

Still, it was a good find: thirty seven soldiers, nine firemen (or so Hildegarde has been told), three policemen, two fighters of exotic martial disciplines, one detective and one magician. Along with her five senior Einjerhar: her magician Roland, her archer Sophia, her two swordsmen Caim and Gaz, and her axewoman Millie, it was a pretty solid team.

All Hildegarde needed for her Einjerhar was experience, and looking for and defeating whatever it was that was here earlier would be good training for them.

With a turn, she recalled the spirits of her Einherjar to her, leaving the place once again quiet with just her and her senior troops. "Let us go."


Mami felt exhausted but fulfilled. Finally, another [Puella Magi]. And a team too–an experienced team of
nice
girls. But since it was already late into the night, Oriko and her teammates decided that it was best to recuperate for the night but not before inviting Mami over for lunch to discuss… things.

Maybe tomorrow, things will look better and Mami will finally understand what was going on with the lack of [Wraiths] and Kyubey's disappearance.

On a good note, the spoils of defeating the [Chthulu Wraith] were five tons of [Grief Cubes]. Mami did not even have to haggle because Oriko suggested the spoils be split into four ways. That left her with roughly a ton and a quarter of unused [Grief Cubes] in her [Grief Cube] hammerspace. Mami thinks this could make her survive even for more than a year, two if she were conservative.

Mami fell asleep dreaming of bento boxes, and cafes, and making friends.


"We're almost done." The Mandarin told her, removing the last bits of runes.

"I'm done." The Enchantress said, etching the last rune out.

It was only a matter of time before the Dark Elves would be free.

>