

Chapter 8: Ninja Moves and Bad Moods

A/N: Hey, sorry for the long delay. I had sinus problems and didn't feel like typing. However, my deadline is approaching fast, so I figured it'd be a good idea to get something out now. Whether I make it to said deadline remains to be seen, but if I don't, then the heck with it. I never should have even given myself that deadline. Way too much pressure. Anyway, thanks to all of those who have read and reviewed thus far. Your encouragement means a lot to me. Here's the chapter everyone has been waiting for. The Turtles get to wrestle!

Disclaimer: TMNT and all related characters are property of Nickelodeon. WWE and all related characters are property of Vince McMahon. I'm just using them for my own amusement.

Today was the day they'd been waiting for. The Turtles were supposed to wrestle in front of a live audience. Leo really wanted to prepare for it, but the Turtles were kept busy with autograph signings and appearances, so they didn't have much time to discuss the match. All of them dealt with this as best they could though Mikey ate it up as he normally would do. He loved the admiration of the crowd and really wished that they could remain like this forever. Leo explained that it wouldn't be a good idea as their cover would be eventually blown. He was still worried about the match and how they were going to pull this off when they essentially didn't know how to wrestle. Sure, he'd sounded brave when talking to John, but in reality, he was terrified about this. If they had a bad match, what would the fans think?

After some appearances, the Turtles and Splinter were able to meet up briefly and talked about what they'd gone through. All of them were anxious about how they were going to pull this off and win over the WWE Universe.

"No sweat, bros," Mikey reassured them. "We've seen it on TV. How hard can doing wrestling moves be?"

"It takes a lot of practice to pull off those moves, Mikey," Leo pointed out. "It's not as easy as you would think."

"You worry too much, Leo," Raph scoffed. "I'm sure we'll be fine. We'll just wing it, and do our best to entertain the fans. That's what it's all about anyway."

"I just want you all to be careful, my sons," Splinter cautioned them. "This is not an easy thing for you to do, and I do not want any of you to injure the other while attempting these moves."

"We'll be careful, Sensei," Leo reassured him.

Then they parted ways for the rest of the day and promised to meet up again before the show so they could discuss their match and what would be needed to pull it off. Mikey and Leo met up with Nikki and Brie and ate lunch with them while Don went off by himself and Raph met up with Triple H because Hunter wanted to talk with him. All of them played their parts well, but they were sure it wasn't going to last long, and they wondered how the others were doing in their mutant bodies.

22222

Back at the Lair, the Superstars were amusing themselves as they liked. Randy was flipping through Raph's comic book collection, Daniel was trying out Mikey's nunchucks, John was flipping through the TV to see if anything good was on, Damien was exploring Don's lab, and Vince was still engrossed in his beloved beer and porn.

"Hey, John, check it out," Daniel said as he started swirling the nunchucks around. "You think Brie would like this?" After the words left his mouth, he hit himself in the head. "Ow!" he moaned. "Man, I almost had it!"

"I'd put those down if I were you, dawg," John told him. "We can't afford you havin' a concussion before Wrestlemania."

Daniel did as John asked figuring he was right. He settled on the couch next to John. "So, did you hear from the guy you switched bodies with?"

"Yeah we're gonna meet up after the show and get to the bottom of this," John said. "I haven't heard from him since, so maybe he's busy."

"Do you really think they can pull off wrestling in a match?" Daniel asked fearfully. "I mean, what if they botch it? We'll never be able to live it down."

"I guess we'll just have to go with the flow and just show them that even wrestlers have off days," John said. He wasn't that worried about the fans anyway as many of them either loved him or hated him. He had learned to just tune out the hateful ones and just joke around about it. But he knew Daniel was different than he was and didn't like it when people were hostile to him, even when he was supposed to be a heel.

"If they mess up the match, I'm going to make sure they pay," Randy threatened. "Can you believe this? This guy has some seriously messed up comics."

"And I'm sure they'll take that lying down," John retorted. "Give them some slack, man. It's not like they asked for this to happen to them."

"Oh, and I did?" Randy retorted. "They just better learn to wrestle and get it right. If they screw it up, then I'll no longer be the face of the WWE."

"I wasn't aware you were to begin with," Daniel replied.

"Don't you start in on me, Goat Boy!" Randy snarled.

Then Damien came out of the lab to see what the fuss was about. "This laboratory is amazing," he said. "You should really check out some of the ingenious inventions this mutant has come up with. I may have to ask him how he does it all."

"Are you serious? This mutant is not your friend, Damien," Randy told him. "If they screw up the match, our careers are over thanks to them. The best thing we can do is meet up with them, get this mess over with and back to our lives. But before that, I'll have my imposter pay the price for tarnishing the name of Randy Orton."

John laughed. "Yeah, good luck with that one, Randall," he said.

Vince came out of the dojo. "Dammit, what's all this ruckus about?" he demanded.

"Nothing, Vince," John replied. "Just havin' some friendly conversation."

"Have you figured out what the hell we're going to do next?" Vince asked him.

"Yeah, we'll meet with the others after the show is over and investigate this," John answered. "Hopefully, we can get this matter cleared up so we can go back to our lives."

"Well, it better pan out. And did you say those guys have to wrestle?"

John nodded. "Yep, they have to wrestle in a match."

"They'd better not screw it up, or there's gonna be hell to pay," Vince said. "Now keep it down so I can enjoy my porn in peace, and let me know when the show starts so we can watch it."

"I'll make sure to do that, Vince," John promised.

Vince wheeled around and headed back to Splinter's room, and the other Superstars sat down to watch some TV while they waited for SmackDown to begin.

22222

The Turtles and Splinter got to the arena on time before the show was due to start. They were able to meet and decided they would just watch the other wrestlers and copy their examples during their match and then improvise if they didn't know what else to do. The show started, and the Turtles sat back and watched, careful to observe exactly what the other Superstars had to do.

"Wow, that looks really complicated," Don commented. "I don't know if we'll be able to do this."

Leo put a hand on his shoulder. "Don't sweat it, Donnie," he reassured him. "We'll be fine."

The two hours seemed to go by quickly, and it no time at all, the Turtles had to wrestle. They entered the gorilla position where wrestlers usually waited for their music to hit and their cue to go out. All of them were dressed in their wrestling gear and were waiting to go out. Mikey was bouncing up and down, excited that he had the chance to do this. The outcome was supposed to be that Cena and Bryan were going to win, so they just had to end it on a good note. Then they were given a twist that at the end of the match, The Shield were supposed to come out and attack them and they had to go with whatever happened after that.

"The Time Is Now" hit, and Leo came out to a mix of cheers and boos. He did John's signature salute before running down the ramp and sliding into the ring. He was relieved that he at least had that part down perfectly. Then he waited for his brothers to come down, hoping they wouldn't do anything to blow their cover.

"Flight of the Valkyries" played next as Mikey came out. He did Daniel's signature entrance down the ramp, yelling, "Yes! Yes! Yes!" He basked in the fans' adoration of him and made his way into the ring. He even gave Leo a high five before standing on the turnbuckle and playing it up with the fans. He could have stayed there all day but a tap from Leo reminded him that he had a match to win, so he got down and waited for their opponents.

"The Hallelujah Chorus" played next as Don came down to the ring. Raph must have whispered some instructions to him on how he was supposed to act because Leo knew Don couldn't really act that arrogant in real life. Leo was relieved that Don was ignoring the fans and just making his way down to the ring. He entered and glared at his opponents as he waited for his ally to join him.

"Voices" played as Raph made his way to the ring. He really played the part well and convinced everyone that he was indeed Randy Orton. As he made his way to the ring he ignored the fans and then posed on the turnbuckle once he was inside doing Randy's signature pose.

The ref signaled for the bell to ring, and it was decided that Leo and Raph would start the match. They locked up and then Leo countered Raph's move and hit him in the stomach, making him double over before following that up with a punch. Raph retaliated with a few punches of his own and tried to get Leo in a headlock, which he countered with a basic throwing move. As Raph got to his feet, Leo performed a roundhouse kick, hitting Raph in the face.

"This is unusual," Michael Cole commented at the announcer's booth. "Since when does John Cena know a martial arts move?"

"Maybe he's been watching some movies, Michael," JBL replied.

Enraged, Raph got up and rushed at Leo, knocking him to the ground. He tagged in Donnie, hoping that Don would be able to finish him off. Don went for the pin, but Leo kicked out. Don was confused as to what to do next, so Leo began punching him repeatedly and whispered in Don's ear, "Retaliate against me." Don did as Leo asked, but he wasn't sure what else to do. He knocked Leo down with a kick of his own and tagged Raph back in.

The match continued with a mix of ninja moves and wrestling moves. The fans weren't happy at all and began chanting things like, "This is boring!" and "We want refunds!"

22222

Back at the Lair, the Superstars were watching the match and were stunned with what they were seeing. This definitely wasn't a good sign, especially when the fans started chanting their disapproval of how things were going.

"This is it," Randy moaned. "We're ruined. Our careers are over."

"I hate to agree with you, Randy, but you're right," John said. "Even I can't understand what these guys are tryin' to do."

"This is a disaster," Vince lamented. "What the hell am I gonna do now?"

22222

Back at the match, Leo had knocked Donnie down and tagged Mikey in after Mikey begged him to. Mikey pointed to the fans, got up on the turnbuckle and got ready to jump. He yelled, "Booyakasha!" as he jumped off and onto Don. Then he covered Don and got the win. His music played as Mikey got up and tried to get the fans with him, but they were disgusted and began booing and throwing trash into the ring.

At the announcer's table, Michael Cole and JBL were just as shocked as everyone else.

"That was a disaster," Cole said. "And what's that phrase Daniel Bryan was yelling? He's never said anything like that before."

"It sounded like a load of gibberish to me, Michael," JBL replied.

Suddenly, "Special Op" played as The Shield made their way into the ring. Don did his best to make peace, but Roman Reigns speared him for his troubles. Mikey was mad, and roundhouse kicked Seth Rollins in retaliation for what Roman did to Don. Dean Ambrose went for Mikey, but Leo interfered, kicking Dean right in the face. Roman speared Leo, too, and then Raph joined the fray, doing his best to knock the big man off his feet, but it didn't work. Seth came back and gave Raph a DDT for his trouble. Then they all advanced on Mikey.

"Uh, guys, can't we just call it a draw?" the orange clad Turtle begged. "I seriously didn't mean to prank call you. It was just a joke. I seriously think you guys are the coolest. So, truce?"

Roman shook his head and speared Mikey. Then, Dean and Seth lifted Mikey up while Roman did his signature roar, indicating that they were setting Mikey up for the Secret Service. They slammed Mikey to the mat and then stood over him, their fists joining together to promote their solidarity. "Believe in The Shield!" Seth yelled. Then they left the ring, satisfied with what they'd done.

22222

"I hope those guys are okay," John said. "Roman's spears really hurt."

"Who cares if they're okay?" Randy scoffed. "They ruined the match. They deserve what they got."

"Yeah, and since when do I say booyakasha?" Daniel scoffed. "That is so lame! Now the fans are gonna expect me to yell it when I jump off the turnbuckle."

"Hey it's not that bad of a word," John reassured him. "I kind of like it. Maybe you should use it."

"No! No! No!" Daniel yelled "I am NOT going to yell some phrase that sounds like some stoner made it up!"

"Perhaps we should just convene in the alley where our dopplegangers asked us to meet them," Damien suggested.

"We can't do anything until Leo calls me," John told him. "Then we make our move."

22222

Back at the arena, the Turtles were still recovering from the beating they'd taken from the Shield. Splinter met them backstage and was about to ask if they were okay when Hunter stormed up and he didn't look happy.

"What the hell was that?" he demanded. "I thought you guys were wrestlers. What the hell caused you to go out there and do what you just did?"

"We just wanted to do something different," Leo replied. "You know, spice things up a bit."

"By performing ninja moves?" Hunter scoffed. "That was the worst display I have ever seen. Vince, if you have any sense in you, you'll fire all of these guys."

"On the contrary, Hunter, I will not," Splinter replied. "These boys did as they were supposed to do and put on a good match."

"But the fans hated it!" Hunter protested. "You definitely have to admit it was a disaster."

"Yes, but you yourself have sometimes performed in subpar matches, Hunter," Splinter reminded him. "We all have off days and I am sure these boys will recover and put on a better match next time. I feel they did a fine job and accomplished what they set out to do."

"Whatever! " Hunter scoffed. "You do what you want, but I think they should be fired."

After Hunter left, Splinter turned to his sons. "Are you all right, my sons?" he asked.

"We'll live, Sensei," Leo replied. "We've been through worse than this."

"Yeah, but I can't wait to have my body back," Don added.

"Dudes, that was awesome!" Mikey gushed. "Well, except for the whole Shield thing. Those guys like to hold a grudge."

"Well, it didn't help that you played a prank on them, Mikey," Raph reminded him. "And what was with that yelling, too? You know Daniel Bryan doesn't say that."

"Hey, I've always wanted to do that so I did!" Mikey protested.

"Okay, enough arguing," Leo demanded. "Let's get showered and changed and get ready to meet John and the others."

22222

The Superstars waited until John's phone rang, indicating that Leo was calling him. John picked up and said, "Yeah?"

"John, it's Leo," Leo answered. "Did you watch the match?"

"We watched it and it sucked," John said. "You ready to get this mess cleaned up?"

"Yeah, we are," Leo said. "Meet us where we told you before. You know where that is?"

"I think we can find it," John replied. "Let's get this over with." He hung up and turned to the Superstars and Vince. "Okay that was Leo," he said. "Let's get this show on the road and get back to our bodies." He led the way out of the Lair and to the alley. It was finally time to get this mess over with and get back to where they belonged in their own bodies.

22222

"Okay, John said he'll meet us at the alley," Leo told his brothers. "Let's do this, boys."

"Aww, do we have to?" Mikey whined. "I kind of like being a human."

"Yes we do," Raph replied. "Move it, Shell Brain."

Leo led the way out of the arena and to the alley where they would meet the Superstars. If all went well, this ordeal would soon be a distant memory, and Leo and his brothers could go back to a normal life again as it should be.

A/N: And I'm going to end it here. Not the best ending but whatever. I'm not sure when the next chapter will be up, but I'll try and have it up as soon as I can. Next chapter will be the fight between the Turtles, Superstars, and the Kraang. Feel free to leave a review and have a shelltastic day.

>