



Chapter 42...



The group had made their way inside the gargantuan structure, and were proceeding down a large, long hallway. Natsu had the lead, keeping a watchful eye open for anything that looked like a trap. As the group walked along, there was an awkward silence that filled the air.

"...s-say.." Lucy tried to break the silence. "Do you know where we are going?" Feeling overwhelmed by the size of Nirvana's hallways, it felt like something was closing in around them.

"Hibiki said the legs were actual pipes. So I am assuming that there's a room that splits off into each spot. We'll keep heading towards the middle till we find branching paths. Plus, I think Hibiki planted a map in my head that would show me where to go." Natsu explained. "Wait..." Natsu suddenly stopped dead in his tracks. He turned around and counted them all. "Which of you received the timers and a map?" Natsu asked them all.

"Me." Gray said.

"I did? Oh, you're right!" Lucy voiced.

"Me too." Erza also said.

"I-I did." Wendy perked up.

"And me...so who's our sixth?" Natsu sweat dropped.

"~It would be I~*" A voice suddenly said behind them, prompting they all turn to it. It was Ichiya...tied up to a poll. "It is only natural I assist in such a serious matter." He tried to say proudly, even though his face was bruised and dirty, while crawling like a caterpillar towards them.


"ICHIYA..."
They all thought in unison, while beads of sweat ran down the back of their heads.

"You got caught?" Natsu said as he went over to help him.

"Yes!...er..more like I just woke up like this~*!" He tried to answer.

"Uh huh." Natsu nodded while untying him. "I suppose you make it a habit of tying yourself up before a nap." Natsu joked.

"Only if my honey, miss Erza would~*" He flashed her a grin that made her recoil, in disgust.

"Alright pal, lets get moving, the closer-"



(Greetings, young wizards...!)

A voice suddenly boomed in all their heads. They all tensed up at the sudden voice.

"Hey, did you guys-?" Lucy turned to them all.

"Yeah." Gray had a serious look.

"Carla?" Wendy cringed while holding her tightly.

"Is this...telepathy?" Carla was equally surprised.



(I must applaud your tenacity at making it this far! To think that mere children, would even set one foot upon Nirvana! You are to be commended!)

The voice continued booming.

(Allow me to introduce myself, I am the master of Oracion Seis, Zero!)



"Master?! You mean these guys had a master?!" Lucy said, worriedly.

"...Zero?" Natsu narrowed his eye.



(You're probably thinking that you actually have a chance at stopping Nirvana, but I have some bad news for you! My first target, Cait Shelter, is in firing range!)

He yelled with enthusiasm.

"N-no!" Wendy had a look of horror wash over her face.



(However, thanks to that pesky air ship, the alignment is slightly off, so it's destruction has been momentarily delayed. But as soon as Nirvana regenerates itself, I'll wipe it off the face of the map!)



"No...my guild." Wendy began shaking scared. "It's too late...it's over-"

"Don't listen to him Wendy! We're gonna stop this thing before that even happens!" Gray assured her.



(Oh yes, you're probably planning on destroying the lacrima all at once to effectively put Nirvana out of commission, however, I'm afraid that you will not succeed! For you see, I, am standing in one of those locations, and I assure you, I have no intention of going anywhere else! So if you want to stop Nirvana, you will have to go through me first!)

He cackled.

"He's watching one of them? That means...we have a one in six chance of running into him!" Lucy said while trying to recover from the sudden shock.

"So if Lucy or Ichiya runs into him, we're screwed." Natsu put a hand to his chin.

"WHAT MAKES YOU THINK I'M GONNA RUN INTO HIM!?" Lucy gawked.

"I'm only jokin' Luce. I'll take care of him." Natsu smiled.

"Are you sure? You fought several battles today, can you even go toe to toe with a guild master?" Jellal voiced.

"Well, I guess we'll have to find out then, won't we?." Natsu answered while proceeding forward.
"Wouldn't be the first time. Although, where the hell did this, Zero, come from?"
Natsu wondered.

"Look, up ahead!" Carla pointed out to a central room as they entered. There were two large, stone, open doorways leading in opposite directions.

"Looks like this is where we split up guys." Natsu said while looking into the left one.

"Split up...right." Lucy gulped nervously. Ever since Zero said he was lying in wait at one of the six lacrima's, she had a nerve-wracking fear that he was going to be at the one she was heading to.

"Don't worry Lucy. He's this way. I can sense magic build up in this direction. Maybe he's doing it on purpose?" Natsu raised an eyebrow.

"Oh, okay good... wai-I mea-bad! BAD! That's bad!" She didn't want any of them to run into him, but SHE definitely, did not want to run into him.

"Alright, lets knock this giant monstrosity into the ground! I'll take the left! Good luck guys!" Grey said, before him and Ichiya began heading out.

"I'm heading out, my honey~*! Wish me luck~*!" Ichiya flashed a pose before following Grey.

"...Mm. Be careful." Erza nodded.


"Mm! I can do this!"
Lucy mentally said, confidentially. She proceeded with the rest of them, leaving only the five others left.

"Lets go, Carla!" Wendy turned to her cat, and Carla sprouted her wings in a glittering flash, and carried Wendy down the corridor on the right.

"That leaves us with the last two..." Natsu said, and began heading out as well.

"Natsu." Erza said which prompted him to turn and face her. "...be careful."

"...yeah." Natsu said normally and left the two to the last lacrima.




Magnolia...



It was in the middle of the evening. Everyone was turning the lights off, getting ready to hit the hay, all except one. The light coming from one of the windows from Fairy Hills, was lit up. Flare was currently trying to brush her hair while moving it in easy-to-reach positions. As she stroked her crimson hair. She was lost in thought on the events that followed the day. She wondered if she got any better after her practice with Cana. She slowly stopped brushing, and placed her hair brush into her open drawer. She closed it and just laid back onto her bed, her red hair, draping all over her mattress. She stared at the ceiling for a while, wondering what she could do to get better.


"I wonder...if Natsu would think I got better? I trained a whole lot when I became a guild member. I should be able to help him out more now...right?"
She thought in her head while just sporting a tired frown.

"Excuse me." A voice suddenly made itself known, knocking on the door gently.

"Eh? Um, come in." Flare turned and sat up while facing her door. When the door opened, it was a young woman. Her outfit was mostly hidden by a brown cloak that partially hid her loose, white kimono, exposing her cleavage. "I-I am sorry. I'll go to bed soo-" Flare began to apologize, thinking it was one of her neighbors.

"Oh do not mind me, young lady. I actually wanted to have a chat with you." The eyes of this person seemed to have a hidden motive behind them. The lady smiled grimly.

"Me?" Flare was confused.

"I will not be long, I merely just wanted to converse with you on a subject that I know you're familiar with." She explained to Flare. Her timid eyes suddenly fell upon a weapon, nearly concealed in her sleeve. She couldn't help but feel nervous for some reason.

"Who...are you?" She gulped and asked while staring her dead in the eye, although somewhat scared.

"Mhmhmhmhm~! Fear not young maiden. I do not seek to make you uncomfortable. At least...not intentionally." She ominously said. Her words were ominous, as they exited her lips. "May I please enter?" She requested once more.

"Um, s-sure." Flare stood to the side and complied. She could feel her heart racing, as if this woman gave off a bad vibe. She was very worried about what this stranger wanted.

"Excuse me." She nodded gratefully. She entered and was observing the room. "Interesting...are you perhaps fascinated by the color red?" She noted the various red theme of objects in her room.

"Y..yes." Flare slowly closed the door.

"So am I. A lot of the crimson shade has come across my path. Housing..." She slowly brushed the walls while walking as her shoes echoed with every step. "...roses." She went on. "clothing..." She then reached the corner of the room and lowered her hand. "...Natsu Dranigon's blood." She suddenly said, prompting Flare to gasp in shock. "Ahahaha, fear not, I am no danger to you, as long as you don't make any noise to disturb the other guests." She turned and her face was revealed to be Ikaruga.

"H...

HAir-!?"





(SHIInng)



Flare was about to attack her, But before she could, Ikaruga's blade was at her throat in a mere instant. The metal blade, ringing from being drawn. It was the last thing all of her opponents heard.

"Shhhh, best no shouting now. I really have no desire to harm you. But if this gets out of hand...I would hate to color this room in any further shade of red." She threatened softly.

"...mmgh.." Flare knew danger when she saw it, and right now, it was staring her dead in the eyes. She couldn't move. Fear gripping, strongly, at what this person was going to do to her.

"It seems we understand one another. Correct?"

"..." Flare nodded, shakily. Ikaruga then sheathed her blade, as the piercing silver from Mugetsu slowly vanished. The sword was longer than Flare realized. Just how fast did she draw it?!

"Please, come sit down." Ikaruga pulled a rocking chair that Flare recently bought, and placed it in the center of her room. "I insist." She said in her normal tone. Flare bit her lip, and slowly approached the chair cautiously. "That's it. Just relax." She placed her hands on Flares shoulders as she gently pushed her down. Flare was not daring to look into her eyes again. They weren't hostile or threatening, but what terrified her most, was that they weren't! They were about as empty as the void...or Natsu's.

"Wh-what do you want?" Flare managed to get out of her mouth.

"I just want to converse with you. You seemed to be rather close to our mutual friend. I just wanted to know how much so." She explained as she massaged her shoulders. "He is rather illusive to the point I do not understand. But he did, however, seem to be rather close to you from what I observed."

"You...saw us?" Flare was surprised that she would be watched by someone she didn't know. In fact, this lady was just so random to her, she couldn't form a connection to anything that may have triggered this meeting!

"Mm. Like an overprotective male, protecting his favorite female."

"I..I'm not...his favorite. "She frowned.

"...Oh my. You are in love with him." Ikaruga made a surprised look.

"Lo-love?...I don't...I'm..." She was gripping her armrests.

"Oh no, this is good." Ikaruga quickly sat down on the bed and faced her with expectancy. "Tell me."

"...eh?" Flare was now confused.

"What do you fancy about him?" She crossed her legs while resting her long blade on her knees.

"He...I...(sob)..." Flare couldn't even think about that. The fear of dying was setting in.

"Oh, don't start with the tears. I feel like I'm threatening a child." She sighed. "How about we introduce ourselves first?" She put her sword behind her on the bed. And faced her with a simple smile. "I am Ikaruga. I fought with Natsu Dranigon not terribly long ago. We both sustained injury on one another." She opened her kimono slightly to show the scar on her side.

"C-Cherry-Hair...did that?" Flare sniffled and calmed her self momentarily.

"Cherry-Hair?...Mm. I lost to him, however. He used my own techniques on me, and I was given a lesson in defeat." She explained. "But then...he did something I am still puzzled by." She suddenly said while narrowing her eyes. "...he let me live."

"...?" Flare was now listening intently to her story.

"I mean...it was unexpectedly done. I was at his mercy...yet he did not..." She seemed to have a curious look on her face "...I suppose you can see my dilemma. I thought maybe you could provide some insight to his strange intentions." She finished while Flare blinked while trying to process everything she just said. In Flare's mind, this scary lady fought with Natsu, and was expecting him to kill her. But, Natsu doesn't kill anyone. At least, not in front of her. She didn't really know a terrible amount about him, other than his nice side, and that one time he snapped at Gray or Laxus. He was scary when he was like that, and she wanted to just remember how nice he was to her, and everyone.

"Cherry-Hair...doesn't kill people." Flare swallowed before answering. "At least...he wouldn't for no reason. " She was only assuming now at this point.

"Do two opponents need to have a reason to kill each other? It's only natural that one falls to the lesser." Ikaruga shrugged at such a simple answer.

"But...you are still alive." Flare pointed out.

"Yes...I do not know if it is because I was the lesser or...no. I lost. I just...have never lost a battle before. It has given me much to contemplate on since my encounter with him. He also may know about my previous life. And I have yet to hear the whole tale." She shrugged. "So, do tell me. What type of a person is he?" She asked with a smile.

"Umm.." Flare didn't know where to start at.




Nirvana...



Natsu had arrived at the entrance to one of the lacrima cores. Sure enough, the ball of crystal powering the monstrosity was present in the room. As well as a man, wearing a green military coat, brown boots, and dark blue pants. Most notable was the long, pale white hair, and red sinister eyes. An evil grin widened at the sight of Natsu arriving on the scene.

"Welcome maggot. Are you prepared for desolation, on a level that you've never seen?" He taunted.

"Hmph." Natsu scoffed as he stopped walking and stared at him head on. "I doubt you could show me something as little as that." He responded firmly.

"Interesting how the person that nearly killed this body, is the same to return to finish the job." Zero remained motionless.

"What?...YOU'RE Brain?" Natsu raised an eyebrow.

"Indeed. I am in fact known as Zero, the 'true face', of Brain." He introduced himself.

"So you went from a brown, tribal freakshow, to a pasty, red eyed, ghoul. So what makes you special? You gonna look me to death? I'm warning you, I have always won staring contests since I was 10." Natsu crossed his arms while cracking a smile.

"Hmm..? I can't tell, if you're actually putting up a brave front, or that you're bluffing. Surely you must have felt my magical power on you're way here?" Zero tilted his head slightly.

"As a matter of fact, I did. But, I'm not really worried about you, to be honest." Natsu made light of it.

"You would do best not to underestimate me, boy. I am much more powerful, than any opponent that you have ever faced."

"Is that why you hired the Bloody Jewel?" Natsu crossed his arms once more.

"...hmm..ah, yes. It would appear that there was some commotion about you. Rumors have it you took out four dark guilds, along with all their members." Zero recalled Brains memories.

"Actually, it was six. And I doubt anyone is gonna miss them." Natsu's expression darkened slightly. "Cause I sure don't."

"Heh! You really really are alike, aren't you?"

"We gotta go through this again?" Natsu sighed in annoyance and shook his head. "Look, I could care less about killing guys like you, because you're pure evil. And the worst part about it? The so-called 'Good guys', think that working with you, benefits them more, than simply fighting you. I disagree." Natsu looked him dead in the eye with a pissed off look.

"...You mean the alliance of pathetic guilds? Hahaha! You are such a hypocrite! You sound just like a dark mage!" Zero laughed.

"Everyone's a hypocrite, Zero. You know NOTHING, about me, so don't go telling me what I am."

"You kill anyone who gets in your way, don't you?"

"Only if I see it fit." Natsu replied firmly.

"I guess you really are the One-Eyed Dragon of Black Rift." Zero's magic pressure suddenly flared up. The entire room vibrated, and specks of dirt and rocks were being lifted into the air from the power that radiated from Zero. "Once I destroy you, I will be the most feared wizard of them all!" He proclaimed.

"You're not going to beat me, Zero." Natsu replied calmly.

"So you say! I can't even feel your magic power! To me, it's as if I am staring at an ant! Soon to be stepped on!" Zero suddenly generated a green magic energy into his hand, while he kept one hand behind his back.

"..." Natsu just stared.

"Heh!" Zero then moved his hand upward, and a green beam of dark magic, encircled by an unstable ring of orange energy, blasted out of the floor and hit Natsu.

"Ack!" Natsu grunted and recovered in mid-air. He wasn't thinking that Zero could just make the energy come out of the ground.
"How the hell did he do that? Maybe he's been laying a field around this room to project those attacks?"
Natsu speculated. He could feel Zero's magic power all over the place.
"He's not using his staff...perhaps this 'Zero' guy can use dark magic without a magic tool."


"Die!" Zero then whipped his hand out, and disks of energy shot rapidly toward Natsu. Natsu dashed to avoid the attacks and dove to dodge the last barrage. He rolled and stood up to face Zero.



"Dark Capriccio!"

Zero suddenly generated a long beam of dark energy, and it bent, and lashed out violently at Natsu like a destructive whip. Natsu hopped back to dodge. It was still, and the two faced each other.

"What's the matter, runt? You too afraid to strike back?" Zero smirked with confidence.

"Is this all you can do?" Natsu recomposed himself.

"Not even close!

"Dark Rondo!"

Zero suddenly held up both his hands and fired a long beam of green energy at Natsu.

"I thought so." Natsu said while pulling his fist back and engulfing it in flame.

"Azure Dragon's Fist!"

He slammed his hand into the attack head on, and punched the beam back toward Zero, along with a wave of flames. Zero widened his eye in surprise.



(EXPLOSION)



"Well color me impressed." Natsu said, while flexing his hand while the smoke cleared. "You took that one pretty well." He saw Zero holding his arms up in defense. He was pushed back from the attack about ten feet from his previous position.

"MAGNIFICENT!" He suddenly shouted with glee. "This power, THIS is what I wanted to destroy! Come, show me more!" He urged while shooting out more balls of energy at Natsu.

"Right..." Natsu uttered, and decided to get serious. He bent forth, and shot towards Brain in a burst of speed. All the dark magic balls missed him, and he was now up in Zero's face. He clenched both fists at the same time, and thrust them both onto Zero's stomach.

"Azure Dragon's Hammer Thrust!"

A blast of flames enhanced his striking power, and he sent Zero flying into a wall with an explosive crash.

"..." Natsu slowly stood straight and awaited his next attack. Zero jumped into the air, and was still raring to go. The look in his eyes were that of someone enjoying the fight.



"Dark Capriccio!"

He fired another beam from his hand, and then landed on the ground. Natsu dodged the beam to the side, and now Zero and him were close. Zero threw a strong punch toward Natsu, and Natsu round house kicked his fist to deflect the strike. The resulting shock wave from the two strikes, destroyed the ground below them. Zero threw his other fist out, and landed a solid hit on Natsu's chest, and then spun around to fire a beam with his other hand at Natsu. A blast of dark green energy exploded on contact with Natsu, and made him go skipping across the ground. Natsu grunted and slowly got up.

"MORE!" Zero was now charging Natsu. As Natsu got on one knee, he quickly thrust his hand out with his fingers outstretched. He landed a strike on Zero's stomach.



"Fang Thrust!"



"Agh!" Zero yelped as he took the attack and stumbled back. Natsu jumped and spun his body in mid-air, and his elbow ignited.



"Azure Dragon's Hack Jaw!"

His elbow connected with Zero's face, and knocked Zero down with a loud impact.

"Azure Dragon's Claw!"

He ignited his foot, and kicked Zero to the other side of the room. Zero slid back, but recovered back on to his feet. When he got to a stop, he coughed.

"Venigon always told me to kick em' while they're down. It makes getting back on their feet twice as hard. But you take my attacks like a damn wall." Natsu clicked his tongue.

"Heheheh! Mere brute force will not be enough to satisfy me!" He laughed while brushing his coat off.

"MERE brute force? I know I cracked at least one of your ribs." Natsu held his hand up clenched it.

"Hmph! Pain is invigorating! I only get stronger the more I fight!" Zero declared.

"Oh, okay then. Let's see how chipper you are when I thump your ass into outer space!" Natsu made a blank, but threatening look.

"Taunt all you wish, I welcome every blow that you can muster against me!" Zero urged him to continue.

"Oh, really? In that case, try THIS!" Natsu yelled the last word, and punched forward. A stream of fire was sent toward Zero like a tornado of flames. Zero responded in kind, and fired his magic at the flames. However, Natsu's flames overtook his attack, and headed straight for him. Zero jumped out of the way and headed towards Natsu again. As the two engaged in close combat again, Natsu was clearly the superior fighter. He caught Zero's arm, and crushed it in between his elbow, and knee. Then made several quick strikes to his other arm. Rendering his arms unable to counter, Natsu then punched with both his fists at the same time, and struck Zero on the chest, and abdomen. The force of the blow pushed Zero back and gripping his arm. His smile was disappearing, and was now making a concerned look.


"Those attacks are not one of a mere fighter. He was targeting my arms pressure points."
Zero noted that Natsu paralyzed his arms for a good few seconds before forcing him back.

"Not so fun when you start losing, is it?" Natsu crossed his arms.

"Your moves and precision in your strikes...you've had training. But not just by any teacher." Zero suddenly said.

"..." Natsu just blinked.

"You know how to disable a wizard. Interesting. Each strike stunned my nerves from my wrist, to my biceps." Zero also went on. "A wizard's main form of using magic is with their hands. But you stunned me long enough to use a finishing blow."

"Technically, that was to dislocate your arm, completely. But yur' a cut above the usual scum I normally tangle with." Natsu explained vaguely.

"Hmph." Zero popped his arm back in place with a loud crack. "I have heard the stories of dragon slayers of old. They are said to have been able to bring forth the strength of a dragon. Tell me, do you possess that potential?"

"I possess the potential of a Lost Dragon Slayer." Natsu corrected.

"Lost?" Zero raised an eyebrow.

"The Prime Dragons are the oldest and most powerful of their race. Among'st thousands of dragons, only 20 of them existed. I had the privilege of being taught Dragon Slayer Magic by one of them. But I wasn't taught just how to use their magic, I was taught how to kill them as well." Natsu said, while creating a massive ball of flame above him. Natsu then firmly put, "But I can also destroy a wizard. That, I promise you." His eye went slightly red, as the cold words left his mouth.

"Very well then. I will have to destroy you once and for all!" Zero declared with a gleam in his eyes. Suddenly the room got heavy with vibrations, and the light around them seem to get darker.

"...hm?" Natsu narrowed his eye.
"This magic pressure...dark magic? Remind's me of Jose's."
Natsu watched intently what he was doing.

"Prepare to be sent to the the nether world! Disappear into nothingness!" He shouted. Ghost-like apparitions gathered by the hundreds around Zero. He held his hands out.

"Genesis Zero!"

He uttered. The ghosts suddenly charged toward Natsu, like a massive wave of evil intent.

"..." Natsu narrowed his eye and held his hand out in front of him. The azure fireball engulfed him, and then Zero's attack hit him. Natsu disappeared in a sea of eerie cries as the ghosts overcame him and his fireball.

"HAhahahaha!" Zero cackled at his favorite spell. "You were all talk "Lost" Dragon Slayer. Now you truly are lost! In the void of damnation!" He said smugly while watching his ghosts enveloping Natsu still.

"..." Away from their fight, was a spectator keeping watch of their fight. It was Treya Duella. She kept her presence hidden very well. Peeking out a small hole in the wall she made. She kept a blank expression while watching intently. When that last attack hit Natsu she simply blinked and bowed her head.


"What an arrogant fool you are..."
She was thinking. Things were looking grim for Natsu now.

...

...

...

Or, at least that's what Zero thought...


"...Zero."
Treya finished her thought.

"Hm?" Zero realized his ghosts were still there, and didn't disappear. "What is...he should be enveloped into nothingness." He was greatly confused. Suddenly, the ghosts were getting restless, and a blue light glinted. Suddenly the whole structure began shaking. Zero took a step back instinctively. He looked down at his foot, and was confused why he did so. Fear? Impossible. He was incapable of feeling fear. Anxiety? From some opponent he defeated? If anything, it brought him joy. He looked back toward the mass of souls, and he widened his eyes. Raging flames were bursting forth, and burning away his magic. He then felt a pressure of magic flood the room that he had not sensed before.




Nirvana, lacrima core 2...



"Huh!?" Gray felt a cold drop of sweat roll down his neck. He was about to begin preparation for the synchronized strike on Nirvana. "This magic...where did it-?! Is that Zero's?!" He felt like a demon god or something was in another part in Nirvana.




Nirvana, lacrima core 3...



"What is...this feeling? I'm...cold." Wendy collapsed from the sudden power she felt engulfing the halls and rooms.

"Wh-what is this dark intent I feel!?" Carla was wide eyed and was shaking.




Nirvana, lacrima core 4...



"...what is this? Zero's power?" Erza and Jellal were standing in one of the lacrima rooms, and they both were shocked.

"...no...this feeling...it feels different." Jellal looked into the empty hallway.




Nirvana, Lacrima core 5...



"What on earth-land...?!" Lucy cringed. "Is that...Zero's magic power I feel?" She was trying to stand up, but she felt like a monster was at her back. She didn't want to look back, for fear of what was behind her.




Nirvana, lacrima core 6...



"Meeen...what foul intent." Ichiya said while breathing heavily.


"What!?" Zero yelled. Baffled that a blue fireball was forcing the ghosts off. It instantly incinerated the ghosts that came into contact with Natsu's flames. Suddenly, a fiery explosion enveloped the area around Natsu, and there he stood in a geyser of his fire. His eye was red, and his expression was narrowed. He slowly lowered his arm to his side, and the flames vanished. The air around them was now calm, as if the monstrous magic power making everyone tremble had vanished.

"Haaaaa..." Natsu exhaled, and steam left his mouth. He calmed himself, and he focused back onto Zero.

"...not possible. No...unbelievable." Zero was spouting while sweat dripped down his face. "You burned away my magic...?!" He couldn't fathom how this puny dragon slayer could just brush off his ultimate attack like it was nothing.

"...heh." Natsu softly scoffed. "To think I'd taste that feeling again.." Natsu smiled slightly while closing his eye. "This whole trip...to think that it rekindled THAT, part of me." Natsu looked back and his eye turned back to normal. "Zero...you think just because I don't seem threatening, that I wouldn't be much of an opponent." Natsu said to him while Zero made a confused look. "But that's really a thing of mine. I have complete control over my magic aura, and I can choose to let it loose at any time. My magic container houses more than enough magic to blast this infernal super weapon off the face of the continent, because I keep it in check." Natsu stated sternly. "Every single one of you so called guild 'masters', think alike. The magic power you have spilling out of your bodies, you use it for intimidation.." Natsu went on. "I trained for years. Honing my body, my mind, and my magic. I learned various techniques, on how to contain and regenerate my magic." He explained. "As you just felt, my magic pressure is too dark to let out, without making someone tremble. You think you have more power than me because you couldn't sense mine...well, what do you think now?"

"Who's trembling, you...?" Zero gritted his teeth. "If you had this much magic, why are you keeping it sealed away?!"

"...the whole reason I do this...is to make sure I have enough power, to kill a dragon." Natsu said the last part while making a serious glare. "It's on that day, I can finally let loose."

"...a...dragon?" Zero suddenly made a blank look.

"..."

"..."

"..."

"...HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" Zero suddenly laughed loudly at Natsu's answer. "AAHHHAAHAHAHAHAHA! What day, and age are you living in boy? Dragons have died off hundreds of years ago! They're extinct! Destroyed long ago by the war that ravaged Earth-Land!" Zero made a sadistic grin. "They had their chance, but fate chose to make them disappear forever! Human's are who came out on top! We are the dominant species now! It's a shame really though..." Zero bowed slightly. "I would have liked to go back, and destroy them myself."

"...you really think that you would even last a second?" Natsu said suddenly which prompted Zero to stop laughing.

"No. I think, a dragon wouldn't last a second against me! You are living in a deluded fantasy Natsu Dranigon! There are no dragon's, let alone "Lost", dragons in this day and age. They are now just a story that children listen to for fun! The fact you think that you would even find any sign of a dragon, let alone killing one, is just pathetic." He pointed.

"Dragons still live on. I was raised by one. He was my family...he was my teacher...He was my reason for living. Before another one took his life." Natsu clenched his fist. "I was there, when he died. I swore I would avenge him, no matter what. So I will keep fighting, I will keep training, and I will remember everyday why I still draw breath, until I finally kill that fucking dragon. THAT, is the difference between you and me!" Natsu coldy growled.

"Such a frightening stare. So the whole reason, you are here, is because the one you cared about was too weak to defend himself. Doesn't sound like the power of a dragon to me." Zero scoffed. "Tell me, what other lies do you tell yourself, and your friends, that make you fe-"



(WHAM)





(CRASH)



"AAAAGGHAA!" Zero felt a heavy hit to his chest, and it sent him flying toward the wall, crashing through it, and seven others like it. He stopped skipping along the ground, and coughed up blood. "Wha...?!" Zero looked at his blood on his hand. He looked down and saw his chest bleeding. Natsu punched it so hard, that the skin broke, and shattered his ribs. He looked back up and he saw a very angered Natsu who had a demonic presence surround him. His eye had reverted to the red, reptilian slit.

"You think my dragon was weak?! I will send you a one way ticket to oblivion, you asshole! So you can tell him that yourself!" Natsu shouted angrily.

"...Heh! DIEEEEEEE!" Zero smiled crazily, and shot toward Natsu, and the two collided fists back in the room. Natsu overpowered him, and he grabbed Zero, and threw him into the wall. He then inhaled.

"Azure Dragon's Roar!"

Natsu bellowed, and a massive tornado of flames erupted out of his mouth, and hit Zero, in a violent explosion. Natsu suddenly realized, he had a few seconds left to destroy the lacrima. He grabbed Zero after he hit the ground and threw him up. He then ignited his leg, and then jumped up with great force.



" Blue Tempest: Azure Dragon's Destruction Talon!"

His knee connected with Zero's back, and a flame shot Zero up at the lacrima, leaving an arc of flames trailing behind him. Zero smashed through the lacrima, and through the ceiling with great force. He was still engulfed in flames, and suddenly he crashed into one last ceiling, before falling back down. His eyes went white, and his clothes were nearly burned off. He had bruising all over his body, and seared flesh on his back. He fell until he hit the ground in a loud crash.

"..(Pant)...(pant)..(pant)...shit." Natsu fell back and sat on the ground. He was breathing heavily, and his heart rate was beating so fast. But mostly, he was trying to calm down. Whenever someone got under his skin, like, REALLY, got under his skin, he was normally intent on killing that person in destructive rage. He looked at his hand and then dropped it to his lap. He crossed his legs slowly and hung his head down. Slowly breathing. "...(pant)...(pant)...(pant)...you just had to say that." Natsu shook his head while remembering Zero's insult towered Venigon. He felt the whole structure rumbling, and he smiled.
"Looks like they all did their part."
He heard someone land on the ground, and he slowly looked up to see Treya staring down at him.

"..."

"..."

"I must seem kinda strange."

"..." Treya listened.

"As much as I want to be a good guy, I feel like everything "good" I do is having an opposite effect."

"..."

"Hmph. I really am just pathetic." He cracked a half smile while shaking his head.

"...you defended your dragon's honor. That is not pathetic." Treya assured him.

"I'm not gonna let someone insult my dragon and get away with it. I believe in that title, and the pride Venigon had given me with it." Natsu blinked while the place slowly fell apart around them. "He always told me that titles were just words with no weight. But..." He snickered softly. "..Lost Dragon Slayer, carries some solid pride with it, doesn't it?" He made a saddened smile when he looked down, but noticed a shadow of her hand reaching towards him. He looked back up at her.

"Then get up and show everyone." Treya said with a slight smile.

"...Mm." Natsu nodded, and took her hand.



Sorry for the late update! I had to re-write this, because I realized the last idea I had wouldn't make much sense, lol. Anyway, I hope I wrapped the fight up okay. Hope you enjoyed it, once again!



Read/Review/Rate!



Laters!


>