



Chapter 43...



The whole place was shaking and coming down. After a synchronized strike to all of Nirvana's weak points, the gargantuan structure was about to collapse. Everyone was doing their best to get out of this place, before becoming buried alive. Natsu and Treya were dashing up through an escape route she prepared, and were almost clear of the massive weapon. As they ran alongside each other, they were in the midst of conversation.

"Well that guy was a pushover." Natsu said scoffed arrogantly.

"It would appear my concerns were not needed." Treya said in a monotone-like fashion.

"You'll get your money when we get out of here." He figured she was implying the money he owed her.

"I'll be more at ease whe-?!" She was about to finish. But suddenly, the tunneled-out crystal passageway she made collapsed at the end, effectively blocking their escape. "Damn." She clicked her tongue.

"I got it." Natsu dashed ahead of her. He then jumped forward and gathered flames in his hand.



"Azure Dragon's..."






(LOUD EXPLOSION)





"...BURNING KNUCKLE!"

Natsu finished after a large hole blasted open to outside. Treya caught up to him and slid to a stop as they looked down at the forest.

"Quick thinking." She praised.

"Jump!" Natsu shouted as the hole structure came falling into the ground. They jumped out toward the forest and they quickly approached the ground as Nirvana came crashing into the earth. They both landed with a crash, but, unfazed, they ran away from the shock wave it produced around it. The destruction was on their tails.

"This might be a bit rough." Treya looked back and the debris ripping towards them was nearly overshadowing them.

"Errrgh...Alright! Time to turn this up a notch!" He scowled as he came to a stop and faced the approaching debris.

"Eh?" Treya turned to him with a confused tone.



"Blue Tempest: Azure Dragon's Destruction Roar!"

Natsu inhaled deeply, and let out a massive tornado of fire, blocking and blasting the debris away from them in a straight line. He used full power, and it looked like a massive blue, fiery beam shot out from the distance. The destruction heading toward them came to a halt, or rather, was ashes by the time it reached them. It was like a heated, never ending, trail of molten earth. It pierced a hole through Nirvana, and straight into the mountain ahead of them. Natsu collapsed to his knees, and Treya suddenly raised her arms.



"Crystal Dragon's Diamond Wall!"

Suddenly two massive walls of shining blue crystal erupted out of a magic circle that encompassed the area. It stopped the debris from the sides of them, and kicked up dust. When it cleared Treya lowered her arms, and the large, blue, magic circle vanished. Her crystal walls shattered, and the held up earth fell down, and remained motionless once again. She exhaled and looked around for Natsu. He was lying on the ground while breathing slowly. She walked over and bent down to examine his state.

"...(pant)...(pant)...okay...(pant)...that might have been...a bit...too much." Natsu said blandly as he tried to sit up.

"That was a full powered fire dragon roar, was it not?" Treya asked as she helped him sit up.

"Sorta...the Flames of Destruction are one of the most powerful dragon flames. I don't use them unless I get desperate." He explained as he regained his breath.

"If you have that much magic in reserve, why didn't you finish Brain off with that?" Treya asked as she looked him in the eye. That was probably the most powerful fire magic spell she ever saw. If Brain got hit by that, he would have been ashes.

"Venigon...my dragon, told me to only use full power when I come across a dragon. Plus, I didn't need that much to beat Brain. I gotta be ready to face off against a certain dragon that could pop up at anytime. I keep a large portion suppressed. You just saw me tap into it." Natsu explained as they looked at the destruction he wrought. "But damn, I probably should have dialed down, I get vulnerable after using one of those spells. In the off-chance that wasn't enough, I'd'a been buried" He suddenly said.

"...I cannot tell if that was brilliance or recklessness." She blinked.

"Heh, maybe a mix of both? I am crazy after all." He chuckled softly.

"A bit strange as well." Treya closed her eyes and smiled slightly.

"...well I can't deny certain parts of that." Natsu said as he stood up. "Alright. Since this whole shtick is FINALLY over, I'm gonna check on my friends, then head back to Magnolia. What time did you want to pick up the jewels?" Natsu asked.

"I will be there in two days time. I-?!" She suddenly narrowed her eyes slightly and turned her head. "There is a number of soldiers approaching. They're not headed toward us though." She could hear the numerous footsteps rushing through the woods.

"Eh? Wait a minute...this scent...(sniff), reminds me of the armor polish from the barrack-!?" Natsu widened his eye in recognition. "Those are soldiers from the council! What the hell are they doing here?" Natsu suddenly sported an annoyed look. "I gotta go Treya. I'll see you in Magnolia in two days. I'll be at the guild at 12:00. I got to go see what this is about."

"..." Treya was silent as he rushed toward his friends. She then looked once more at the damage he did, and then disappeared into the darkness.


One by one, the injured and weary mages that participated in the alliance had returned. Oddly, Jura returned with Hoteye, who seemed a lot less hostile, and more courteous towards them. After Nirvana switched the personality of him, he seemed to be a lot more jolly. Erza and Jellal were having a moment to themselves, while the others were greeting each other. Everything seemed to be turning out okay...until suddenly a rune wall surrounded them.

"What's going on?" Lucy asked, shocked to see them trapped.

"Front and center!" A voice suddenly shouted. As if on cue, dozens of robe-garbed men appeared with the council rune presented on each of their outfits. There seemed to be a man who stood out among them. It was a young man with black hair tied up, and wearing glasses. "Wizards, I am Lahar, leader of 4th Custody Enforcement Unit of the new Magic Council. Jellal Fernandes, for your heinous crimes against the previous magic council, I am placing you under arrest." He ordered.

"Huh? What are saying!?" Gray protested. Jellal bowed his head in shame, and Erza was shocked.

"Please, wait just a minute!" Wendy pleaded. "He helped us take down Nirvana and Oracion Seis!"

"Wendy..." Carla frowned.

"Don't worry, I won't resist arrest. I will come quietly." Jellal assured them.

"..." Jura just didn't sit right with this. The council's orders were not in the wrong, but the situation...

"Regardless, I am ordered to arrest him on sight! Cease him. If any of you interfere, I'll be forced to place you under arrest as well." He ordered. And before anyone knew it, Jellal was already in cuffs. He looked once more back at Erza and smiled slightly, sadly. Erza was hiding her expression, debating on what to do. It wasn't fair. After helping them stop Nirvana, she figured it would be a great fresh start for him, and the people he hurt. Remorse was all he showed to her, convincing her that he was not entirely to blame for his past sins. She wondered if there was another hand that had a play in this. But right now, it twisted her gut to see him leave her again.

"This...isn't right." Wendy trembled as tears fell down her face. "He helped, so why didn't...?" She muttered.

"Erza..." Lucy looked to her guild member with sorrow in her heart. She could only imagine the pain Erza felt to lose someone she cared about, again.

Jellal was halfway to the wagon.

"Well, well, well." Natsu's voice suddenly sounded as he came out of the woods with his arms crossed.

"Who's there?" Lahar demanded, but suddenly a shocked expression appeared on his face, as everyone looked to see him coming out of the shadows.

"Natsu.." Lucy was relieved to see him show up. He walked past Jura, Hoteye, and Erza, not so much as glancing in any of their directions. He stopped right between his guildmates, and Lahar's soldiers.

"Natsu Dranigon."

"Dranigon?"

"The One-Eyed Dragon?!"

"The reserve Saint!?" The subordinates of Lahar were very tense when Natsu revealed himself. They heard the stories of Natsu, and it kept them holding their weapons tightly.

"Settle down! I will handle this." Lahar calmed his men and stepped forward. "Natsu Dranigon." He greeted.
"When did he undo my Rune?"


"Lahar was it?" Natsu asked.


"What is Natsu-san going to do?"
Wendy watched in anticipation.

"We have no quarrel with you, but we are here for Jellal." He opened with.

"Yeah, the anti-magic cuffs are a dead giveaway." Natsu sarcastically put. "You need this many guys to arrest him?" Natsu looked around.

"Jellal is incredibly dangerous. I'm not taking chances with this one." Lahar put.

"Clearly you're underestimating this guy's capabilities." Natsu scoffed. "I remember when you guys fired the Etherion at me, Erza and Jellal." Natsu recalled.

"That issue is no longer a problem."

"Well, I'm still kinda pissed at that." Natsu spit. "Next time your bosses pick a target, make sure I'm not on it. Unless that was the point." Natsu argued.

"I cannot comment on the actions of the old council, but I am here to take Jellal in. That is that." Lahar finished.

"..." Natsu was silent.

"Please let us go about our business. And we will let you go about yours." Lahar reasoned.

"Yeah. You do that..." Natsu said, and Jellal was proceeding to the wagon. "Y'know, I find it a bit strange how you knew he was here." Natsu suddenly said.

"Eh?" Lucy and Erza turned to him.

"We have resources." Lahar ominously put.

"Yeah, but not that good." Natsu countered.

"I fail to see what you are saying." Lahar narrowed his eyes.

"I'm just saying, unless you guys have a crystal ball that shows you everything happening around the world, then there is no way you knew that we came across Jellal. Of course it's just your words against mine, but, I know how the council works." Natsu closed his eye. "...well whatever. Just let your bosses know, that if they want to keep that council together, to not mess with me. Frankly, I'm getting sick and tired of you guys poking your noses where they don't belong."

"You're threatening me, Natsu Dranigon?" Lahar responded calmly.

"Why does everyone take everything I say as a threat?" Natsu threw his arms up and wondered.

"Because of the way you talk." Lucy sweat dropped.

"I don't need to threaten you Lahar. You do not matter to me. As long as it's not unreasonable, I don't mind playing along with whatever scheme you guys are acting, but...on the off chance that the council tries to hinder me, or interfere with my business, AGAIN...they should know I don't have to threaten them to know what I can do to them." Natsu glared with an empty expression. Lahar sweated slightly. He had read up on Natsu's work, when he was working with the council for months, before rejecting their offer to make him one of the ten.

"Look here, Natsu Dranigon. I did not come here to argue about your quarrels with the way we do things, but to see a criminal pay for his crimes." Lahar reminded him.

"...teh, fair enough...
as far as response time goes, they got here really quick...did one of us tell them?"
Natsu thought the last part and looked to each of his comrades. He then sighed and walked over to Lahar and his men were backing away slightly as the two sized each other up. The others were puzzled by their reactions.


"It's like they're...afraid of him or something."
Lucy observed as she swallowed. She felt like one wrong move was gonna make this end badly.


"What the hell is with this guy? Natsu seems to have a beef with them to."
Gray mentally noted as he kept his hands ready to Ice-Make in case things got ugly. He wasn't sure what was happening, but he was ready to defend his friends if it came down to it.

As Natsu stared Lahar dead in the eye, he asked him a question. "If you take him, what happens to him?"

"He will be imprisoned indefinitely." Lahar answered.

"No death sentence?"

"I cannot say. Once he's there, he'll be lucky if a life sentence is all he gets."

"...hm." Natsu then turned away and walked back to his friends with his eye closed.

"From what I understand..." Lahar suddenly spoke up as Natsu stopped and opened his eye slightly. "..you had a dislike for him, from what the report says. Are you concerned about his well being?"

"..." Natsu looked at Erza who was sporting a worried look. "...that's none of your business." Natsu proceeded to walk back over to Wendy and stood behind her.

"Are we really gonna ...not do anything?" Wendy asked him with a saddened look.

"...they won't kill him. He'll just be imprisoned." Natsu answered. He knew how the whole subjugation process worked with these shifty units. If they were gonna kill Jellal, it would be right here and now.

"Still-!"

"Are you really gonna just let them have their way with him!?" Gray asked Erza who was gritting her teeth.


"...I can't...I can't let him go!"
Erza was just infuriated at how Jellal was just getting the short end of the stick.

"Please! He wasn't aware of his actions! He really tried to help! Please, don't take him away forever!" Wendy sobbed and cried. Natsu looked at Wendy and could feel nothing but pity for her. Why was she crying for Jellal? What was the point? This guy was not anyone special. How could they forgive him so easily?! Surely Erza at the most didn't forget all those horrible things he did to her? Natsu thought maybe her head was still in the clouds because of how she still had feelings for him. But this was probably for the best. At least he wouldn't be a problem anymore. But something about this just felt off. This was an outcome he accepted, but something was still irking him. As time passed, Natsu was remembering something Venigon told him a while ago.



"Tell me. Is your vengeance fulfilling?"



"..."



"I see. And how do you feel?"



"...I..don't know..."



"Now that you've tasted killing, you must now have no regrets."



"They deserved it."



"Of course young one. But, is there any regret?"



"...yes."



"Why?"



"Because it shouldn't have...I...I..."



"..."



"I...killed them all...and I feel no different."



"That's because you chose to live with their deaths."



"I made the wrong choice?"



"Would you rather I make the choice for you?"



"...no."



"As I shouldn't. I would support you. But I would not make your decision on whether someone lives or dies. This was your burden. So you have the right to decide."



"Shouldn't you try to stop me from doing stupid things, anyway?"



"What do I know that's best for you? Sometimes illogical reasoning is the only reasoning that matters."



"...as if there would be a person like that."



Natsu was in conflict with himself. Fresh start? Don't joke around. As far as this goes, it was difficult to just believe in someone who tried to hurt you, and the things you cared about. No amount of sorry was gonna solve this.


"...just leave him. He doesn't deserve it...he...he...fuck...why do these guys turn a blind eye to that stuff?! I just can't accept it...I...I...I..."


...

...

...

...

...

...

Jellal was just a few steps away from boarding the wagon.

"You bastards! He's one of us! You can't just take him because without hearing him out!" Gray was starting to get rowdy. Five of Lahar's men were trying to hold him back.

"Don't do it!" Wendy cried as a soldier held her arm, so she wouldn't interfere.

"Release her at once, you brute!" Carla was scratching and socking the man holding Wendy.

"Do you not see that he is no threat? He even tried to use his own life to stop Nirvana, and you wish for him to come quietly?" Jura was starting to flare up with magic power out of anger.

"Hold them back!" Lahar shouted, see how they were getting out of control.

"It pain's me~*! But if you take him away, it will only hurt Erza More~*!" Ichiya flexed with his burly body before pummeling a couple of Lahar's men.

"..." Erza was touched that her friends were trying to help her out, but she didn't want them to pay the price as well her face was saddened as she hid it from them. Natsu just watched them and bowed his head in annoyance.


"...what the fuck? I should have just stayed at the guild."
Natsu's eyes were hidden by the shadow of his hair as he scowled at himself. His teeth were clenched behind his lips and he re-quipped his sword, not noticed by anyone, except Erza. She widened her eyes and saw his eye color turn red. His hand on his sword handle, and his other on the scabbard. What happened next was something completely unexpected.

"...never a dull moment.." Natsu said to himself. He then tapped his sword onto the ground, making the entire area erupt around them in a explosion from his magic power.



(EXPLOSION)



"WAHHHHHHH!"

"WHAT THE-!?"

"HOW-!?"

"GYAAA!"

Everyone around Natsu was caught in the blast. In the distance, it looked like a massive dirt cloud kicked up in the area. He made sure to not use too much magic power in his strike to do anything lethal...or at least to his standard. It was so unexpected, no one knew what the hell happened. It took them all by surprise, they didn't know where the attack came from. So much dirt cloud was in the area, and a lot of Lahar's soldiers were lying down from falling a great height from the force of the explosion.

"What-(cough), SECURE THE PRISONER!" Lahar ordered to his men, but they were still confused and disorientated.

"What just hit us?!" Gray shouted.

"Wendy, are you alright?!" Carla asked, equally as confused.

"Fumu~ most quite unexpected." Hoteye said as he lied down on his side, but still in high spirits.

"What...was...that?" Lucy's eyes were spiraling and she was down for the count.

"Lucy, are you okay?!" Gray asked.

"Ye-yes~!" She she sheepishly responded.

"Wendy, are you okay?!" Carla called out.

"I'm here Carla..." Wendy responded, while shielding her eyes from the dust. She was un-effected by the eruption from the ground, much to her surprise.

"Look around! Does anyone have a clear view of the prisoner?!" Lahar barked as the cloud of dirt was starting to settle. When it finally cleared out, everyone was on the ground, save for a few. Jura had protected himself in a rock dome, and collapsed it when it was safe.
"Hmmm...was that magic I felt disturb the ground?"
Jura thought while looking around.

"He's gone!" One of the soldiers shouted in dismay. Sure enough, Jellal's restraints were cut open, and he vanished from the area in a flash. Natsu was also gone. Erza frantically looked everywhere.


"Did...Natsu take Jellal?! Wh-why? What is he planning on doing?!"
Erza was the only one who caught a glimpse of Natsu, before vanishing in a massive cloud of smoke.




Elsewhere...



"...ugh.." Jellal had just slowly woken up from being knocked out. As his eyes adjusted, he realized it was still night time. He couldn't have been out long. It looked like he was on a cliff side, on the edge of a forest. When he squinted his eyes, he saw Natsu sitting on a stump with his back facing him.

"...you know? I hate this." Natsu suddenly said. "Knowing when to draw the line for people. Everything to me just seems easier when it's just black or white. That whole grey area bullshit is what makes me question whether I know what's right or wrong. Redemption? Second chances? Forgiveness? I don't know. What I do know, is that if an enemy shows up before me, I will destroy it." Natsu said as Jellal sat back against a tree. "But this whole...forgive and forget the bad guys thing... I never can just, 'forget', those things."

"Why did you not let me board the wagon?" Jellal asked calmly.

"...I have my own views about this."

"I see."

"I'm leaning towards killing you right here and now." Natsu said as his eye was an emotionless red color.

"Whats stopping you? I won't resist. And quite frankly, after the things I did to Erza, I should just disappear." Jellal frowned, while agreeing with him.

"It's a bit late for that. Erza already knows you are alive and well." Natsu said as he sat up, his back still facing him.

"I...I know I don't deserve to live...but, when she found me again...she scolded me, when I tried to die." Jellal smiled sadly while recalling.

"Yeah...using my own words against me, she's gotten kinda cheeky." Natsu said while exhaling with frustration.

"Your words?"

"Dying is the cowards way out." Natsu reminded. "I don't know what it is...that Wendy, and Erza see in you...but it eludes me." Natsu face palmed and wiped his face downward. "I stay my hand, Jellal, because for some reason, I made the choice, I'm about to, long ago. And it only ended with me, drenched in blood." Natsu looked at his hand. He then stared out at the moon with a bored expression. "But, I don't think it will end the same here. It will probably be even worse." Natsu recalled the day his 'vengeance' took place.




Flashback...



"..."

"YOu-blegh!...you...damned...monster...I should have killed...you when I was in the villi-"

(SHIIING)

"UGhh...bleaghgghhhhhhhhh..."

"..." Natsu just looked at the blood off a sword he was using, right after running through a man with one eye and bald head. He stood there. In a flaming building, riddled with battle damage and numerous corpses. They all looked to be killed with fire based attacks, and, or, were missing arms, legs, or a head. " Natsu was was only in his early teens at this time, and he had learned enough, to strike out for this particular group of people.

"..yeah...why didn't you?" Natsu muttered to himself. He made his way out of the burning structure. As he did, a large, round, wooden, insignia of a fractured skull with two arrows coming out it's eyes, fell apart after burning for too long.


Natsu walked through the the massive camp he assaulted, and just stared at the ground. After killing the leader, and his lackeys, he thought he might have felt a lot better. But he just felt even more empty. The feeling was still the same.

"...k-k-kid..." A random person who survived the onslaught reached out.


"He's still alive?"
Natsu thought while staring in his direction.

"I...gotta know...why?" He requested.

"...why? You took away everything from me. And know, I've taken away everything from you guys." Natsu answered with an angered look.

"T-taken...? What...?" He was slowly slipping in and out of consciousness.

"7 years ago...you murdered and robbed an entire village...sound familiar?" Natsu said as his onyx eye slowly was turning red.

"Seven...years?"

"It doesn't...matter. It's over..." He clenched his fist.

"...you...you're that kid that stabbed the boss... in the eye?" He slowly recognized Natsu.

"..." Natsu just blinked. His eye color was now a crimson red.

"Teh, I knew...it was only... a matter of time...before we...we...couldn't have anymore fun~."

"...just...
DIE!"
Natsu suddenly flared up and consumed the entire area around him in a giant twister of azure fire. It vanished, and everything was incinerated. He dropped to his knees. He had blood coming out of his eye, and tears. He breathed heavily and was practically out of breath. His eye was practically bulging and filled with so much hatred and sadness, he didn't know what to direct it at. He flared up in flames once again, and punched the ground so hard, that it shattered in a giant circle. "
DAMN IT! DAMN IT! FUCK ALL OF YOU! JUST BURN IN HELL! WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!"
Natsu screamed in agony as he cried and destroyed the surrounding area in his outburst.



"NATSU!"

Suddenly a thundering voice, boomed above him, and it was Venigon. The lost dragon could sense Natsu's magic unleashing in huge bursts of power.

"Why are you using so much-!?"

Venigon then realized where they were as he looked around. He had a shocked look on his face. Natsu had decimated everything. It was an inferno of blood and death everywhere. Such ruthless destruction was left in Natsu's wake. Venigon was surprised he took down the entire camp, and still had magic left.

"Errrgh! Errrghh! Erghhh..!" Natsu was growling as the pain in his head pulsed slightly. His eye was different. Slightly changing back and forth from human to reptilian.



"Natsu...what did you do? Did you do all this?"

Venigon asked in a calmer tone.

"Errghhh...y...y...yes..." Natsu managed to say while still grunting and still had rage left to burn.

"

...your magic power...when did you..?"

Venigon turned his horned head all over the area. Such a small human child, presented annihilation on the scale of a dragon.
"I...did he master the Azure Flames now? But, how? Did drinking my blood bring about this?! No. This is different. This is similar to an emotional breakdown...did the flames accept him the moment he had no hesitation?!"
Venigon's mind was elsewhere, but he returned to the present.

"Natsu...we must leave now. Soldiers are on their way here."



"I killed them...all of them..." Natsu said while trying to calm himself. His eye slowly turning back to it's onyx green color.



"Yes...you did. There is no one left now. You've gotten your revenge, now we must go."

Venigon didn't want to stick around and risk discovery. Natsu's training was progressing faster than he could predict. He was almost ready, but this little detour might have had an unnecessary strain on his mind.

"It was...so easy...but I couldn't ...make it quick...they didn't deserve..." Natsu was now saying random words as his mind was still trying to comprehend what he just did.



"We are leaving Natsu!"

Venigon grabbed him carefully, and swooped away. He then turned his massive head around.

"Azure Dragon's Destruction Roar!"

Venigon breathed in, and unleashed a blue fiery beam from his mouth, and blew up the entire area, leaving no witnesses to chance. He then turned away and soared like a jet through the sky. He slowed down, and looked at Natsu, who was now dumbstruck.

"...what you did as exceeded my expectations, Natsu. At least you're not afraid to kill now."



"Kill?...oh yeah...they're dead now.." Natsu stared blankly at his hands.



"However, I think you might have gotten too aggressive. I have only myself to blame for this. Giving you the dragon's blood now may have made you more prone to lashing out more violently...but it is of no worry. Now that you know what it can do, I can show you how to supre-?"

Venigon noticed Natsu hugging his giant hand while sporting a saddened look.

"I'm sorry...I...I'm sorry I did...I...I couldn't stop...I just wanted to kill... more...and more..and more, (sobs)." Natsu started breaking down in tears. He never meant to take it that far. Venigon blinked his blood red eyes and looked away in shame.



"...I am not going to tell you to feel remorse for what you did. Because evil humans like the ones you killed are not worth it."



"But Mindy...said killing is bad..." Natsu brought up as he wiped his eye.



"Do not speak of this event to anyone. Not even Mindy. Killing is either going to be your first or last resort, Natsu. Don't have doubts about what which one is right. After all, I did not raise you to show mercy to your enemies, but to destroy them. And that is what you did. You must come to understand that I gave you power to destroy, not to be hesitant to use."

He said as he looked back at the ground to see the soldiers heading towards the giant smoking crater.



"I..didn't have a choice. I...just wanted them to die.." Natsu confessed while still trying to understand what Venigon meant.



"I will not tell you how to carry out your burdens, but I would ask that you consider how to not take on anymore. That is what ends lesser men."

Venigon warned him.

"...revenge...should be carried out by the one who it effects the most. Remember this. DON'T ever kill, when there are doubts in your mind."

He sternly put.

"I...understand.." Natsu nodded sadly.



"You are young, and prone to rashness. I forgive you this time. Just don't come to regret this later."






Flashback end...



Natsu shook his head. "Revenge should be carried out by the one who it effects most. Don't ever kill when there are doubts in your mind." Natsu repeated the same words that day. "For some reason I have a doubt about you." He said reluctantly.

"Doubt?" Jellal repeated.

"I just need to hear one thing for you." Natsu asked suddenly.

"...?"

"..do you...truly...love her?" He asked suddenly.

"..!" Jellal widened his eyes.

"Don't think I asked something like that out of jealousy or anything. I have no intention of wanting a lover. I just need to know." Natsu explained quickly.

"...I.." Jellal knew the answer as clear as his heart and mind was now. "...yes..."

"..." Natsu was silent again. He could for some reason feel sincerity in his voice, but, his word was all he could go on, at this point.

"But, we can't...not after everything I've done to her..." He frowned. "As long as she's happy. That's all that matters to me." He stated firmly.

"...just like I thought." Natsu summoned his sword suddenly. He then turned to him with a dark, killing intent. "...you are like the rest."

"(gasp)!" Jellal gasped as Natsu drew his blade. He looked Jellal dead in the eye with anger, and resentment, as he thrust with all his might and anger.



(STAB!)





...





...





...





...



It was then silent.



Hey guys! I would have had this out sooner, but the sign-in for this website was acting like garbage, but I got around it. I gotta say, this is probably the most riskiest part of the story, because it effects everything that happens up to the Alvaraz and Fiore war arc. But I still cannot believe I got this far. I thought I was going to have to end the story prematurely at the end of the last arc. Buuuuutt, being the endless laundry basket of ideas, I thought: okay, just ten more chapters before the final set up. But I think I can keep going till the end. When is the end of this story you ask? Who knows, I know I don't.



Oh, and just a quick clear up. I took an author's note out of one of my stories, Dragon and the Mermaids, if memory serves, a little while ago. So if any of you got a notification I updated that story...well, that's what it was. You didn't miss a chapter or nothing, so don't worry about it.



Okay now that that is cleared up, I will see you at the next update!



Read/Review/Rate!



Laters!


>