



Chapter 44...



"..."

"...!?"

"...hmph." Natsu retracted his sword that was next to Jellal's cheek. He was going straight for his head, but stabbed the tree behind him instead. Jellal was gasping for air and sweating after that close brush. He thought that was the end of it. Natsu then sheathed his sword. "I bet you were thinking, I'd straight up kill you because of what you did to me, and Erza." He said as he sat down on the log and faced Jellal. Jellal stared him dead on with confusion. "Well, you're right. I really do."

"Why didn't you? I hurt and...killed Erza's friends. You have every reason to resent me. Erza has a lot more friends, and a place to belong. She has you as well." Jellal was puzzled.

"...were you always this stupid, or are just doing this to annoy me? What kind of idiot do you take me for?" Natsu scowled as he held his sword close to his chest. "Yes, I want to kill you. But you didn't try to dodge, and I've seen how you fight. In my experience, people like that, only do that when they accept their fate. And then there's two reasons people accept their fate, it's when they cannot avoid it, or they purposefully take it. For a minute there, I didn't give a shit. I still don't. In fact, I want to hate you even more now." Natsu closed his eye. "I want to. But then a thought occurred to me. I kill you, I make Erza my enemy. I make Erza my enemy, I make Fairy Tail my enemy. You see, Erza loves you too much to just let you die for your past sins. And you apparently love Erza too much to cause her more suffering. I don't care about that type of innocent thinking. But I don't offer mercy. I don't pity my enemies. If they didn't want to die, they shouldn't have chose that path." Natsu explained to him as his voice got firm and serious.

"What is Erza to you then?" Jellal asked.

"A friend I tried to look out for. But, she probably is thinking right about now, I went to kill you." He shrugged.

"Just kill me then. Lie to her, tell her I tried to escape, you tried to reason with me, but I was really evi-"

"Teheheh, I am not that petty. When I kill someone, I don't hide it. From Erza's perspective, you honestly think I would reason with you?" Natsu chuckled and had a dark look about his eyes.

"You're reasoning with me right now." Jellal pointed out.

"I'm making an exception. I'm doing this because of Wendy, and Erza. You seem to mean something to them. I don't see a reason why though." Natsu rolled his eye.

"But, I never met Wendy before." Jellal mentioned.

"Regardless. They don't believe in revenge or have resentment, or even some inkling of hatred. Of course, I mean Erza mostly, Wendy is still a kid, but she seems like she'd grow up to be the type. You see Jellal, what I'm trying to do is hear you out, because Erza said to at least try. I owe her that much. Those assholes from the new council were in the way, I had to make split second decision."

"Then...have Erza-"

"I...do not need to listen to Erza. She means well, but she would never accept the ideals I hold on to. We stand in opposites of each other. Her being the one that protects, me being the one that destroys." Natsu sighed. "Fairy Tail...I can understand them. Valuing life, fighting for your friends, and even...a family, as they put it. But you see, that's where it stops." Natsu shook his head slowly as he thought of all the times he was with everyone at Fairy Tail.

"...I guess I can understand that."

"Oh, shut up lover boy. I wasn't fishing for sympathy. Least of all from you." Natsu snarled in annoyance. "The one guy that I despise the most at the moment, is actually the one that understands me. That's some fucked up irony." Natsu shook his head in disbelief and sarcasm.

"..right." Jellal nodded and kept to himself.

"So now...I am at a crossroad. Do I kill you now? And choose to live with it? Or do I let you go, and hope for the best?" Natsu presented the option.

"..." Jellal didn't want to try to alter this decision any further. As it stood right now, Natsu was right, that he chose how things would play out from now. Either way, as long as Erza was happy and well, that's all that mattered to Jellal. On the other hand though, Natsu was not the same. He was thinking about what would be best for the three of them.

"..."

"..." Natsu just felt like his insides were fuming with instinct to kill the bastard right then and there. The blood that ran through his veins were boiling with rage. It was like Natsu's own being was trying to get him to kill Jellal and end this once and for all. But...what would everyone think of him? He would sever everything with his new friends, for the sake of looking out for one of them? Because of what? HE didn't like him? True, he didn't like what he did to Erza and her friend Simon. But what he was really mad about, was just acting like none of that ever happened. Plus, after Erza verbally defended Jellal from Natsu, Natsu could see in her eyes that she was still seeing the childhood friend from her past.

"...(exhaled)..." Natsu felt his breathing get shaky. His head was feeling fuzzy, and his eye was just still red from the dragon's blood that flowed throughout his body. The temptation was too great. He clenched his hands.


"It's like every fiber in my being is telling me to just slaughter the hell outta him."
Natsu thought as he felt anger build up.


"What's wrong with him? It's like death's aura is trying to yank him toward me."
Jellal had a cold drop of sweat roll down his neck. Natsu's magic pressure was starting to slowly overtake him.

"...gurgh!" Natsu grunted while trying to remain sane, and fight the urge. He wouldn't let something like his instincts alter his decision. This was very difficult to objectively decide. His emotions were playing on him. After killing someone, it was compelling him to do it again. He learned how to calm himself thanks to Venigon, but it was still challenging. "...(pant)...(pant), (pant). You wanna do right...by Erza?" He suddenly said.

"..yes." Jellal nodded. He noticed Natsu shaking.

"You...want to pay for your mistakes?" Natsu gripped one of his arms.

"However I can." He answered.

"Let me just make this clear, Because I don't think can stop myself any longer right now." Natsu began to say after raising his head. "You go..you go..you go do what you were going to do, and turn yourself in. (Pant). Don't ever fucking show yourself to me again. Don't even speak to me again. I don't care what you feel, I don't care what you think. I don't even care about your life anymore. But...Erza and Wendy do. I already beat you once. But I will kill you the next time you ever harm either of them. Not even Erza, ,or all the goodhearted people in the world will stop me." He glared out to the forest below him. "...go, now." He ordered as he clenched his teeth.

"...thank you. I promise, I won't ever hurt her again. I will do my best-no, I will not let your sparing me, and Erza's expectations go to waste." Jellal vowed with a firm resolve.

"JUST GO, BEFORE I CHANGE MY MIND!" Natsu yelled to him while not looking at him, for fear of rage overtaking him.

"..Mm. Goodbye, Natsu Dranigon." Jellal nodded respectively, before making his way towards the group below them. Natsu was then left alone at the cliff side. He sat down near the edge of it and breathed in and out.

"...I better have frickin', made the right decision." He wasn't sure.


"That was...very difficult for you."
The voice in his head suddenly said.

"Oh yeah, we were going to talk." Natsu perked up and said slowly.


"Well, seemed like a bad time to come in."


"I wanna kill that guy. Every time I see his face, I wanna beat the living daylights outta him."


"Yeah, I know. It's like blood is boiling in your head non-stop."


"I'm never gonna be able to do that again." Natsu lowered his head after taking a deep breath.


"It takes a strong person to take a life, but a stronger one not to take it."
She said.

"Who are you? Venigon? That was like right out of his book of bestowed wisdom." Natsu raised his eyebrow out of curiosity.


"He told you this at one point."


"Doesn't mean I listened." Natsu fell back and lied flat on the ground with his legs hanging off the cliff. He stared up at the stars and sported a bored look after his body calmed. "..so I take it you've been with me ever since Venigon?" He began.


"Yeah. I just couldn't talk to you until you got strong enough. I'm an existence living in the dragon lacrima in your eye."


"I thought that was weird. So that's what it was." Natsu brushed his hand over his eye patch. "So? What's the purpose of you living in my eye?" Natsu then asked.


"Think of me as your partner."


"...okay, 'partner'. What's your role in my life? The old man gave me the Forbidden Dragon Magic. Why would I need you?" Natsu was curious about this unknown entity that resided in him.


"Because. I am the alternative solution."


"What?" Natsu made a confused look.


"In the off chance you die getting to Vallith, I was to take over your body to help finish the job."



"..."



"..."


"..."


"Need I say more?"


"No. I'm just glad that there's a second chance to take him down." Natsu said nonchalantly.


"You're pretty accepting as usual."
Natsu could tell she was smirking from her tone.

"It's not like it changes anything." He said while placing both hands on his stomach. He was a lot more calmed down when Venigon was mentioned. It felt good to him, that someone had been with him, and understood the way he was. Mindy knew some, but not the whole story.


"However..."
Natsu heard her suddenly say.
"There...might be a chance for you to kill him...without having to sacrifice yourself."


"...?!" Natsu's eye widened suddenly. "Don't joke like that."


"I'm serious. He's powerful. But not unbeatable."


"That's why I have the spell." Natsu began to say. "Are you telling me there's another way?" Natsu began sounding interested.

"
Venigon told you that only 10% of your power was to be realized on your own. Slowly over time, your growth was faster than he predicted. So, a natural awakening would give you access to the final form of Dragon Slayers."


"Dragon Force? I don't know. It's powerful, but I burn too much magic-"


"YOU GOT A SHIT TON OF MAGIC POWER, YOU DUMB IDIOT! YOU WON'T USE UP ALL YOUR MAGIC FROM SUCH A STATE! WHY DO YOU THINK VENIGON SPENT YEARS EXPANDING HOW MUCH MAGIC YOU COULD HOLD!?"

She suddenly shouted in annoyance, which startled Natsu.

"Geezlaweez, okay, calm down. But, either way, I think it will hurt him at the most, not kill him." Natsu reasoned.


"Who said I was talking about Dragon Force?"
She suddenly said.

"What are you saying? It's the final form of a Dragon Slayer. Are you saying there's a step beyond that?" Natsu half-joked.


"The final state? No, that's the last recorded state a Dragon Slayer could reach. But Venigon was from the older generation. There was instances that Dragon Force was used to unleash the power of a dragon, but it also came with a unique twist."
The voice said.

"How unique? Did they become Dragons? Because I know that Dragon slayers morph into dragons if they can't control the power." Natsu recalled his teaching. "That's the other reason Venigon gave me his blood. It gives me more control over the dragonic take over." Natsu recalled.

"
Will you just let me finish?"
The voice sound irritated.
"As I said, a unique twist happened. During a Dragon Force transformation, your power sky rockets, and all your abilities are on par with a dragon. But what people nowadays don't know, is that when you're in a Dragon Force state, you can also combine elements of both the dragon, and the magic of yourself."


"Aren't they one and the same though?"


"Dragon Slayer Magic is a lost magic. It is just another spell people can use in their arsenal. I'm talking about using magic that you were born with, and joining it together with your Dragon Force."


"So a... signature...Unison Raid...transformation type of magic?" Natsu guessed.


"Sort of. Actually, that is probably the most correct way to describe it."


"So, I have unique magic I'm born with?" Natsu asked curiously.

"
Yeah. Remember when Ultear said she developed her time magic when she grew up? And how Erza unlocked her magic when she escaped the Tower of Heaven?"
She gave examples.
"You gotta figure out what yours is. That's what Venigon meant when he left 10% of your power to develop. You do that, you can combine it with your Dragon Force to unlock the true state of a Dragon Slayer."


"...okay, what is it?" Natsu asked, sensing the end of the explanation.


"The Dragon Archon."
She said ominously.

"Dragon...Archon, huh?" Natsu repeated. "Archon...sounds strong."


"Yeah, you could say that."
She had a scoff in her tone.
"But, until you reach that point, it would be best that you master Dragon Force first."


"Hm. Thanks for the info." Natsu thanked.


"We're in this together, idiot. And we're gonna kill the dragon that murdered Venigon, one way, or the other."
The voice sounded determined.

"...yeah." Natsu smiled slightly.


"Well, best of luck to you and your friends. I'm always here whenever you're feeling down. I know you better than anyone, idiot."


"...what's your name?" Natsu forgot to ask.


"Hmmm, my true name is lost to me. But I take my host's traits depending on who it is, so...call me Natsa."


"Sounds like my name." Natsu noted.


"Natsa, Natsu, Natsa, Natsu, Natsa, wow, that's a tongue twister, but not bad, eh?"
She sounded proud.

"Yeah. Looking forward to it, Natsa." Natsu felt a bit more invigorated.


"I'll leave you to your business."
Natsa went silent and Natsu felt calmed down now. He looked down into the forest and jumped down into it.




Later that night...



Natsu was approaching an area that he sensed his friends at, and could see the members of Fairy Tail, just relaxing and resting from the fierce battle they had. Erza was not among them. The first one to notice he was there, was Gray. He immediately stood up to greet him.

"Where the hell were you?" Gray asked him.

"I needed a little one on one with Jellal." Natsu answered, as the others became aware of him. "Sorry if I got a little rough with everyone, but those council guys are-"

"Dude, what the hell? You just pull crap like this whenever you feel like it? What did you have to talk about that couldn't have been said then and there?" Gray demanded as he walked to him.

"...something that could not have been said then and there." Natsu answered.

"Look man, we're friends aren't we? If you were gonna bust him out-" Gray began to say. He got cut off by Natsu.

"I wasn't busting him out." Natsu said firmly as Gray gasped in surprise. "After what he did, he's lucky that he's just gonna spend his life in a cell."

"...how can you say that? He tried to stop Nirvana at the cost of his life! Erza believed in him, isn't that enough?" Gray raised his voice a little.

"Hey guys, why don't you calm down?" Lucy tried to stop a fight before it began.

"Don't worry Luce, we're just talkin'." Natsu said while not breaking eye contact. "And no. Erza is free to believe in who ever she wants, but when it was that bad, no, it's not enough." Natsu answered back.

"The guy gave himself up willingly."

"If he didn't, then I definitely question her judgment." Natsu said coldly.

"What are you so mad about!?" Gray threw his arms up.

"..." Natsu shifted his eye toward Wendy and saw a worried look on her face as she clutched Carla. "I'm not getting into this with you right now, Gray. It's late, and I'm tired." Natsu didn't want to have this discussion in front of Wendy.

"You were gonna kill him, weren't you?" Gray suddenly said and Natsu stopped in his tracks. Tension spiked, and Wendy and Lucy were now worried.

"..."

"You didn't like him too much, so you had to just-"

"Gray." Natsu suddenly stopped him from finishing the sentence. "Do not even think of finishing that sentence." Natsu sounded forceful with an irritated tone. "I just needed to confirm something, nothing more."

"...I'm just saying. Erza is upset about this whole mess. Now, you were there with her and him. Just don't do anything you're gonna regret." Gray warned him after calming down.

"..good words to live by." Natsu said before going to a good spot to sit down on the ground. He groaned and sat down. He felt the ribs that Treya broke, and panted.

"Are you...alright Natsu?" Wendy came up to him reluctantly with her hands behind her back, and not looking him in the eye. She noticed that he seemed to be clutching his side.

"...I got thrashed earlier by a dragon slayer before I took out Zero and Cobra. She was one hell of a fighter. It ain't that bad. She broke a few of my ribs." Natsu mentioned while grunting.

"Another Dragon Slayer?" Lucy exclaimed.
"And did he just casually say his ribs got broken?"
Lucy sweatdropped

"Not just any. She's the same type as me. A Lost Dragon Slayer." Natsu told Lucy.

"Same?" Wendy perked up to him.

"Mm. Prime Dragons. Oldest dragons that ever lived. She was a slayer of one to." Natsu explained as he lied down on the ground.

"That's very interesting." Wendy nodded. "Um, I can..heal you. I...used up a bit of my healing magic, but I can at least keep you comfortable." Wendy offered.

"...go ahead." Natsu nodded. She bowed and got down on her knees and held her hands over his chest. A bright bluish light came over Natsu, and grunted.

"Are you alright?" Wendy asked.

"Yeah, I just...was numb to the pain, and now, eheheh, I realize how much it hurts after you start fixing it." Natsu chuckled in pain.

"I'll be gentle." Wendy assured him.

"You're fine Wendy." Natsu promised her.

"...um..." Wendy began to say. "Thank you..."

"For what?" Natsu asked.

"For...forgiving him. I know...he must have done something bad to you...but, you didn't...you know." She swallowed. "So, thank you. I appreciate you giving him a second chance." She sounded grateful.

"...yeah, sure thing, kid." Natsu looked away. This innocent little dragon slayer had been through enough. He could quell his anger for now. It was just the whole battle had made him realize, just how much of a difference there was between them. Erza was going to be a difficult and awkward talk when they got the chance. And he wasn't looking forward to that. He just decided to let out a depressed sigh, and let the young blue haired girl do her work.

It was a hell of a day.




The next morning...



Natsu squinted his eye as he adjusted to the morning light coming in the tent. He and the others had headed back to Cait Shelter to inform them that their village was in no danger, and to spend the night. Natsu hadn't seen Erza ever since the whole, Jellal getting arrested thing. He decided to just wait for her to come to him. He was thinking about what he was gonna say to her. He just sat on his sleeping bag and looked at the entrance to the tent. He got up and decided to go for a walk to clear his head.

He got out, and he could see the village lively as ever. Even the guild members of Blue Pegasus had made it out alive of the ordeal. He passed a few people, but suddenly stopped when he thought he brushed past someone. He blinked and looked back at the random villager.


"...was that my imagination?"
Natsu for some felt like there was an absence of...something. Not that he thought about it, he didn't smell anything off the people other than his own comrades. He looked around him and was narrowing his eye.

"Young man." He then looked toward the ground, and a small old man that reminded him of Makarov, but older looking, and wearing tribal clothes, addressed him. "Thank you for stopping Nirvana. I never had the chance to greet you when you all came to my village." He nodded.

"No problem." Natsu smiled and nodded. "Wendy was very helpful in taking down Nirvana. Not bad for a kid." He said proudly.

"..Mm.." The old man nodded. "She's made some fine comrades. I was hoping she would." He smiled with a toothy grin.

"..." Natsu's smile faltered.

"It's about time, I suppose." He suddenly said.

"Time?" Natsu asked curiously.

"Mm, it shouldn't be much longer.." He said as he went to the center of the village. Natsu narrowed his eye, for it seemed strange.

"Natsu!" Wendy came over to him enthusiastically.

"Hey Wendy. Hows it going?" He greeted with a smile. "Where's your cat?" He noticed the absence.

"She's over with everyone else. I wanted to talk to you, but she said she didn't want to." She explained.

"..mm." Natsu nodded. "What did you want to talk about?" He crossed his arms.

"Um, you seem to know a lot of dragons, and dragon slayers. And you knew Grandeeny...there's so many things I want to ask." She didn't know where to begin.

"Yeah, I can see the question marks." He smiled warmly. "What's bugging you at the most? I can answer anything." He openly offered.

"Um, I only recently learned how to us the Sky Dragon's Roar, but I get tired out from using it. I was wondering if you had any type of advice on how I could get better with it." She bowed her head and held her hands behind her back.

"Mm. Wind Dragons almost never run out of energy. They eat the air to prevent themselves from getting tired out."

"Mm, I eat the air, but I get so tired from using it, I can't start eating air till I catch my breath, eheheh, if that makes sense?" She nervously giggled.

"...hm." Natsu hummed as he thought about it. "Lets go somewhere away from the village."


"Okay, this will do." Natsu and Wendy stood in the forest. "You said you're having trouble with recovering, but you should have the fastest recovery in terms of a dragon slayer." Natsu explained to her as she stood next to him.

"I guess I'm not strong enough yet." Wendy shrugged.

"Go ahead, show me your roar." Natsu ordered.

"Eh? Here?" She looked around and there was a massive rock in front of them.

"Target that big rock in front of us." Natsu pointed.

"Mm! I'll give it my best." Wendy nodded with determination. She then exhaled and concentrated.
"..I can do this...just like on Nirvana!"
She then inhaled.

"Sky Dragon's Roar!"

She then opened her mouth, and a tornado blasted from her, and she was blown back slightly. Her roar hit the rock, and it was smashed into chunks. Natsu blinked and looked back to Wendy. She was on the ground panting.

"..that was pretty good." Natsu had to praise her.
"Wow...she doesn't look any older than 12 or early teens."


"Okay...mmgh~! That was all my effort." Wendy got back up and brushed herself off.

"That was good. I think I see what your problem is." Natsu said.

"Eh?" Wendy made a inquisitive look.

"Normally you could fire off a roar immediately. Like this." Natsu then faced the rock.

"Azure Dragon's Roar!"

Natsu put a hand to his mouth, and fired his fire breath in a straight stream. It collided with the pile of rubble, and exploded, leaving a black mark on the ground, and the rocks completely disintegrated.

"I-incredible." Wendy could only say, as she gawked at the power of the flames.

"I dialed back the power. Any bigger than that, I would have used a lot more than necessary." He explained. "Try just firing it right off the bat, instead of building up the power. It's the reason why you get left wide open. Aim for that tree, and just let the power swell in your chest, then let it out like you were shouting." He explained.

"Mm." Wendy nodded as she looked at the tree.

"Sky Dragon's..."

She breathed in, and the air swirled around her mouth.

"...Roar!"

She let loose a tornado, same size as the last one, except it was faster, and it completely blasted through the tree's bottom, knocking it clean off it's stump, and crashing into the ground. Her eyes widened. "It...worked. I...I'm not tired!" She looked at him with a accomplished smile.

"Yep. You see Wendy.." Natsu crouched and looked her in the eyes. "Sky Dragon Slayers don't need to build up power, because the air itself is already powering up the damage." Natsu went on to teach. "Possessing Sky Dragon Magic, you can use spells one after the other, without worrying about considerable recoil. The very air you and I breathe is at your disposal. Learn to control it, and you have a nearly limitless power." Finished, he stood up and looked down at her with a smile. "You're only gonna get stronger from here on out Wendy. I guarantee it." Natsu rubbed her head gently.

"Mm! Thank you for the lesson." Wendy smiled happily.

"Mhmm." Natsu nodded. He then made a curious look. She seemed to look away from him. "What's wrong?"

"...you're, a lot nicer...than I took you for. Thank you, for saving me." She bowed gratefully.

"Hey, if I didn't save you, Grandeeny would probably kick me into outer space." He joked.

"Mhmhmhm." Wendy giggled. Despite hearing about all those things that she heard from Brain during her capture, whether they happened or not, Natsu did have a good heart.

"..." Foot steps could be heard.

"Hm..?" Natsu realized that someone approached and he saw Erza standing away from them with an emotionless expression. Natsu locked eyes with her and he could tell why she was here. "Hey Wendy? Do you mind heading back? Me and Erza gotta talk about something important." He kindly requested.

"Mm. I'll see you back in the village." Wendy complied and began making her way back. She looked back and was wondering how things were going to play out. Erza got closer and stood in front of Natsu. Natsu's smile was replaced with a frown. They stared at each other in the eye. Erza's eyes seemed a bit red from crying a little while ago.

"...I had feeling you were gonna want to talk about last night." Natsu turned away and sat against a tree. Erza proceeded to sit down on the ground in front of him.

"I see you're...(sniffle), helping Wendy with something." She noted as she looked back to Wendy who was almost out of sight.

"She's got promise." Natsu nodded. "But you didn't come here for training tips, did you?"

"...what happened last night between you two?" She asked the question that was bound to come up.



Read/Review/Rate!



Laters!



P.S.



Regardless of how this outcome was with Jellal, I was gonna piss off one side or the other, so, if I did, I'm sorry. The decision was not made on a Natza or Jerza bias. It was all for the story, nothing more, nothing less. Okay, I said my piece, Laters!


>