

Chapter 2: The Champ is a Turtle

A/N: I'm back with yet another chapter. This one will focus on John Cena. Now I know that Orton has the titles, but I'm basing this after the Royal Rumble and am going to pretend that John won the titles off of Randy there, so he's the champ again. I don't know if that's what'll happen at the actual Rumble, but since this is my fic, I can pretty much do whatever I want. Thanks to all of those who have read and reviewed thus far. It really means a lot to me that you like this story.

Disclaimer: TMNT and all related characters are property of Nickelodeon. The WWE and all related characters are property of Vince McMahon. I only own the plot.

John Cena opened his eyes, excited for another day to start. He was on top of the world as the WWE World Heavyweight Champion, and he felt that he would go far with the titles as long as he had them. But when he opened his eyes, he noticed that the walls looked different and weren't the white walls of his hotel room. Then he noticed that he wasn't lying in a double bed and was lying on a futon. How the hell did that happen? He turned to look at his girlfriend, but realized she wasn't next to him. John reached out a hand to feel the empty space and noticed that his hand was not only green but that it had three fingers. Looking down, he also noticed that he had weird chest plates that were definitely not his own.

The leader of the Cenation was freaked out, and so he did the one thing he always did when he got freaked out or nervous: He began to rap.


Yo, yo, yo, what the hell is goin' on?



I don't look like the leader of the Cenation.



Is this some kind of dream?



Why the hell am I green?



I really need to escape this scene



If you know what I mean.



Where the hell am I?



Is this some kind of trick?



I can see Randy doin' this


'
Cause he's just a dick.



So who's in my place?



Is he with my girl?



I'll punch him so hard



It'll make his head whirl.



I gotta get out of here



This isn't cool



I don't look like The Champ



I look like a fool.



I better end this rap



Though I do it like no other



So I'll say peace out



And word to your motha.


After John finished his rap, he got out of bed and explored the room. Yes, this definitely wasn't his hotel room. A bunch of posters were on the wall of a show called Space Heroes. There were shelves lined with figurines presumably from the same show as well as a pile of comic books John certainly didn't recognize. He spotted a pair of swords and took one out, and as he glimpsed his reflection, he gasped. Yes, this definitely wasn't him at all. He had blue eyes, but his head was rounder and green. Okay, this definitely wasn't good.

He noticed a blue mask lying on a table and picked it up. He tied it around his head and examined his reflection in the sword. Yeah, that looked cool, but who was he supposed to be? He needed answers, and he needed them now. Was he the only one who had ended up here?

John continued to explore the room and found a journal. He opened it to the first page and saw the words, "This journal is the property of Hamato Leonardo. No one else is to read my journal and if they do, they will suffer dire consequences. Mikey, this especially means you. Keep out."

Okay, so this guy was just a typical guy who was very protective of his privacy. John had an urge to read his journal to see who he really was, but something inside of him stopped him. He didn't feel it was right to try and pry into someone's personal life no matter what the circumstances were. John closed the journal and decided to leave the room to see where he was. He walked out and noticed a hallway with a few other doors that probably led to other rooms. He made a left and walked through a short entranceway and down some stairs until he entered what he was sure was a living room. It had some steps going down, a couch, and a chair along with one small TV. John's stomach rumbled, and he realized he needed to get some breakfast.

He wandered around until he spotted a curtain and parted it to see a kitchen with a table, a stove and a refrigerator along with some cupboards on the wall. Perfect, John thought. He wasn't really a cook, but they had to have something else around. He looked in some of the cupboards until he spotted an assortment of cereals. Smiling, he pulled out a box of Fruity Pebbles, grabbed a bowl and spoon, and poured some cereal into the bowl. He went into the refrigerator and got out the milk, pouring some into the bowl. Deciding he would worry about everything else later, John ate his Fruity Pebbles, feeling that at least something was going right for him.

22222

Leonardo opened his eyes and looked at the clock. Yep, it was six thirty and time for him to get up for practice. But as he sat up he noticed that this was not his room. The walls were white, and there was a TV that sat on a stand. That was weird. What had happened? He scanned his surroundings and jumped when he felt some movement near him. He turned and saw a woman lying next to him. Wait that was Nikki Bella, one of the Bella Twins. What was she doing here? Then Leo saw his face in the mirror across from the bed, and his eyes widened. Instead of his own green face staring back at him, he glimpsed a human face with short hair and blue eyes, a face he knew form watching wrestling with his brothers.

He was in John Cena's body.

Leo jumped out of bed and ran to the bathroom. After doing his business, he sat on the toilet, trying to come to grips with what had happened to him.

"Okay, Leo, there has to be some explanation for this," he said to himself. "So what happened last night? I finished watching wrestling with the guys and went to bed. So why am I here and how did I get here?" Then he thought of his brothers. Had they also switched bodies or were they at home in their own bodies? Leo knew he had to get to the bottom of this.

Exiting the bathroom, he walked over and saw a travel bag sitting on the floor. He slowly opened it and noticed a bunch of shirts, shorts, and other things. Then he saw what was under the clothes and softly gasped. He reached down and pulled out the two most coveted titles in the WWE. Yep, this was definitely John Cena's stuff. Then he smiled. He couldn't wait to tell his brothers what had happened to him! They were going to be so jealous of him. That is, if they weren't switched themselves. And how was he going to know if they were switched or not? He couldn't go up to every wrestler and ask them if they were his brothers. He would just have to play it cool and try to find out some other way.

With that settled, he got ready, putting on a black long-sleeved shirt and some jeans since it was cold outside, and he didn't think John Cena would be wearing short-sleeved stuff outside. He put on socks and John's shoes.

"Hey, babe, you're up early," Nikki told him. "Is everything okay?"

"Yeah, everything's fine," Leo said.

"Okay, I'm going to get ready so we can meet some of the other guys and Divas for breakfast," Nikki said.

"Sounds good to me," Leo answered. He watched Nikki go into the bathroom and felt a little uncomfortable. He only hoped that he hadn't had sex with her, but then he realized she was wearing a T-shirt and some shorts. Okay, so he hadn't done anything. That was good because he knew that not only would John kick his ass, Master Splinter would be very disappointed in him.

Just as he was watching TV and waiting for Nikki to get ready, he heard someone yelling outside in the hallway. Curious, Leo went to the door and opened it. He spotted Randy Orton outside ranting and raving, but what caught Leo's attention was what Randy was saying.

"I can't believe this!" Randy yelled. "What the shell is going on here?"

Hearing those words, Leo gasped. Someone he knew well would sometimes say those words, and it wasn't Randy Orton.

It was Raph.

A/N: Okay, I'm going to end this chapter on that note. So, now we know that Randy and Raph switched bodies. We know how Raph's taking it, but how will the Viper react when he finds out he's a mutant turtle? All will be explained in the next chapter. In the meantime, feel free to leave a review, and have a shelltastic day.

>