


I wasn't happy with


The Thunderbird and the Doctor


. So I decided to delete it. Well…when the manage stories thing on the website decides to work again. I hate it when the site decides to glitch and have a small temper tantrum. (PS: it's deleted now.)



Basically, with this one, it's all in Scott's POV and this woman is someone he knew back when he was in the Air Force. It's still Indiana Evans and she's still a doctor. But she was a captain from the USAF medical corps (I actually researched that) and let's just say that Scott and Indiana have this bond that nobody understands and will be explained throughout the story.



ENJOY!



…or not…



Also, I know (or at least, I hope) that the conflict in the Middle East and everything is slowing down or (not likely) ending. However, for the purposes of this story, the conflict in the Middle East has its flare-ups and cool-downs. For what happened with Scott, the conflict had a massive flare-up in 2035 and has not cooled down since then and Scott is fighting in the conflict.



I was fighting in the Middle East when it happened.



It was hard to believe that even though the war started over 60 years ago, it was still as close to ending as it was when it started.



The enemy was on my tail. Literally.



My group was called to assist some American soldiers on the ground, who had called in about an air strike that was occurring. Most of my group was shot down upon arrival. So to save everyone else from death, I acted as a decoy.



I drew the enemy out into the desert, as far away from the village and the soldiers on the ground (as well as the remaining survivors in the air) as I could.



Using the skills I was taught the minute I joined the Air Force, I managed to out-maneuver and shoot down all but one enemy fighter jet. This one wouldn't go down easy.



Within moments, I was falling. Instruments were failing everywhere. I realised what had happened.



I was shot down.


Every night since it happened, I had the same dream about it.

Every night (and morning, on occasion), I would wake up in a cold sweat, realizing that the days of the Air Force were nothing but days gone by.

But I would never forget what happened.

I would never forget the debt I owed her.

As I walked into the kitchen, I saw her.

Indiana Evans was a marvel. Not just in her looks. Her brown hair and brown eyes and perfect…well, every perfect inch of her body, had all the men in the Air Force falling over themselves to even speak with her, let alone flirt with her. But she was a marvel with everything else.

"Morning, Scott," she greeted me as she moved around the kitchen with the plates.

"Morning, Captain," I smirked.

Indiana was a captain in the USAF Medical Corps when we first met. She obtained the position by attending medical school, obtaining her doctor's degree and going through the necessary medical training before joining the corps. Because she did that, she automatically entered the corps with the rank of captain.

And…well, I don't really like to go into details. But one thing I learned since she moved to the island is that she hated being referred to as her rank in the corps. Especially since, like me, she has left her days in the Air Force far behind her. In fact, she left because my father offered her the position she holds now after everything that happened (not that he knew the full details about it).

And mostly because I wouldn't stop recommending her like hell.

"Major Tracy, how many times have I told you not to refer to me by my rank?" Indiana asked, clearly exasperated.

"Only when you stop referring to me by mine, Captain Evans," I retorted.

"Would you like me to burn your toast or not?" Indiana smirked.

"Need some help?" I offered.

"No. I should be fine," Indiana declined before saying, "Don't tell me you want bacon and eggs again."

"What's wrong with bacon and eggs?" I asked.

"Poached eggs are healthy. Fried eggs fried in the greasy butter and oil is not. Likewise with the bacon," Indiana retorted.

"Remind me again why we need a doctor," I said.

"Because you may fall into situations that require procedures beyond the EMT-level training that everyone on the island here – and a certain someone on a certain space station – has acquired," Indiana shot back, "Basic paramedic skills can only get you so far. For certain situations, you need a real doctor with real qualifications."

"So…we are official ready to start operating," I whispered.

Her words hit home more than she thought they did. It all never sunk in until now that we were going to be operating in a matter of time. Even when John left to go to space, it never fully sunk in.

"Yes," Indiana smiled as she tossed me some toast, "Yes we are."

I smiled back as I caught the toast in my hand.

It was official. International Rescue was ready to start operating.


That was just a small prelude of sorts. Essentially, I'm going straight into it. As I said before, it's all in Scott's POV. So it's gonna have some extra bits and scenes from the episodes that he's in. I've also always wanted to do this thing where we could see what some Tracy boys (mainly Scott, he's my favourite) think whenever they're on an emergency call or in general life.



You'll find out more about the depth of Scott and Indiana's relationship throughout the story. If I gave it all away (even though I sort of did regardless), it would lose its purpose.



Reviews are golden. Be cautious with criticism. Having been bullied – mentally, emotionally and physically – for basically my entire life, I'm sensitive to certain things still because of how bad the bullying was. Fellow bullying victims would understand my point. Favourites make me glow in happiness. Adding me or this story to your alerts tells me you're interested in knowing what happens next.



Now that is out of the way, I shall release you from the torture of my company so you can do your part for this story and get on with your lives.



BYE!


>