


I know it's taken me forever to get this chapter up and running. But two words: writer's block. Also, uni's being a pain in the butt.



ENJOY!


…
or not…



I don't know how Father was convinced to let me take Thunderbird 1 on leave. But here we are.

Indiana and I made a plan where we would land and store Thunderbird 1 at a hanger in New York Father owned through his company before making the nearly four-hour drive to Boston. Nobody worked at the hanger except those we trust; namely a few International Rescue agents.

Although, it felt really weird piloting Thunderbird 1 and not wearing my uniform.

"Hello, Scott," a young woman with dark blonde hair and green eyes greeted us as we exited Thunderbird 1.

"Hi, Halo," I acknowledged before making the necessary introductions, "Halo, this is Indiana Evans, International Rescue's Commanding Medical Officer. Ana, this is Halo Marks, Agent 33 – stationed for the greater New York area, including Brooklyn and New Jersey."

"Pleasure," Halo nodded.

"Likewise," Indiana responded with a nod similar to the one Halo gave her.

"I'll make sure Thunderbird 1 is properly hidden from any prying eyes. Your rental car's out front," Halo said to us.

"Thanks, Halo," I responded as I grabbed my duffle bag and suitcase and walked away from Thunderbird 1 with Indiana by my side with her own duffle bag and suitcase.

"Say hello to Gordon for me!" we heard Halo call back to us.

"Halo knows Gordon?" Indiana said in surprise as we loaded our bags into the boot.

"Halo's sister Melanie and Gordon were in the same hydrofoil crash that nearly left Gordon paralyzed. Melanie died of hypothermia and internal injuries while they were waiting to be rescued. Since that day, Gordon's been making sure that Melanie's family was looked after. He's been helping out Halo as she attends Parsons the New School for Design for her photography classes and whenever he has to visit the mainland, he always makes the time to visit her," I explained as we climbed into the car, "I think they're together."

"What makes you say that?" Indiana asked me as I turned over the engine.

"Each time he visits her, his mainland trips are always longer and the only time his trips are longer usually is when he has to see the specialist about his back," I retorted.

Indiana shrugged. There was no way to argue with that.

I chose not to tell Indiana about how I found an engagement ring hidden in Gordon's bedside draw when I was looking for something he had borrowed from me a couple of days ago. Mainly because he swore me to secrecy because no one knew about the relationship and he wanted everyone else to know when he and Halo were ready to tell them.

Well, Father already likes Halo and if he trusts her enough to be part of International Rescue, I don't think he would have a problem with her joining the team in a different role.

"I know how to get to Boston. But you're gonna have to guide me to your aunt's townhouse," I told Indiana.

"F.A.B," she nodded with a smirk on her face.

I rolled my eyes at that. Never knew her to be cheeky.

Guess there's a first for everything.

When we officially entered the Boston area, as I said, I had to rely on Indiana's directions. Along the way, I managed to take in the sites.

When Indiana and I first met as I was recovering from being shot down, she told me about Boston. She said that to her, Boston was one of the most beautiful cities in the world. As we drove in, I couldn't help but agree with her declaration.

"You should see it in winter when the snow falls," Indiana said dreamily.

"Did you have White Christmases?" I asked her casually, recalling the few white Christmases we had when we were kids living in Kansas.

"Not always. Sometimes, there'd be snow on the ground around Christmas time. Sometimes, it'd snow in late November or early December but nothing on Christmas. Other times, we would have no snow until the end of the season," Indiana mused, "We always imagined it was, though."

Before I knew it, we had turned onto Marlborough Street and then pulled up to her apartment.

"Looks nice," I whistled at the building.

If people hadn't known better, the building could have easily fitted in with 20th-century Boston. In reality, a lot of the buildings – excluding the heritage listed buildings and historical sites such as the Tea Party Museum on the harbor – have been rebuilt over the last couple of decades. But they were built to represent the charm of the city that everyone loved.

"Aunt Maria's a midwife. One of the best in the business. It pays her really well," Indiana shrugged as I popped the trunk for us to get the bags out.

"Does she know?" I suddenly asked.

"That we're coming? Considering we're staying with her, I kind of had to tell her," Indiana scoffed.

"I meant does she know about your real employment with us?" I corrected, not wanting to directly say the words 'International Rescue' in an open space.

"Your father let me," Indiana nodded, "He said it would be easier to explain any injuries I may get during a rescue."

"Have they told anyone?" I asked.

I didn't want to seem like I didn't trust her judgment. But in our line of work, you can never be too careful.

"Nope. And before you ask me, no. They never signed a non-disclosure agreement. The fact that them leaking the names of the International Rescue crew could lead to untold dangers kind of deters them from blabbing," Indiana answered, "And if it makes you feel better, your father had Lady Penelope do a background check on them."

That does make me feel a little better.

"Is that my daughter? I doubt it, though. My daughter actually comes home!"

I had to laugh at the sight of the woman who was clearly approaching middle age (even though I would not be saying that out loud). If I hadn't known any better, I would think that Maria Evans was Indiana's biological mother rather than her aunt and adoptive mother.

"Aunt Maria!" Indiana greeted happily as she raced up to hug her aunt, leaving me with the bags.

"You must be Scott," Maria nodded as Indiana came down to get her bags from me, "Feel free to call me Maria."

"Nice to meet you," I said as I went to shake her hand.

I shouldn't really have been surprised when Maria pulled me into a hug instead. When Indiana first met my family, she did say she came from a family of huggers. But I was still touched by the gesture.

"Thank you for letting us stay with you," I said as we walked up the steps into the apartment, "Although, I would think this is a condo more than an apartment. A very nice one."

"It's our pleasure and I suppose so. But regardless of what it is, it's home," Maria shrugged, "Now, Indi, your bedroom has essentially been untouched since the last time you were here. But I do change the sheets regularly for when you did come home. Scott, the guest bedroom is all set. You will have to share the bathroom with my youngest son, Robbie. I hope you don't mind."

"Not at all," I immediately reassured her.

Before we moved to the island, I had to share a bathroom with John. So I was used to sharing a bathroom with another occupant in the household..

"Where is he?" Indiana inquired.

"He's got football practice. You are going to be his wonderful surprise," Maria gushed as she embraced Indiana again, "Oh, my little girl is home again!"

"How about we go put our stuff away and we can have coffee and catch up?" Indiana suggested.

"Um, Ana, when was the last time you were home?" I couldn't help but ask.

It wasn't Indiana who answered. But instead, it was Maria,

"The night before she left to join the Med Corps."

I knew that Indiana had been away from home for a while. But I honestly didn't think the last time she was home was before she joined the medical corps. She was already in the corps for a couple of years at least before we met. I figured that she would have gone home between now and then.

Immediately, I was glad I insisted that Indiana come along with me on the trip. And I already knew that I wouldn't be the only one who benefited from this trip.



OK. I know I took forever. But as I said earlier, uni. What can I say?



Also, I need suggestions. What do you want to have happen for Scott and Indiana while in Boston? Obviously, they will spend some time playing tourist and going to historical sights such as the Tea Party Museum and a bit more of Indiana's past will be revealed. But what do you want to happen? Because honestly, I'm at a loss.



BYE!


>