

Hey guys, Happy New Year! This is the supposed-to-be the tie-in story with 'The Sky's Little Gift,' because I don't have a sequel for that...XD And because this was my original idea for the Secret Santa fic, I only changed my mind because I was sure as hell I wouldn't finish a multi-chap in one month...XP

BTW, you can read this without reading that other fic, I wrote them separately from each other anyway. :D



"Primo Meets Decimo"



Chapter 1: Giotto's Future Son.


It was just another typical day in the Vongola mansion, everyone was home because they all just got back from an international underground meeting the day before, and since today was supposed to be their day off. Having said so, everyone would be free to do whatever they want, well except for their beloved Boss who has to work during their days off because of paperwork. And speaking of Primo, he's probably drowning in papers inside his office right about now, and no one is going to disturb him, pretty much because they don't wish to be used as an excuse for him to avoid paperwork, that or they just don't want to suffer the wrath of a frustrated Primo when all he could ever want is to finish everything before even more paperwork comes.

Thus, brings our bored guardians to pick fights with each other like little kids.

"For disturbing peace and order, I will arrest you to death," Alaude held his handcuffs high in front of Daemon's face.

"Nufufu~! That doesn't even make sense, my dear Skylark-kun," Daemon managed to say before jumping backwards to avoid a sudden attack.

Not far from the insufferable duo, G was chasing after Lampo for calling him "Pinky," the insult never fails to make the right-hand man blow. And as usual, Asari would be laughing at the both of them for being silly, with Knuckles not far behind yelling "Extreme!"

Needless to say, it was a peaceful day at the Vongola mansion, nothing out of the ordinary, just a normal typical day... well, maybe except for that small and feeble-looking child who creepily and eerily resembles Giotto, sitting on the couch watching them with the biggest most curious doe-like eyes they've ever seen.

And they all stopped.

"What the heck?" G felt the color of his face slowly drain as he struggled to come up with the most logical explanations why there was a kiddie Primo-look-alike blinking at him as they caught eye contact.

"Who's the brat? He looks like Primo," Lampo was the first to comment.

"Has he been here all this time? I didn't even notice him," Asari started to take a few steps closer.

The kid then suddenly flinched upon realizing that all of them had just turned their undivided attention on him, he shrunk in his seat, whimpering silently.

"Aww, don't worry little one, we won't hurt you," Asari prodded, offering a hand.

"Yes, we're all very nice to the extreme!" Knuckles also took this chance to approach the boy.

"So, what's your name, bambino?" [1] Daemon knelt down in front of him.

"Uhh, uh... Re-reborn..." that wasn't his name, rather it was the name of the person who came here with him and left him here all alone as punishment for crying out loud.
Reborn, where are you?


"Your name is Reborn? How peculiar," Daemon thought audibly.

"Eh? Ah, no... I'm so-sorry, my na-name is Tsuna-Tsunayoshi Vongola, but-but everyone calls me Tsuna," the child stuttered.

At this the minds of the guardians clicked, all except for Alaude blinked twice.

Giotto was the only person in the world with such a surname.


"Excuse me, my good man. But who are you and how did you get in here?" Giotto just got back in his office after fetching a book from his bedroom when he noticed another person's presence, he prepared himself.

"Buongiorno, Primo." [2] The tall and lean man's back was turned to him, so he couldn't make out his face. The man then slowly moved to look at him, but his fedora was hiding his eyes. "I am the world's greatest hitman, my name's Reborn."

After hearing the word 'hitman,' Giotto didn't think twice lighting his flame, and in an instant, sapphire eyes turned amber.

Reborn smirked, silently applauding Primo's choice to activate his flames but not make a rash movement of attack. "Relax, I'm not here to kill you or any of that sort. I actually came here to ask you a favor," by the time he finished what he was saying, he was already fully facing Giotto, revealing his eyes to stare him down.

Giotto's eyes then widened upon seeing the yellow pacifier dangling from the neck of the man calling himself Reborn, "you're an Arcobaleno."

"Right you are," the said Arcobaleno took off his fedora and bowed slightly before locking them both in another stare off.

"Well? Let's hear that favor," Giotto took the initiative, thinking there was no going around this since an Arcobaleno of all people came to his house for a favor, but not entirely loosing his guard.

"You believe me?" Reborn had to question.

"You're an Arcobaleno, that much is obvious by the strength leaking out of you,"
with that dangerous hint of killing

intent

,
Giotto chose to leave that last part to himself.

"And so I assume you wish to hear the favor first before deciding to do anything about it?" Reborn couldn't help smirking at that unsaid line that was so obviously written on the other man's face.

Giotto merely nodded, ignoring the mocking grin that seemed to be forever plastered on the face of the taunting man.

"Very well then, the favor is simple... I just need you to babysit," and again, that smirk made its way to be expressed.

Giotto blinked, "babysit?"

"Yes, babysit. Simple enough, isn't it?" Reborn nodded to himself. But just as Primo was trying to ponder about it, there was a sudden banging on the door.

"Giotto! Open the damn door! You gotta see something!" Came the frantic voice of his right-hand man.

Giotto was baffled, not by the panic of G since he's always like that, but by his door, he didn't remember locking it.
"It must've been the hitman,"
he thought to himself as he tried to peer behind him, but it surprised him that Reborn wasn't there anymore. He was about to call out when he heard the opening of his door, he quickly turned around to see the man he was looking for answering his door.

Reborn opened it wide enough to allow the person in, but G didn't step inside, he was surprised to see another man in the room with Primo.

"Who are you?" G tried to feel his gun under his shirt, but before he touched it another voice was heard.

"Reborn!" Tsuna rejoiced upon seeing the man who left him back there.

Giotto got surprised at the little voice, but before he was able to find the source, Reborn had blocked him from seeing. G was stunned speechless, the hitman moved too fast, even Alaude and Daemon were alerted.

"Ah, Dame-Tsuna, didn't I tell you to stay put?" Reborn bent down at the boy and made sure Giotto wouldn't see even a glimpse of him.

"I-I'm so-sorry, they sa-said that I sho-shouldn't be t-there," Tsuna kept his head down.

Reborn sighed, "well, I guess it can't be helped since you're here already," he turned to look at Primo.

"Is he the child?" Giotto asked as he tried to take a peek, but Reborn made sure not to let him, this made him frown.

"Once you see him, you might not be able to say no anymore," the hitman explained.

"What do you mean?" Giotto asked, further perplexed by the situation.

And as the man in the fedora took his sweet time, G decided to break his silence, "hey, Giotto, what's going on? You know these people?"

Giotto was broken off from his staring competition, "well..." but as he thought about it, the little voice was heard once again.

"Nee~ Reborn? I feel fu-funny-weird," there was an obvious tug at the pants of the hitman, and the man looked down behind him.

"Oh, like how?" He already had an idea but it would be better to have Primo and the first generation guardians witness it for themselves.

"Li-like somethin's gu-gonna happen, a-and I'm not gunna li-like it," the voice sounded meek, but also a little troubled.

"Hmm, I see... your hyper intuition, it's developing too fast," Reborn noted to himself, making sure everyone else heard him. He smirked.

"Nee~ I-I wanna go-go home," Tsuna tried to plead, feeling a great dread for what was to come.

At that Reborn lost his grin, then he knelt down, making sure to shield the boy from Giotto's line of sight once again. "I'm sorry, Dame-Tsuna. But you're going to have to stay here."

"Eh? Wh-why? A-and you're not even re-really sorry," Tsuna whined childishly.

Reborn let out a chuckle, "well, you know what this pacifier means, right?" He pointed to the yellow trinket dangling from his chest.

Tsuna nodded, "it me-means that yo-you're an Arco-baleno."

At this, the guardians were alerted.

"And...?" Reborn prodded.

"A-and, you have an im-portant j-job...?" Tsuna was unsure.

"That's right, and do you wanna know why we're here?" When Tsuna shook his little head, the sun Arcobaleno finally took this chance to explain. "Right now, there's a big problem that the Arcobalenos have to solve, I'm one of them so that means I have to go. And while away, I won't be able to watch over you so I brought you here... to your father."

Everyone suddenly felt something took a dive in the gut of their stomachs, but they didn't say anything, they waited for the boy's response.

Tsuna's eyes shone hopefully, but it quickly passed, "but I-I dun have a Pa-papa."

"Yes, you do, otherwise you wouldn't be born," Reborn scoffed sadly.

"But th-that's impossible, Papa's de-dead," Tsuna tightly closed his eyes, shaking his head again.

"No, he isn't, would you like to see?" Reborn gave him a push towards himself and allowed him to take a peek behind him.

Tsuna tightly clung to the hem of his shirt, before slowly inching to take a look.

From Giotto's point of view, he saw a spiky brown mess of hair slowly making its way out from the corner of the hitman's body, he blinked twice. And then, he saw that eye, and it made his breath hitch. He only saw one because right after that big chocolate doe-like eye curiously peered at him, it quickly hid away as soon as it came. But that one millisecond was all it took, for Giotto to be overwhelmed by the urge to see the child entirely. He took a step closer, but stopped when the child suddenly wailed.

"I wa-wanna go-go home! No-now!" Tsuna's hiccups becoming prominent. "Th-that's just an ill-illusion! Yo-you're playing tri-tricks on me again! Re-reborn, you're so-so-so mean!"

"I trick you not, Dame-Tsuna. That was your father right there," Reborn was sounding serious now, he didn't like it when Tsuna started crying.

"No, no, no! Se-secondo told me-me himself that my Pa-papa died!" Tsuna continued to wail, and Giotto couldn't take it anymore.

"Just what in the world is going on?‼ I demand you tell us now," Giotto didn't understand why the hitman was telling the child that he was his father, sure the spiky hair was familiar but that was just impossible since he was never in a relationship with any women. And it also bothered him that the child kept saying that his Papa was dead.

Reborn sighed, before taking his stand again. He faced Primo, but before he could say anything something started beeping. He looked at the source of the sound, his watch.

"Hmm, looks like my time's up, I'll have to cut the long story short," Reborn's eyes turned into that of a killer, before he confidently raised his chin. "This child and I came from the future, roughly ten years from now, and he is going to be your son."

Everyone held their breaths, tension fell thick.

"In our time, the current Vongola Boss, Secondo, is waging war and is putting a lot of people in danger, including your son, Vongola's heir. We, the Arcobalenos are being called for help and while fighting you can't expect any of us to be babysitting your son, and we can't trust anyone either so we decided to bring him here, in your care. Now, you don't have to believe me or anything, but this child has to stay here, it's the only way we can assure his life," Reborn finished in one breath.

But before Giotto, or any of them could react, the child beat them to it.

"No, no, no! I dun wa-wanna stay he-here! I wanna go-go home! I wanna be with Mama!" By this time, tears were already steadily streaking down his face.

Then Reborn's very short string of patience snapped, "Dame-Tsuna, you do know how much I hate spoiled brats, right?"

"Eeep!" Tsuna was silenced at that, but then it was Primo's turn.

"You can't talk to a child like that,"
and most certainly not to 'my' child,
Giotto made his way towards the child, brushing against Reborn in his fury. But as he was about to take hold of the child and comfort him, he stopped. This was the first time he's able to fully see the child, and their resemblance was just undeniable even he couldn't believe it.

This child is going to be his son in the future, and in all honesty, it would be harder to
not
believe he was his son.

Tsuna stared at him, but he didn't hold his attention long enough, "Reborn!" The child called for the hitman who was slowly being covered in glowing blue embers, desperately trying to crawl his way to his Tutor, he cried even more. "No! Re-reborn! Dun le-leave me! I dun wa-wanna stay he-here! Ta-take me with yo-you!"

"I'm sorry, Dame-Tsuna, but even I can't do anything further," Reborn then turned to look at Primo, "don't get too attached, I'll come back to fetch him when things have settled down."

"Nooo! Uwaaah!" Once Tsuna finally realized that he was indeed being left behind, he let out his loudest wail. And much to everyone's surprise, flame flickered on his forehead surrounded his body as he continued to cry.

Reborn merely stared, this wasn't the first time he lit his flames after getting upset, he turned to Primo one last time, "well, he's your problem now." And with that, he promptly disappeared. "Arrivederci..." [3]

"Waaahh! Uwaaah!" Tsuna continued to cry even more after Reborn had already left.

"For God's sake, Giotto! Do something!" Daemon reprimanded after getting over the initial shock.


He's right!
Giotto panicked as he quickly knelt down beside the poor boy, "hey there, little one. Please stop crying, we're going to take care of you so there's nothing to worry about."

But Tsuna didn't let up, he didn't even seem to listen.

"What now?" Giotto turned to his guardians, but they also did not have the slightest clue as to how one consoles a child.

"I don't know! Touch him!" G bellowed, panic hitting their senses as the child's crying toned down, only because he was starting to pant.

"He can't control his flames, he's hyperventilating!" Knuckles too got on his knees.

And when Giotto saw that his child was going critical, he did what intuition told him to do. He activated his hyper dying will mode, before enclosing his son in his warmest embrace. He didn't know if he was doing it right, but he cradled him as gently as he possibly could.

"There, there, little one. Shh... calm down, I'm here." He then raised a finger in front of his son's forehead, and diminished the flame by overcoming it with his own. He whispered his gentle reassurance, "shh... don't be scared, Papa's here."

And that was when Tsuna finally calmed down, tightly gripping on Giotto's shirt as he was slowly being lulled to sleep.

Primo kissed his son's forehead as the child completely drifted away to dreamland, then he stood up and faced his guardians, dismissing his own flames. "Looks like I have a kid."

"No," Daemon retorted with a smirk, "
we
have an
heir
."


Giotto led the way through a door connecting his office to his bedroom, he didn't want to put his son in one of the guestrooms because he wants to be as close as possible for when he wakes up. Followed by his guardians, they saw how he carefully tried to lay down Tsuna, but he couldn't because the child was clinging too tightly. He chuckled and lied down beside his son, gently taking the small fingers off his shirt one by one.

After successfully freeing himself from his child's grasp, Giotto allowed himself to give his little angel a kiss, one on the right cheek and another on his forehead. He smiled to himself as he covered the sleeping little figure on his bed.

Suddenly he heard a snicker, so he turned to look at his guardians, only to find most of them struggling in fits of laughter. Lampo and G were holding their stomachs, Asari and Daemon were covering their mouths, while Knuckles was smiling to the extreme, and Alaude just rolled his eyes on him.

"What?" The well-renowned Vongola boss asked in slight whisper, not wanting to wake up his boy.

"It's only been a few minutes and you're already acting like a love-sick doting father!" G laughed and tired to control himself so he would't be so loud.

Giotto felt his cheeks go warm, but merely ignored them as he led the way back to his office.

"So... how did this happen?" G asked as soon as the bedroom door was closed.

"I don't know," Giotto sighed as he took the seat behind his desk, "the man from before said they were from the future..."

"Did he say anything else?" This time it was Alaude who questioned him.

"Well, he introduced himself as the world's greatest hitman," Giotto rested his chin on intertwined fingers, "that he was an Arcobaleno who needs to fight so he can't watch over my child."

"We heard that much, anything else that we don't already know?" Alaude pressed.

Giotto shook his head, "we just started talking when all of you arrived."

"That brief, they were really in a hurry, huh?" G walked over to the open balcony behind Giotto and pulled out a cigarette.

Before silence took over Daemon voiced a concern, "Bambino mentioned something about a Secondo, didn't he?"

They all looked at each other.

"What does that mean?" Daemon narrowed his eyes.

"That from the time they came from, we're not in position anymore?" Asari tried to answer.

"But he also said that his Papa was dead, didn't he?" Daemon continued to push it.

"Then, could it be that they came from a time where..." Asari trailed off not wanting to finish his sentence.

"Where we're already dead," G finished for him.

Silence.

"We need to interrogate him once he wakes up," Alaude motioned to leave.

"What? But Alaude!" Giotto tried to protest.

"We won't lock him underground, we'll just talk to him," Alaude clarified, opening the door to the hallway for his exit.

After Alaude closed the door, Giotto slumped back in his seat. And for a while, silence filled the air again until he realized he had completely missed something. "Wait—what was the child's name? The hitman, Reborn, called him 'Dame-Tsuna', but I don't think..."

"His name is Tsunayoshi Vongola," Daemon was the one who answered.

"Tsuna is probably his nickname," Asari added with a smile.

"I see," Giotto nodded to himself, pleased to hear he was bearing his name, "so his name is Tsunayoshi."

Funny, he liked how the name rolled off his tongue.



AN:


1.) Bambino - is italian for baby, youngling, child, infant.

2.) Buongiorno - Hello, good day, good morning.

3.) Arrivederci - Goodbye.

Since there are already a lot of time-traveling parental fluffs, I'm going to take a different turn in this fic. So, just so you guys know, this will be a little angsty; the kids will be a little rebellious; and they will not linger in one time-space for too long. You'll know what that means later. For now, please review! :D

— Lynx

01082014

>