

LAST CHAPTER! And it took me what? 3 years! Since 2014! LOL! I'm so sorry, I dragged this on for so long. I was repeatedly seduced by other fandoms, and I'm hella weak~ xD

If anyone ever wonders if I'm still actively writing and for whichever fandom, you can just check my profile for my latest update, whichever fic that'll be. And you'll get to figure out which fandom I'm currently in, or just whatever yeah. ;3


Ages:


27 - Ryohei, Mukuro, Kyouya
26 - Takeshi, Hayato
25 - Chrome, Lambo
24 - Tsuna



"Primo Meets Decimo"



Chapter 10: The Tenth Boss of Vongola.



"I'll give you three months."


That was Kyouya's answer after being asked how much longer they had until the liquidation process starts, or until the idea had presented itself. Still, up to now they had nothing, and it had been exactly three months already. Giotto was still the Boss, his friends were still loyally proceeding with their duties as guardians for the famiglia, and not once was the idea of a dissolution ever made itself present in any of their conversations, be it casual or in their meetings.

Something was going to happen, he could feel it. Something that would pave the way for the decision to be made, whether through them or by itself, but what?

It scares him. What could happen that would make him decide to just lose it all? They've met their kids already, they've gone back and forth several times in fact they're all grown up now and will probably have no more reasons of coming back to this time anymore. Not that anyone said anything about it, but it was only the natural course of their history he supposed. Unless of course something bad happens again and they had to turn to their last resort yet again, which Giotto strongly prayed against just for the safety of their children.

He didn't need to meet them again, no matter how much he wanted to, he would be fine just knowing that they were all doing well.

Tsu-kun is already the Boss, and he already knows he was proud of him. Everything was almost already said and done, there was nothing more he could wish for when it came to Tsu-kun. But maybe, there still was... when was he going to meet his future wife, Tsu-kun's mother, where is she? Why is it taking so long for him to find her? Or for anything to happen at all?

Giotto had been mentally preparing himself since the first time he met Tsu-kun, his future son. And when was that? How long has it been? Six months? Give and take.

He sighed, the only thing he was able to accomplish with his daydreaming was to effectively distract himself from paperwork. He wasn't getting anywhere and even thinking wasn't helping.

Thankfully, a knock on the door saved him from going back to work.

"Come in," he called out to whoever was behind the door.

When the door opened, Giotto had to pause in shuffling his papers around the table to stare up at the unrecognizable man at his door.

"My apologies, Primo-sama! He insisted to coming here himself," the maid cowered behind the man.

"It's okay," Giotto waved off the maid to deal with the guest himself.

But before the maid could walk out of the room, the man stopped her and spoke. "Please alert all of the Vongola Guardians as well, that they have guests waiting for them at the sitting room."

The maid looked at Giotto for confirmation and he nodded to her before she went on her way.

"Guests? So there's more of you?" Giotto had to ask once left alone with the stranger.

"Yes, the entire family in fact." The man smiled, visibly trying not to be conspicuous at the statement considering the Boss doesn't seem to have recognized him yet, before bowing his head as low as his waist would let him. "It's nice to see you again, Primo-sama." The man straightened up and wore an almost cheeky smile. "It's me, Gokudera Hayato. The Tenth Vongola Guardian of the Storm and right-hand man to Vongola Decimo."

With eyes widening, Giotto blinked up at the man, who was obviously taller than him, about the same height as his own Storm Guardian, who only happens to be the said man's father. He was wearing a black suit, of course, with a red undershirt. Hair cut a little shorter, and face definitely sharper, and more mature. Primo searched his eyes for the lie, or the joke, but neither was there. He was telling the truth.

"Juudaime is waiting for you at the sitting room," Gokudera stated a little clearer to give the first Boss the encouragement he seemed to be asking for.

This time, Giotto managed to smile. Soft and serene and full of mirth. "It's nice to finally see you again too, Hayato."


Gokudera led the way to the mansion's sitting room, pausing in front of the door by the entrance hall as they met with the rest of the first generation guardians. He bowed again, as solemn as he had before. "My apologies for coming unannounced, it's good to see that all of you are doing well." He straightened up, but no one returned the greeting. No one has recognized him yet, and he fought so hard internally not to laugh at their faces. His father was the one standing up front, scowling at him before glancing towards Primo.

Giotto didn't say anything and just continued smiling, almost equally amused as Hayato by their reactions. Lampo, Asari and Knuckles were looking at one another, in somewhat confusion, wordlessly asking if anyone recognized the man. But no one did, so Hayato cleared his throat and took a step forward towards G.

"Father, it's me."

G's eyes shot open so wide, one would be worried over his eyeballs falling out. "Hayato?"

Gokudera smiled a lop-sided grin, sheepishly chuckling and looking down on his shoes as he felt a little embarrassed presenting himself in front of his father like this.

"It's really you?" G held him by the shoulder, before almost crushing him in a tight hug.

Hayato was frozen in his place, stunned at the sudden show of affection that he should've expected but never thought to. They stayed like that for a few seconds before the long-awaited reunion was broken off by another painfully familiar voice.

"Are we getting this done by today?" A much taller and leaner Kyouya came striding from the front doors, dressed in a similar suit as Gokudera but his undershirt was purple. He was staring at his pocket watch before snapping it close as he stopped by the side of his father. "I have a flight in two hours."

"You're late," Hayato was then promptly released from the arms of his father, frowning at the Cloud Guardian. "And we already talked about this, Kyouya. Can't you at least spare this day for our fathers?"

Instead of answering him, Kyouya faced his father. "I'm sorry, father. But I'm afraid we won't be able to stay for too long."

"Of course," Alaude replied without even batting an eyelash.

Hayato sighed, before shaking his head disapprovingly. "You do realize that Juudaime won't let you go home by yourself, right?"

Kyouya scoffed, and walked past him to open one side of the double doors. "He's not the Boss of me."

And Hayato opened the other side, all the while rolling his eyes.

"Papa!" It was Chrome who ran up to them first, the moment the doors were opened. She had longer hair, dressed in a black suit with a violet undershirt, but was matched with a pleated skirt instead of the usual trousers for men. She all but lunged at Daemon, tears in her eyes. "I missed you so much!"

"I missed you so much as well, sweetie." Daemon greeted, kissing her on her forehead, before looking up to look out for his son.

Mukuro was standing behind her, on equal height as his father. He was wearing the usual suit but with an indigo-colored undershirt. He bowed slightly. "It's been a while, father."

Daemon nodded, smile almost permanent.

"Long time no see to the extreme!" Ryohei greeted everyone, while walking to his father for a hug. All of them seemed to be in suits, coordinated with their flames, his undershirt was yellow.

"I missed you to the extreme!" Knuckles greeted back.

Lambo approached his father, also wearing a suit but with a green undershirt. He didn't hug him, just raised a hand to show off their apparent height difference. "Father, I'm bigger than you now~"

"Yeah, yeah, whatever..." Lampo waved him off, as he went to sit in one of the sofas. "How old are you now, anyway?"

"Twenty-five," Lambo followed after him, also slouching in the seat.

"Well, you definitely don't act like it," Lampo huffed and crossed his arms.

Yamamoto rose from where he sat, looking formal in his suit with a blue undershirt. He also greeted his own father with a hug. "Sorry, we aren't able to visit you guys as often as we'd like."

"Well, I'm just glad that none of you seem to be injured this time," Asari released his son from the hug, looking up at him since he was also much taller than him now.

Giotto smiled at all the fatherly reunions, everyone seemed to already be accounted for. "Where's Tsu-kun?"

Gokudera moved towards the open balcony, and seemed to be calling out for someone. The rest of the Tenth Generation Guardians followed suit and arranged themselves in a straight line. "We proudly present to you, the Tenth Boss of Vongola, Decimo."

And a twenty-four-year-old Tsu-kun walked out front to present himself. "Hello, Papa."


He was the spitting image of Giotto.

The only notable differences would be the hair and eye color, everything else was copy-pasted. His bangs were of the same length as his father, reaching over his nose in a soft wave. Eyes held a gentle light, shining in mirth and calm with maturity. His face was sharper, but not stern, just well poised. He had a lean built, not overly muscular but not lanky either. He was wearing a white suit and cloak, similar to what he wore the last time he came here, but the length of the cloak didn't stop at his rear anymore, instead it flowed to cover the entirety of his figure.

"Honestly, even I could mistake him for Giotto," Daemon chuckled good-naturedly before shaking his head in mock disbelief.

They sat themselves in front of one another, each famiglia on their respective side, sons mirroring their arrangement to that of their fathers. Tsuna sipped on a cup of tea, served to them earlier on. There doesn't seem to be any kind of urgent matter to take care of to explain why they were even here, it just felt like a proper visit for once.

"How old are you now, Tsu-kun?" Giotto broke the comfortable silence.

"Twenty-four, Papa." Tsuna smiled shyly at the rim of his cup.

"You all look so mature now," Asari commented, unable to hide his excitement.

"Yes, well... it's been a long time," Yamamoto answered, reflecting the smile of his father.

"How long exactly?" Knuckles asked.

"Ten years to the extreme!" Ryohei answered, putting up a fist.

"Ten years, huh?" G murmured.

"Again, we apologize for not being able to properly visit until now," Gokudera sent his father a sheepish smile.

"It's fine, I'm sure you're all quite busy and have a lot of things to take care of," Giotto waved off the apology. "I'm just glad you're all safe."

"But this isn't just on an act of whim, is it?" Alaude steered the conversation to a more serious course. "Considering the gravity of your previous travels here, we would assume this isn't just an opportunity to say 'hi'?"

"Never a dull moment with the Cloud Guardians," Mukuro sneered towards Kyouya's direction behind him.

Tsuna smiled with a grimace, setting down his cup on the coffee table. He opted to answer the older Cloud's query and ignore Mukuro's snide remark. "Indeed, it is so unfortunate that we have to meet again under these circumstances. Although, that's not to say things are grievous, but still important nonetheless."

"Is there something wrong?" Giotto's expression was immediately taken over by concern.

"Well... not right now." Tsuna stared down at his hands, clasping them together before giving a tight squeeze. He was nervous, but he didn't want to be grim. He took a deep breath and braced himself, before looking back up at his father, a somewhat cheerful smile back on his face. "We have important news for all of you, two actually. Which would you like to hear first, the good news or the bad news?"

Giotto looked afflicted, he glanced towards his right-hand man and G gave him a small nod. "The bad news."

Tsuna visibly pressed his lips, smile gone as he eyed the cup of tea he was drinking earlier. He thought about taking another sip, but decided against it. He slowly brought his eyes back up at his father, and looked around his guardians, before resigning himself to his fate. He had to say it, that was the reason they came back here in the first place.

"We have decided to liquidate Vongola."

Then came the absolute silence.

Tsuna watched in grave resignation the smallest and slowest tweaks in his father's changing expression, it didn't go much from worried though. The same goes for the rest of the First Generation Guardians.

"Which is a terrible idea," Kyouya's clipped voice continued to break the silence, powered by the chance of a disagreement.

"And while I hate to agree with Kyouya, I have to admit that I also voted strongly against this," Mukuro crossed his arms, looking to his father before glancing to his right towards the younger right-hand man.

"Unfortunately, our three measly votes were easily outnumbered." Gokudera took the hint and supported their side, he closed his eyes as this was a decision he couldn't agree with at all with his Boss.

"Oh, come on, you guys. We were pretty democratic about this," Yamamoto chuckled sheepishly at the antics of his co-guardians.

"Democracy is nothing more but a pretentious rule of the mob," Mukuro grumbled loud enough for everyone to hear. "I would not leave it to you to understand though."

"Hey, easy there. We already talked about this, you guys know why we decided to do this," Ryohei tried to remind them of their reasons.

But Gokudera was not sharing the sentiment. "We?
We
didn't decide to do this.
You
did, against
our
decision not to." Stressing 'we' and 'our' by pointing to himself, Mukuro and Hibari. The three of them were all on Tsuna's left side.

"Well, it's the three of you against the five of us, and the Boss is on our side." Lambo actually had the gull to stick his tongue out at them.

"Why you little- what are you five?!" Gokudera rolled his sleeves up, and made an act of grabbing for Lambo's collar, but was stopped by the voice of their Boss.

"Enough already! Stop embarrassing me in front of Papa!" Tsuna turned to glare at them, and the guardians let go of each other, rearranging themselves back to their previous stances, but not without grumbling to themselves.

"I'm sorry, Juudaime," Gokudera rolled his sleeves back down.

Tsuna huffed and turned his attention back to his father. "Please excuse us, Papa. We don't usually argue like this."

"Yeah, right." Mukuro couldn't help but scoff, Gokudera promptly elbowed him on the side as Tsuna pinched the bridge of his nose, trying to discreetly hide the reddening of his cheeks.

"In any case, we're here to let you know of the decision we came to," Tsuna straightened up, meeting his father's eyes squarely. "I'm sorry, Papa. Vongola isn't going any further from us."

For a moment they had silence again, but this time it was broken off by Giotto himself.

"No... we're sorry, for everything." Giotto didn't even know how to put it all into words, all the bad things that happened to their sons because of the selfish decisions of their pasts. He couldn't even bare to think about it.

"No, please don't be. You gave us so much and we're forever grateful." Tsuna shook his head, eyes getting glassy. He then stood up and walked around the coffee table to hug his father. "I love you very much, Papa. I'm so proud to be your son. I'm so happy with the life you gave me. And we're not doing this because it was terrible, because it wasn't. We enjoyed every bit of it, the hard times that made us stronger, the little mischiefs here and there. It was all so exciting and so much fun, I still can't really believe it." He pulled away, and stared into his father's eyes. "So thank you, for everything."

At the back of his mind, Giotto figured Tsuna was only saying this to make him feel better, but he wasn't going to argue, not when he might actually end up crying. "Thanks to you too, Tsu-kun. You have no idea how happy you make me."

They straightened up and shared a little laugh, before Giotto steers them back on track. "And the good news?"

Tsuna had a look of surprise on his face, caught off guard by the sudden question. He then looked away and bit his lower lip, cheeks reddening again for some reason. He heaved a deep breath and smiled happily at his father.

"I'm getting married."


Daemon poured himself a glass of red wine, offering another glass to Mukuro but the younger Mist shook his head with a smile. They were in his office, taking the most of the time they had together again, each father spending it with their son, and a daughter in his case. He took a full swig, finishing the drink all at once before setting the glass aside and sitting himself in front of his son, Chrome was sitting beside him.

He sighed, running a hand through his hair as if exasperated. "I still can't believe your Boss is already getting married, isn't this all too soon?"

"He's been the Vongola Boss for ten years now, taking care of the family since our last visit here. I'm pretty sure he's capable enough, and it's not exactly a big deal to any of us." Mukuro spoke, both eyebrows raised to express his nonchalance regarding the matter.

"Well, I guess I can take your word for it," Daemon leaned back before narrowing his eyes on his son. "But what about you? When are you getting married?"

Mukuro smirked, but wasn't fazed. "Not any time soon, father. Unfortunately, I have not any interest in romance as of yet. I would love to inform you though, that you have a better chance of getting a juicy answer from Chrome here, when it comes to those matters."

"Onii-chan!" Chrome widened her eyes at her brother, struggling to glare as if betrayed.

"Chrome?" Daemon was suddenly turning to her, dread written all over his feature.

"It's not like that, father. I jut have a boyfriend, but we don't have any plans of getting married..." Chrome had to look away before ending her sentence, "yet."

"How long have you been with him?" Daemon held her hand in between his, trying to make himself to look understanding enough for her to tell the truth.

"Uhmm, five years? I think, something like that," Chrome kept her eyes on their hands, obviously shying away.

"That's a pretty long time already," Daemon heard himself mutter under his breath.

"Indeed," Mukuro's voice broke him out of his thoughts. "But you need not worry, father. As much as the guy in question is a complete animal, Ken's actually one of my most loyal subordinates. If he dares hurt my little sister, I assure you, I will slaughter him myself."

Daemon slowly tore his eyes away from Chrome to look at his son, he nodded as solemn as he would for any order, albeit a little conflicted at hearing the word 'animal' but still grateful that now he had a name at the very least.

"That wouldn't happen though, because he's always so nice to me," Chrome defended, pouting to the direction of her brother.

"It's just reassurances, Chrome." Mukuro chuckled to himself, as he sent her a nod. "Just reassurances."

Their little family time was interrupted by a ring of the phone on Daemon's desk. He wordlessly went over to answer it, smiling as he heard the voice on the other line, and covering the mouthpiece to speak to his children. "It's your mother."


Alaude followed after Kyouya through the long hallways of the mansion, leading to the family library. His son had mentioned earlier that most of the families archives were destroyed during the great battle that arose from the dissolution, they were able to manage with what they had left, but it was still a good kind of help to be able to browse through certain information from here.

"Kyouya," Alaude called over, stopping in his tracks in the middle of the hallway.

His son paused, turning to look back at him. He was much taller than him now.

"Don't be overly audacious, we do not know what kind of future lies ahead of us no matter how sure of it we are ourselves."

"I'm not." Kyouya blinked at him, seemingly not taking offense albeit disagreeing.

"If in case the liquidation does not go over too well for the family, the very least you should do is secure an heir. That's a part of your job, as the aloof drifting Cloud, protecting the family from an independent standpoint. Even though, you didn't agree with the decision."

"I understand, father. You need not recite my vows for me," Kyouya released a huff, but his words didn't have a bite to it. "I hate to break it to you though, that the leadership over CEDEF has already been passed down to Hayato, not me. I have established my own Foundation now, and you need not worry regarding our influence towards the rest of the family. Hayato and I are still but mere guardians to the Boss."

Alaude closed his eyes and released a soft content sigh, resuming his walk towards the family library. "I'm not worried."


Knuckles and Ryohei walked side-by-side, through the gardens. Everyone was ecstatic about the idea of Tsu-kun getting married, but it had a somewhat special appeal to him considering his service to the Church. The future truly was ahead of them, maybe a little too far in fact. But it's all good, he wouldn't be the one to complain.

"It would probably be nice to be the one wedding Tsu-kun to his bride," he mentioned absent-mindedly.

"Oh yeah, you're a priest," Ryohei was suddenly reminded. "Yeah, that'd be nice... even nicer if you could wed us too."

"Are you also prepared to settle down, son?" Knuckles didn't wish to pry because those things of the future felt like it had nothing to do with him anymore, still he couldn't be blamed for caring and being curious of his son's affairs in the future. All that could have been, and at the same time, cannot be possible for him.

"Hah! Yeah, I've been with this girl for seven years now, and counting," Ryohei grinned from ear to ear. "I wish you could meet her to the extreme."

"Me too." Knuckles nodded solemnly, but didn't want to brood about it. "What's her name? What is she like?"

"Hana is very strong-willed! Kind and considerate, but she isn't too good with kids. It's okay though, because I am!" Ryohei laughed, remembering the many times she told him she'd rather deal with mafiosos than babies. "She's actually the best friend of Tsuna's bride."

"Oh, I see," Knuckles smiled at his son's optimism, he was really very happy for him. "It's nice that you kids didn't allow the whole mafia deal take over your lives completely, settling down and living a peaceful life is best."

"That was our reason, father," Ryohei smiled sadly. "We've long decided that our future will be in your name."

"I'm glad."


Lampo served his son a slice of cake in the kitchen, it was like a usual routine, eating sweets together. All the while, whining about the marriage he'd just heard of from the not-so-little Tsu-kun. "Giotto hasn't even met his mother yet, and he's already thinking of getting married?" He sighed dramatically. "What is wrong with this world? Everything's out of order!"

"There wasn't order to begin with," Lambo lazily flicked a strawberry in his mouth, before licking the icing off his finger.

"There would be if you guys just stayed in your time, and not tamper with things that shouldn't be meddled with," Lampo lectured, as if he had the right.

"Does that mean you don't want to see us anymore?" Lambo wasn't looking at him, and instead was keeping his eyes locked on the cake he was slicing with his fork. "Why does it bother you anyway?"

"You were supposed to be just kids, and now you aren't." Lampo didn't answer the first question. "You're even older than me now, and you're supposed to be my son."

"Only by a few years, and that's understandable considering time-travel." Lambo swallowed a spoonful of cake before following up another question. "Anyway, is it really such a big deal?"

Lampo stared at him with a frown, crossing his arms. He was quiet for a moment and just as Lambo thought he wouldn't speak anymore he did. "We didn't get to see you kids grow up at all."

"You did."

"Barely."

"Does it matter?"

"I'm your father." Lampo looked down at his feet, visibly upset and a little ashamed. "As horrible as I was at that job, I still am your father... Of course, it matters."

Lambo closed his eyes with a smile. "I wasn't sure if I wanted to tell you earlier, but now I do."

"What is it this time?" Lampo frowned.

"I have a girlfriend too. Her name is Ipin and she's a martial artist." Lambo grinned, proud and gloating.

Lampo sighed, not really surprised. "And here I am, scared of knocking someone up to accidentally produce you."


Asari held a proper Japanese tea ceremony between his son and himself inside his room, he watched as Takeshi sipped a cup holding it in both hands. He tried to be discreet in observing, but he was sure he failed. He was just thankful his son didn't seem to mind the staring. Even just sitting on his knees, Takeshi held himself higher thanks to his height. He was more muscular than his father, his skin had become darker, he seemed even older. Asari noticed the small clipped scar on his chin, and vaguely wondered how he got it. It must've been from some battle, and he wasn't sure if he wanted to know the story. He was curious, that was for certain, but knowing wouldn't really help any. Still he was his father and that should be enough, if not the right to know then at least the right to ask. Then again, if he was going to ask any question at all, he'd rather be it about something more interesting.

"How have you been?"

"Pretty fine, things have started to slow down after the decision was made," Yamamoto answered, willing to humour any question from his father.

"That's good," Asari paused, unsure to ask his real question. "Are you also...?"

Yamamoto stared at how his father gestured his hands in a circular motion, and looked a bit confused for a bit. "If this is about Tsuna's wedding, then the answer is no. I am not currently involved with anyone."

"Oh, all right then. Sorry about that," honestly, Asari wasn't sure if he should be happy or disappointed. Either way, he has no control or influence whatsoever in his son's life in the future. He just might've wanted to know more and be there somehow.

"No problem, it's fine," Yamamoto was trying to gauge his father's reaction but he wasn't really keen on that so he left it be.

"There will come a time for you, though," Asari stared questioningly. "Right?"

"Maybe," Yamamoto let out a boyish grin. "Well, okay. Hopefully, really."

Asari chuckled, this was getting a little awkward. "I just wish you happiness."

"I know, Dad." Yamamoto nodded, feeling a little helpless but glad. "And I assure you, I couldn't be any more happier in my life right now. You have absolutely nothing to worry about."

That silenced Asari, he didn't know what more to say.

Yamamoto took that as a sign to continue. "You should just enjoy your life too, and be happy. Don't worry about me."

Asari smiled. "You're right, deep down I know you'll be all right. And we'll be fine over here too."

"Yeah, just do what you have to do."


G and Gokudera sat at the steps of the front porch, smoking a few sticks. He stared over his son, mulling over how he should put his thoughts into words. He just found out that Hayato had taken over CEDEF, and he wasn't going to deny not being worried after witnessing his son obviously and adamantly disagreeing with the decision of liquidation. He understood the pros and cons, but to be frankly honest, he wasn't sure what to do, because even Giotto and the first generation had not brought out that matter yet, let alone reaching a consensus over it.

"I still can't believe you would disagree with Tsu-kun over this whole thing, considering how you were when you were younger, never questioning his judgment." G huffed, easing the conversation slowly.

"He gave us the chance for an honest vote," Gokudera tried to defend calmly. "No matter how many times I think about it, it's just too troublesome."

"I gotta say, I'm surprised too," G flicked his cigarette to break the ash. "It was almost funny that you took this side with only Mukuro and Kyouya. I'm not surprised the three of you would have the strongest opinions about it though."

"Well, it's not like the other side's opinions were any weaker." Gokudera blew smoke through his nose, and then bit his lip. "Would you have decided to go with it or against it?"

"I don't know," G answered honestly, shaking his head. "I don't know what would be better for you."

Gokudera glanced at him, but didn't say anything.

"If we go along with that decision, you would still be born in the mafia world." G stared at the burning of his cigarette.

"But you would be with me," Gokudera grounded, searching the eyes of his father.

G finally looked over to him, meeting his gaze. "Yeah, but I could also lose that vote like you did."

Gokudera nodded, closed his eyes and heaved a deep breath.

G patted his son's back, before gripping his shoulder. "You're a whole lot better than me, Hayato. In fact, all of you kids are amazing. You'll be fine."


Giotto and Tsuna made the best of their private time together, enjoying tea in the balcony of Giotto's office. For the past hour, his son had been talking non-stop about Kyoko, his bride. How he met her, why he liked her so much, how he told her the truth about the mafia, how she was targeted by the enemies and protected by him. He also spoke of the family, the trials and tribulations of being a mafia Boss, and his ever-so-troublesome guardians. Their reliable allies, their formidable enemies, and how they made peace with them all. Giotto later figured out that Tsuna had apparently inherited his infamous Vongola charm, if his 'winning a war with just a smile' was anything to go by.

Oh, how he wished to have seen it all.

Giotto knew for sure that Tsuna was an amazing Boss, no doubt about that. But he still couldn't help but worry. "Are you... really sure about this?"

"There's no changing my mind, Papa." Tsuna knew his father was talking about the liquidation.

"But you could fail... you could lose," Giotto was honestly scared to death. It was that very same decision that started all of this, even he wasn't sure if he'd push through with it himself. "What happened to us could happen to you... to your child."

"Believe me, Papa. I know that more than you," Tsuna was determined and calm, smiling softly with clear understanding. "History could repeat itself for as many times as it takes, and we will continue to make the same decision for as long as we believe it's best."

"Spoken like a true Boss," Giotto couldn't help openly marveling at his son.

"I learned from the best," Tsuna giving his father a meaningful nod. "I have to admit though, I do feel as if I should be, if not a little scared, but I'm not... I feel completely at ease, because of you, Papa. To me, you are like the great sky... so you were with me, always."

Giotto wanted to say how much he wished he felt the same, but he didn't want to dampen his son's resolve. So instead, he nodded and secretly made a decision for himself.

"Papa, this should be the last time we see each other," Tsuna smiled sadly.

"No, we'll see each other again." Giotto smiled confidently, his own resolve flowing through. "And when that time comes, you'll be my baby."

Tsuna's eyes widened at the meaning, and then gently smiled with almost teary eyes. "Yeah, I can't wait."

With this kind of arrangement, both Giotto and Tsuna knew things were going to be different from however they hope it would be. Giotto would have a son, and that son would probably not have the memories of himself in the future where he traveled into the past. As for Tsuna, nothing should be changed. But if he's father would be able to change his destiny, then from the very beginning he wouldn't have been his father at all. No, of course he was. "I'm so happy I met you, Papa."

Giotto responded by standing and going over his son to hug him, they were standing in equal height now. He then pulled away, held his son's face and looked into his eyes. "Me too, and we'll meet again."

Tsuna nodded. "We'll meet again."


That night, Giotto and his guardians held a meeting after dinner. He had been thinking over and over again about the liquidation, but it wasn't until Tsu-kun's last visit that he realized the decision presented itself not with them, but with Tsu-kun. The reason the mere idea of it never even presented itself in the slightest, was because it wasn't their decision in the first place, it was Tsu-kun's. The decision of their kids to liquidate Vongola was what spurred them on to making the same choice, and ultimately brought about the consequences that their children in the future had to endure, which was the very same reason they came up with the decision in the first place. It was a paradox.

Now the question is, can they break the cycle?

Daemon cleared his throat to speak, breaking the thickening tension. "Before anything else, I'd like to announce something."

He managed to break everyone's line of thought, waiting for Giotto's nod of approval before continuing.

"I received a phone call from Elena earlier," Daemon sighed, looking up to meet everyone in the eye before finishing. "She's pregnant... Mukuro will be born in nine months."

Silence.

"Well... uhm," Giotto coughed. "Congratulations!"

"Yeah, that's..." Knuckles had to pause due to the awkwardness. "-great news to the extreme!"

Honestly it sounded more like a question, and it didn't help that almost all of them seemed to have a troubled look on their faces.

Even Asari who kept nodding enthusiastically beside him, who chose to keep his mouth shut.

"Thanks for the support," Daemon frowned at all of them.

Lampo looked beside him towards Alaude. "But then, that means..."

"Based on their ages, Alaude's next." G muttered under his breath.

And Alaude all but glared at him for even mentioning it.

"All right, then," Giotto tried to gather everyone's bearings. "I guess that makes this a good time as any to bring about the long-awaited discussion."

They all looked through one another's faces, searching for any answer to questions they'd rather not be asked. Not one of them was certain.

"Let's take a vote, and then explain our reasons."


To flourish, or to perish?



The End.


AN:


Okay, this is really the end of this fic as I imagined it before I even begun writing. An open ending, yes. Because I couldn't decide which would be better. I thought I'd get enough ideas before it reaches the end, but now that I'm here, I still haven't got any.

Anyway, there are only three possible endings to this fic, and I will let you choose:


1.)
The first generation will win the great battle and live the rest of their lives with their kids. The future Tsuna and his guardians will have come from a parallel world instead.


2.)
The first generation will lose the great battle and die. The future that Tsuna and his guardians came from will have come true.


3.)
The first generation will
not
push through with the liquidation, and live with their kids in the mafia. Again, the future Tsuna and his guardians will have come from a parallel world instead.

I'm still not sure if I'll ever get to write an epilogue though, I would if I could just make up my mind. xD

And that's it! Thanks for bearing with me until now! This fic was published 3 years ago on this very same day! So, for all of those who are still here, many thanks!

Please review! :3

— Lynx

20170108

>