

Disclaimer: I don't own Naruto (So yeah)

CHAPTER ONE.



LOCATION: OTOGAKURE:



Orochimaru laid with his back against the rocky wall in a small pool of his own blood. His left arm seemed like it was ripped off. And his left leg broken. Among him were severed body parts of his shinobi.

"How…could this have happened?" He asked himself as his right hand man was healing his beaten and broken body. He also were sporting a few bruises as well.


Flashback.


Orochimaru was standing in an empty chamber. His snake like eyes filled with pride for the success of this ritual. He stood there by a circle with an inverted triangle in the center; around him were several other nins sitting crossed leg chanting in on unknown language. As the chanting continues the symbol begin to grow.

"Orochimaru-sama." Kabuto called his lord kneeling behind him.

"Yes, Kabuto?" The snake sanin said with hint of a smile.

"I've receive word that Konoha is under attack from the Kyuubi no Yoko."

"That is quite interesting news." He mused as he rubs his pale chin with his equally pale hand. "Keep an eye and report to me everything that transpires. Is that understood, Kabuto?"

"Yes, Orochimaru-sama." The grey haired spy said as he uses shunshin out of the ritual room.

Orochimaru chuckled; his thick purple rope shaking through his movement. "Soon I will have my vengeance on that pitiful village." He chuckled.

As he was thinking on his vengeance he saw that the symbol began t glow an eerie purple black color. "It's time." He grinned.

The light formed to the form of a female. She wore a black robe wich clings to her body showing her figure. The robe was opened showing her F-cup cleavage. She has black and silver hair and reaches to her hips and two shoulder lengths framing her face. Her eyes were dark purple with red slit pupils and sclera being black. She wore no shoes and therefore being barefooted. A symbol on her forehead; the same circle with the inverted triangle colored red.


"What is this place?"
Her voice echoed in the chamber.

The summons sat there in awe. Before them stood the Goddess of Blood and Destruction. Some of the males in the chamber were having difficulties moving.

"You are in my village." Orochimaru said with triumph.

The woman looked at the mortals in her presence.
"Why have you summoned me, mortal?"
She asked.

"I've summon so you can submit to me." He said as if ordering her.


"I'm not interested in you, snake."
The goddess replied.

"Oh I concur my dear." The snake sanin grinned.

Suddenly chains burst out of the ground and tied around the goddess and brought her to her knees.


"What is this?"
She asked surprisingly calm.

"As you realized I had everything planned, Jashin-chan." He licked his lips. "Now if you don't mind. You will be given the honor of baring my children." He chuckled as he looked to other shinobis. "And when I'm done they can have their fun with you." He chuckled again and then breaks into a loud laughter. Wich was accompanied by said goddess.

Wich also made him stop.


"HAHAHAHAHAHA! You dare think you can make
me
yours?"
She raised an eyebrow.

"Of course." Orochimaru said. "I have summoned you. Therefore you do as I say."


"I have already chosen who I want to be with."
She grinned. "
As a matter of fact he is recently born."
And with that she easily broke the chains shocking the room occupants.

The snake sanin stood there. "Oh you will submit to me. Rather you want to or not. Get her!"

Jashin simply looked as other shinobi appeared out of the shadows ready to do their master's bidding. She shook her head the foolish mortals that
think
that they can even lay a hand on her.


"Have your fill."
She muttered as her shadow increased in size.

The oto shinobi's look as her shadow began to bubbles and pop. A clawed hand reaches out of the black substance. A creature that was black as the night came out. It was rather large and stood about nine feet two. Five razor sharp claws as fingers and three claw like toes for feet. It's head was shaped like a human's and the face female with the jashin insignia on it's forehead. She stood next to her mistress and was ready. Though her body slouched and her clawed hands were lazily hanging by her said barley touching the dirt ground.

"What in Kami's name is that?!" Yelled one of the Oto-nins.

"I don't know but I don't like it." Another commented as he pulls out a kunai.

"We have to kill this thing for Orochimaru-sama." A kunoichi said as she stood ready.


"This a shadow ravor."
The goddess introduced it.
"One of my many types of servants. Kill some of the males."
She commanded her servant.
"Bring the females and the surviving males for training."


The servants nodded her head as she slowly opens her eyes to take note of her surroundings. They were pitch black like as if no light can enter nor ecape.

The Shadow Revor let out a muffled growled wich put the trained shinobi's at their edge. With no one moving one shinobi decided to be brave and attacked the goddess from behind.

But that was a mistake that started the others demise.

For as soon that the shinobi reached the goddess another clawed hand bursts out of the shadow; piercing him right through his chest. A second S-ravor crawled out of the shadows and tossed the corpse aside like a ragdoll. It released a threatening muffled growled at the others; daring them to attack their mistress.

"Get them or die by my hands!" Orochimaru ordered them.

Out of fare for their leader they attacked the three other occupants in the room.

It was a massacre.

The two S-ravor leapt at the group taking two halves for themselves. Jashin herself leapt into the fray to have some fun herself. The two S-ravors ripped through the shinobi's like they were wet tissue papers with their razor sharp black claws. Severed limbs and innards were flown everywhere. The kunoichi's were incapacitated due to severe wounds or blood loss. Those very woman sank into the shadow that was still at the center of the room even though the goddess was not standing there. The few men sank in too albeit painfully.

Orochimaru looked in awe as his shinobi's were being killed like they were children versus angry grizzly bears. He was so awed that he nearly failed to realize the goddess in front of him.

Nearly.

Through the years of being a shinobi his body moved on instinct as he avoided a dark blood red blade where his head was. The snake sanin looked at the massive blade that nearly ended his 'immortal' life. The snake sanin moved aside and went into a Hebi-ken fighting stance.


"Such a childish stance."
The goddess taunted as she taps her weapon on her shoulder. It was indeed a scythe. The staff was coal black and about two meters long in length. The large blade that nearly pierced the ex-Konona Shirohebi was but the top of the three; wich was at least a meter long. The second blade below it was half a meter and the third and smallest was a quart of a meter long. Each blade being at least three to four inches in width.

The dark goddess lashed at the snake sanin slashing diagonally. The pale skinned man avoided the slashes only to be kicked in the chest hard. Taking advantage of her opponent's misbalance, she slashed him across the stomach. Only for him to melt into a large clomp of mud.


"Tsuchi-bunshin."
She muttered. Without a moment's thought she tapped the staff part on the ground. Upon doing so blood seeped out of the ground and spread out.
"Find him."
She commanded the life fluid.

Tendrils began to rise out of the red pool and hardened; forming into spiked chains. And within a second they burst out in several directions; piercing anyone fooling to be in their way.

The goddess didn't have to wait long as a cry of pain was heard. Out of the shadow Orochimaru was being pulled by the chains. Two were wrapped around his left leg. One was around his left arm. And one was wrapped around his neck. The small spikes digging into his pale skin as he struggles against the force of the sentient chains. The chains dragged him until they heft him up by his neck; holding in place.


"Now…what shall be done with you?"
She pondered as she passed her hand over the blades.
"You summoned me without a contract. That's enough or me to take your soul. You wanted me to bare your children. That could get you killed by my father."
She raised her tri-bladed scythe.
"I'll just cut you up?"
She said with a maniacal grin; her sharpened fangs in full view.

But before should bring her weapon to rip the Otokage's body to pieces a hand covered in a pale blue chakra pierced though her chest. The goddess looked at the hand that was below her sight and glance back.


"I'm surprised to see that someone's still alive."
She said with worry.

Kabuto stood there panting behind the goddess. His hand covered in her black blood. His wounds healing due to his self healing ability.

But the goddess did not care. She had a fiancée to meet. She quickly grabbed the offending hand and snapped the wrist like a twig. Kabuto winced and was pushed back by a heavy kick from the goddess's bare foot. He crashed into the wall and struggled to get back up. But stopped when a a black spear pierced through his shoulder; keeping him in place.

She then returned to looking at the bound sanin and grinned. She held the blades to his left arm and they began to rattle. The blades began to twist and morphed to a tri-clawed hand wich grabbed the bound nin's left arm.


"Let me hear you scream!"
She yelled as she rips the sanin's arm off. He screams in pain as his blood burst out of his shoulder as he was in high adrenaline. All the while Jashin laughed in madness. Enjoying the blood she shed and pain she brought to her enemy. She then grabbed him by his neck and tossed him to side like a spoiled doll.


"That was wonderful."
She smiled as her scythe vanished in a puff of black smoked and the chains receded back into the ground.
"I should go. I've waited enough time here."



LOCATION: KONOHAGAKURE; SAME TIME AS JASHIN'S SUMONING.




The Kyuubi no Yoko was in rage! Building toppled under the giants fox's claws. The tail swipes causing quakes and tsunami' to be born. The Kyuubi was now defending itself from the shinobi of the village.

"Keep it here!" One of the shinobi yelled. "We have to keep it at bay until Yondaime-sama arrives!

As if Kami was listening a giant toad lands with a loud crash before the powerful demon. It was orange with red tribal markings and wore a small blue jacket over its back. It has a tanto strapped to it side with one of its webbed hand on the handle.


"Alright, Minato."
The large toad bellowed.
"Are you sure you want to do this?"


"I'm sure Gamabunta." The current village leader stood on the toad boss's head. The moon shining behind him showing his silhouette. "Forgive me, Anata." He said somberly.

Everyone watch as the Kyuubi's form began to morph into chakra and swirled down. They cheered as their leader vanquished the beast. But only few know what really happened.

"Minato-kun." An old man said as he looked at his successor's body. He noted that he had a small smile on his face. The old man picked up the small baby in his hands. He has blonde hair with red highlights and blue-violet eyes. A trait from both his mother and father. He has whisker like birthmark on his face; three on each cheek. He looked at the small boy and cried. He mourned for the life he would live. He mourned for the people lost this night. He mourned.


LOCATION: KONOHA HOSPITAL.


The small baby boy was sleeping soundly. The now reseated Sandaime Hokage; Sarutobi Hiruzen also known as The Professor and master of a thousand jutsu has appointed four of his most trusted ANBU to look after the baby. But unknown to them the baby is about to get a…visitor.

Jashin appeared next to baby in a black poof of smoke. The dark goddess looked at the infant before her eyes and senses a familiar aura emitting from the baby.


"Perhaps."
She mused as she placed her finger on the infant's stomach and closed her eyes.


MINDSCAPE.


Jashin opened her eyes. She surveyed the area she was in. It was large island surrounded by swirling whirlpools. She noted that the large house before her. It was at least three stories high; made entirely out of stone. The foundation was well maintained and sturdy. She entered through the massive sized doors and made her way through the halls. She's been walking to what seems to be hours. She reached another set of doors. This was half the size of the entrance; at least two meters high. She can sense the aura strongly behind this door. She pushed the door with hand. Despite its size the door moved smoothly over the red carpet.

Before her was a throne. It was blood red and someone was seated on it. She wore red royal robe that assented her beauty. Her hair was long and red that flowed like a waterfall. Fox like ears above her head. Her eyes were light violet and slit pupils. Jasihin noted the nine fox like tails behind her.


"Who are you and what are you doing in my Souchi's domain?"
The tailed woman asked in authority while sways the baby gently.

The goddess now noted the small bundle in the tailed woman's arm. Wrapped in red and blue silk was the baby she saw earlier.

Jashin gave a small bow to the woman.
"My name is Jashin, Goddess of Blood and Destruction. And your son has peaked my interest."



"You are the daughter of Shinigami-sama?"
She asked.


"The one and the same, Kushina-san."
The goddess smirked.
"If I may be bold to ask. What brings one of the demon lords to destroy such a pitiful village."


Kushina snarled. Her k9's showing.
"These pathetic humans wanted to take my kit. My husband wanted to plea with them saying that it was impossible for mere humans to look after him. The pathetic civilian council wanted him as a weapon. We disagreed. The rest is history. He's now an orphan. His father dead. His mother sealed within him. I know Hiruzen will do his best to protect my kit. But Danzo and the blind vilagers are the ones I'm looking out for."
She looked down sad.
"No one would want to look after my kit. He's both a Jinchuuriki and a demon as well."



"I have a solution, Kushina-san."
The goddess said as she walked up to the demoness.


"And what would that be?"
She asked.


"Let me offer him my protection as well."
She stated.


"Now why would the great and mighty Jashin–sama want to offer her blessing to my kit?"
The red asked. Her tail lashing at small intervals.


"I want him as my husband."
The goddess simply answered.

Kushina frowned.
"And if I refuse?"



"Then your son will die at the age of seven. Like he should if you do deny my offer."
The dark Goddess answered with a sad expression.

That got the Kyuubi's attention.


"Seeing that I have your attention. As the daughter of Shinigami I have picked up the trait of seeing how and when someone dies."
She looked into the eyes of the demoness.
"It is not a pleasant thing. You know the life of a Jinchuuriki as do I. He will be looked down upon and be a pariah of this village. Humans will want him dead believing that he
is
the Kyuubi and not her container. I see only few will acknowledge him. But…if you accept the offer. I will protect him. My followers will become his followers. And I will figure out a way to release you from this seal without killing either of you."
She offered.

Kushina sat there for awhile. Contemplating on this situation as she lightly brushed her clawed hand over the sleeping baby. The pro's far exceeding the cons…


"Very well."
She nodded. A scroll poofed next the dark goddess and opened up.
"This is a marriage contract."
She stated.
"With that you're engaged to my son. But since he is the last of the Namikaze and Uzumaki in Konoha they will enact a C.R.A. on him when he reaches the age of sixteen. Will you be able to share him with these other women rather they are human or not?"



"As long as they love him truthfully."
She said.

Kushina nodded.
"Sign the contract with your blood, Jashin-sama."


The goddess nodded and her nail extended about a few inches. She slit her hand balled a fist. She wrote her name on the contract with her black blood. Her name glowed and dimmed.


"It is done…mother."
Jashin grinned.

Kushina smiled.
"Welcome to the Uzumaki-clan…Jashin-chan."
She looked to the baby.
"What do you think, Naruto-kun? Already a few hours old and you're engaged already."
She giggled to her baby as he lets out a gurgled giggled.


END OF CHAPTER ONE.
NEXT CHAPTER IS A TIME SKIP.
GO AHEAD FLAME IF YOU WANT.
YOU"LL JUST BE WAISTING YOUR TIME


>