

Chapter 3: From Viper to Turtle

A/N: Yep, I'm back with another chapter. Sorry it took so long, but my sinuses were acting up. They still are, but I'm getting through it to give you another chapter. And now we're going to see what Randy Orton is up to and how he's handling this body switch. Thanks to all of those who have read and reviewed thus far. It means a lot to me. Oh, and I'm also stoked because my sis is going to a live WWE Event this weekend and is going to try and get me a John Cena shirt. So that's pretty cool.

Guest: I'm glad you liked the chapter and that you're reading this story. Thanks for reading. It means a lot to me, Brooke.

Disclaimer: TMNT and all related characters are property of Nickelodeon. WWE and all related characters are property of Vince McMahon.

Randy Orton woke up, ready to face another day. He was plotting his revenge on John Cena for taking his beloved titles from him. But as he rubbed the sleep from his eyes he noticed that he wasn't in his hotel room. Some posters covered the walls and there was even a drum set in the room along with a jack-o-lantern and various other things. What was even more bizarre was the small turtle who was under some sort of lamp munching on a leaf. Startled, Randy looked down and saw that his skin was green and that there was some sort of chest plate on him instead of his awesome abs. He felt his back and gasped as he felt what appeared to be a shell.

"What the hell happened to me?" he wondered. Then his eyes darkened in anger. This had to be Cena's doing. John had played some prank on him to make him think he was a turtle. Well, he was going to get back at Cena for that one. Jumping out of bed, he opened the door and ran outside, searching for Cena. After hearing some crunching noises, Randy ran in that direction and saw a turtle in a blue mask sitting at the table eating some Fruity Pebbles.

"Okay, who the hell are you and what am I doing here?" the Viper demanded.

The turtle looked up and smiled at Randy. "I'm John Cena, bitch," he said. "Who the hell are you?"

Hearing those words, Randy launched himself at John, knocking the Cenation leader out of his chair and proceeded to start punching him. "You son of a bitch!" he yelled. "This is your fault!"

"What the hell are you talkin' about?" John demanded as he threw Randy off of him. "Who are you?"

"It's Randy Orton and I've got a bone to pick with you," Randy replied. "First you steal my titles and then you do something to make me into a damn turtle!"

"Bitch, please!" John scoffed. "I won those titles fair and square, and you know it. And as for what's happened, I'm just as confused as you are."

"That's a lie, Cena!" Randy barked, pointing a green finger in John's face. "You know damn well what's going on. Just wait until I tell The Authority what you're doing. They'll strip you of those titles faster than you can say, 'You can't see me.'"

John started laughing. "Yeah, right, The Authority isn't gonna believe anything you say, dawg," he said. "If you tell them that, they'll ship you off to some loony bin or maybe make you have a counseling session with Dr. Shelby."

"Of course they'll believe me," Randy insisted. "I'm the face of the WWE, so they'll have no choice but to believe me."

"Uh, Randall, I think you got it all wrong," John reminded him. "You see, I beat you for those titles which makes me the face of the WWE and you just some crazy ass sore loser who needs his diaper changed."

Randy growled, having an urge to lay Cena out then and there. However he knew that Cena would be useful in finding out what was going on here. "Whatever, Cena," he scoffed. "We'll see about that when I get my rematch."

"You'll have to wait for that because I plan on giving a rematch to a more deserving and worthy opponent named Daniel Bryan," retorted John.

Before Randy could say anything more, another turtle made an appearance, this one taller than the other two and wearing a purple mask. "Could you two ignoramuses please be quiet?" he commanded. "Some of us are still trying to get some much needed rest."

John and Randy froze in their tracks as they recognized who that was despite the different appearance.

"Damien, is that you?" John asked.

22222

Raphael groaned as the alarm clock rang. Raph never set his alarm, so he had to assume that either Leo had done it to make sure Raph got up on time for practice or Mikey did it to pull some prank on him. Whoever had done it was going to get a beating when he found them. Raph opened his eyes and gasped as he noticed that the room he was in wasn't his own. It looked like a nice hotel room, but how had he gotten there? Had he and his brothers gone out for a fun night? The last thing he remembered was watching wrestling with them before going to bed.

As he stretched he did a double take and gasped as he noticed that his arms had tattoos on them and that they weren't green. Okay, something definitely wasn't right. He leapt out of bed and hurried to the nearest mirror, shocked at what he saw. He was staring at the face of Randy Orton! What had happened to him? How had he gotten in Randy's body?

Hurriedly getting dressed, he ran out of the hotel room, knowing that he needed answers as to what had happened.

"What the shell is going on?" he yelled. Then he heard a door open and saw John Cena staring at him.

"Raph?" John gasped.

Raph shifted to a defensive stance, his hands automatically reaching for his sais before he remembered that he didn't have them. "Wait, how do you know me?" he demanded.

"It's me, Leo."

Raph's eyes widened. "Leo? How did this happen?"

"I don't know, but we need to find out," Leo answered. He beckoned Raph to come to him, and Raph did so.

"If we're switched, do you think Mikey and Donnie are switched too?"

"They have to be, but the trouble is that we won't know who they are unless they're acting strangely," Leo explained. "I only recognized you because of the expression you used."

"Well, if a wrestler starts talkin' in a weird techo speak, we'll know it's Donnie," Raph replied. "And I think Mikey will be the hardest one to spot considerin' there are a lot of strange wrestlers out there, too."

"Well, if one of them yells, 'Booyakasha' then we know it's Mikey," Leo told him. "He's the only one who says that phrase."

"True," Raph agreed. "So how are we gonna do this?"

"We'll just have to play along until we spot them and then gather them together. Nikki mentioned having breakfast with other Superstars and Divas. I say we go and just try to figure things out there. Once Mikey and Donnie are found, we can figure out not only how this happened but how we can fix it."

Raph's eyes lit up. "Oh, yeah, I forgot that John's datin' Nikki Bella," he said. "So, did you get some action, bro?"

Leo smacked Raph's shoulder. "Of course not!" he protested. "What kind of guy do you think I am?"

"Too bad," Raph said. "I know it if had been me, I'd be all over that."

Leo rolled his eyes. "Look, I'll go tell Nikki that I'll meet her down there, and then you and I will go down together."

"Great. I'll wait here."

So Leo told Nikki that he'd meet her down there, and she agreed that she'd see him down there later. With that settled, Leo and Raph headed down the hallway toward one of the elevator banks. Just as they were nearing it, they bumped into another wrestler who was muttering to himself.

"Watch where you're goin', clumsy," Raph barked.

The wrestler looked up, and the two Turtles recognized him as Damien Sandow. "Uh, I'm sorry, who are you again?" he asked. "I've become a bit distracted."

"By what?" Leo asked.

"The fact that something weird has happened and I think it's scientifically impossible for it to have occurred," Damien answered.

"Donnie, is that you?" Raph gasped.

"Who wants to know that?" Don demanded.

"It's Leo and Raph," Leo answered. "We switched bodies, too."

Don gasped as the implications of what was said hit him. "Oh, boy, we're all in big trouble," he muttered.

A/N: And I'm going to end this chapter here. So now we know who Don has switched bodies with. How is Damien Sandow going to react to being switched with a mutant turtle? You'll have to read on and find out. Also, Dr. Shelby was a psychologist used in one of the storylines featuring Daniel Bryan and Kane where they had to work out their trust issues. And I also decided not to have Spike be Slash because I thought it would be better for him to still be Spike. In the meantime, feel free to leave a review and have a shelltastic day.

>