


Author's Note:
Firstly, I'm so sorry this took so long. Partly, I was sorry to see it go. I've finished other stories, but, I have to say, they've been shorter than this and cranked out in a few weeks, at most. This story holds a very special place in my heart, guys, and I'm happier than I can say for all the reviews, favorites, and follows I've received on it. Secondly, for any of you reading my other Pitch Perfect works, I have
not
given up on them. Like this one,
I Know You in My Soul
is very unique and special to me. I feel like I've been able to put emotion into that story that
I
– and apparently others – can truly feel and empathize with. It won't be forgotten. And I feel like I've gotten
Dreams Don't Have to Stay That Way
off to at least a curious start, too, so that one is also still on the table. That being said, I'm not sure when I'll update them, as I've recently caught up on OUAT, and have been suckered into the ridiculously huge fanfiction world that the show brings with it, so I'm a bit focused on that at the moment and planning to begin a story over there, too. But the others will be updated, eventually, and I thank all who have encouraged me to post more for all of more stories! Phew, sorry; long note. I'm finished! Please review; it's the last chapter, and I know it might be different than you were expecting (it's different than even
I
was expecting), but I'm pretty satisfied with it, and I'd like to know what you think. Thanks again!


Beca worked very hard to still her trembling hands.

She had her DJ booth set up in something she was pretty sure was an actual, real-life
ballroom
, tucked in a corner of the main floor of the house. Aubrey insisted it was the 'conservatory,' but that sounded equally as fancy to Beca (and maybe absurd, too, but she kept that to herself).

Aubrey's parents hadn't answered the door, like Beca had expected; it was, once again, the maid who allowed the couple entrance, and Beca still hadn't seen anyone other than her and the gorgeous blonde that she had arrived with.

Aubrey had instructed her on where to set up, and Beca just about had a heart attack, and squeaked an undignified, "
What?
" when Aubrey declared that she would be leaving Beca's side to search for her parents and siblings. With soft platitudes, Beca had reluctantly conceded, but now she was all ready to go and testing out the sound system, still waiting for Aubrey's return, and she didn't exactly know what to do with herself.

"You can relax, you know," she heard from behind her.

Beca just barely refrained from jumping, but a hand shot up to monitor her pulse at her throat as she turned around and blinked, startled. She barely managed a graceless, "Huh?" in response, and about cringed when she recognized the smooth planes of Meg's face.

They may not have spoken, exactly, during Beca's last visit, but Beca was well aware of who she was.

Meg laughed, and offered a shrug, before moving a bit closer. "You can relax," she tried again, a gentle smile curving the edges of her mouth upward. "I'm Meg."

"Yeah, I- uh- I know," Beca recaptured her breath. "I'm Beca, but- I sort of guess you already know that," she smiled sheepishly.

Meg barked out another laugh, and nodded. "Oh, yeah. I remember. That was very impressive, what you did for Aubrey the last time you were here. I never would have had the balls to say anything like that. Ever," she added. "
Especially
not to my dad."

"I don't know that balls had anything to do with it," Beca chuckled uncomfortably, scratching behind her ear. "At the time I was mostly pissed. And pretty desperate, if I'm being honest. It was never supposed to be- I mean, I never meant to…
out
Aubrey that night, or anything. I just got swept up and it sorta
happened
," Emma struggled, shrugging. "I got pretty lucky that she didn't just toss me out on my ass, honestly."

"You don't have to defend yourself to me," Meg snorted. "Like I said, it was very impressive, and obviously I'm not the only one that thinks so, because you're still here," she asserted pointedly.

"Lucky," Beca repeated, a small smile blooming across her lips.

Meg cocked her head to the side and carefully eyed Beca for a moment, not judging, but more like- evaluating, Beca guessed.

"Do you know why Aubrey never said anything to me?" The blonde asked quietly, shifting her eyes to the left briefly before determinedly finding Beca's again.

"I – " Beca hesitated. She didn't
know
know, but she definitely had her suspicions. "I can't speak for Aubrey, I guess, and we've sort of been working through a lot lately and haven't talked about your family except for the part with your dad, so don't quote me on anything, but I think she was scared. At least from what she's said, your family isn't the most
open
bunch in the world," Beca shrugged. "I get it. I was fed up with it, but I've always understood it," she finished solemnly.

"Did she tell you I dated a girl, once?" Meg asked abruptly.

"Oh. Uh… No?" Beca's brows practically flew from her forehead altogether, but she tried to maintain composure as best as she could.

This wasn't so bad, really. She was definitely more nervous about encountering Aubrey's parents, but this wasn't so bad, and she would hold her end of the conversation until it became clear that Meg was no longer interested in it, if for nothing else than to boost her own confidence before the truly terrifying part of the
meet the family
deal.

"I saw a woman after I was married. That was who I told Aubrey about," Meg informed casually, and Beca tried her hardest not to react.

What were they,
swingers
? There were definitely worse things, but with how afraid Aubrey had been about coming out to her parents, she can't imagine that an arrangement like
swinging
would go over very well with the Posen parents.

"Oh," Beca eventually (dumbly) replied.

"But I dated a girl before that," Meg hesitated. "When I was in college, I dated my roommate for a while. It was all very hush-hush and secret; we had midnight walks together and she walked me to and from my classes whenever she didn't have her own, and we were… in love," Meg sighed softly.

Beca didn't say anything. Her first response was to ask what happened, but it really didn't take a genius to figure out that maybe this was why she'd advocated so hard for Beca.

"I broke up with her at graduation. I should have done it before that," Meg lamented quietly. "I always knew I would end things, but I didn't want things to be awkward between. We lived together, and we had a routine, but, if I'm honest, mostly I was just selfish; I wanted every moment I could spend with her before I had to do it. I love my husband, Beca," she vowed earnestly, catching Beca's eyes with her own, "I really do. And I'm very happy with my life, right now. But sometimes I think about it, and I wonder what would have happened if I hadn't been too much of a chicken shit to just talk about it with our parents.

"The other woman, the one that I had the affair with, was more for my husband's benefit than my own. I'd shared with him about Layla – that was her name," Meg smiled fondly. "
Layla
," she whispered reverently, before she shook herself out of it and smiled grimly. "Anyway, I told him about her, and he wanted me to further explore that part of myself to be sure that it wasn't what I wanted. I told him, of course, that I love him and nothing about that felt wrong to me, but he wanted me to be sure and encouraged me to bed her. I won't lie," she laughed softly, "it was definitely awkward at first. He'd ask if I'd enjoyed myself, and I'd say that I did – because it was fun, I guess, and a little dangerous, maybe… But that it wasn't
important
to me, because I didn't feel anything for her. Not like Layla."

Beca nodded pensively and bowed her head, wondering silently why Meg was telling her all of this. It was a pretty deep subject for someone she'd only just 'formally' met. But she said nothing, and waited for the woman to continue.

"My point," Meg took a deep breath and released on a hard shudder, "was that as much as I regret never opening up to my family about my sexuality until recently, this thing with you and Aubrey has made me realize something," she said, reaching out to grip Beca's arm softly. "I have a great life, and a great husband, and a
wonderful
baby boy, around here somewhere," she beamed brightly, "and that if I never mentioned it to my parents, and Layla never fought for me like you did with Aubrey, then maybe that's because it wasn't right. We were in love," she nods assuredly, "but not like you are, Beca," she offered a secret smile. "And not like Aubrey is. Because you're right – you
are
lucky that she didn't toss you out on your ass that night… But she wouldn't have kept you around to meet us again if she wasn't sure about you.

"So," she inhaled sharply, winking conspiratorially, "like I said before, you can
relax
," she insisted with a grin. "Because this thing with you and Aubrey is right, and she loves you, and you love her, and no matter what happens with my parents tonight, that won't change."

"Geez," Beca puffed out. "You had me up until that last part. Normal people just say 'it's gonna be fine,' you know?" She snorted.

Meg laughed and tucked her arm through Beca's, gently tugging her away from Beca's sacred (and safe – so very safe, Beca lamented as she turned to gaze longingly at her equipment) booth.

"It probably will be," Meg shrugged. "But you seem to be assuming the worst anyway, so, just- if that happens, it'll still work out, alright?"

"Sure," Beca groaned. "Remind me of all that again after I fuck it up, okay?"

"I'd better not need to," Meg nudged her hip with her own. "I'm sure Aubrey will make it all better, darling," she smirked.

Beca promptly blushed, because, okay – she's not stupid. There was definite, sexual undertone there, and Beca refused to verbally reply to it (mostly because it's true, and Beca can think of absolutely
nothing
to say that's appropriate when speaking to Aubrey's
sibling
).


"There you are," Aubrey bit her lip, trying so very hard not to laugh at Beca's tortured expression as her sister led the DJ to the study, where her parents and brother had gathered for a small, indulgent (for underage Tanner) drink to celebrate before the guests arrive.

"Hey," Beca waved feebly.

"You better take her, Aubrey," Meg teased lightly. "I think she might get sick in a minute. Where are
her
stress-essities?" She demanded with a wink.

Aubrey snorted. "Beca doesn't get sick.
Ever
. It's annoying," she declared, admittedly sounding as irritated as her statement proclaimed.

"Yeah, well," Beca shrugged haughtily, "DJs with stage fright don't bring home much cash, do they?" She snarked, folding her arms and looking, to Aubrey, for all the world like her nervousness had vanished in the face of the challenge.

Aubrey knew better, of course – she could see it in the tick of Beca's chin and the glimmer of vulnerability in her eyes – but
damn
, her girlfriend could put on a good show.

Aubrey felt remarkably proud of her in that moment, standing proud and faking a confidence she didn't at all feel in a room where, not so long ago, she had barreled her way through Derek Posen's rigid standards and declared her love for his daughter. She took Beca's arms in her hands, drawing her in for a small embrace as she hummed softly in acknowledgment against Beca's ear.

She drew away, even daring to press a small, very brief, but soothing kiss to Beca's temple, before she turned around and masked her own giddy nerves behind a grin. "Mom, Daddy, you remember Beca?" She asked, pointedly staring at her father, who had promised her, not five minutes before, to go easy on the fearful DJ given his imposing behavior during their first meeting.

"Oh, it's so lovely to actually meet you," Elise grinned, crossing the room in three long-legged strides to close her arms around Beca.

Beca allowed her crossed arms to fall and very, very hesitantly patted the woman's back, softly mumbling, "Oh. Uh, thanks? I mean, it's nice to meet you, too."

Aubrey giggled (a noise that sounded strange, even to her own ears, but, seriously, her girlfriend was sort of adorable, and Aubrey had spent enough time not appreciating her, so she would take the elation whenever she could), and waved her hand dismissively when Beca shot a glare over her lingering mother's shoulder.

"It's- nice to see you again, Beca," Derek acknowledged, with a slight incline of his head. "Aubrey said the drive went well?" He politely inquired.

"Oh, yeah. It was quick. No traffic," Beca shrugged uneasily, still trapped beneath Elise's arms, and dropping her own in a gesture that Aubrey immediately recognized as an indication that she was well and truly
finished
with the hugging business.

"And Beca, that's Tanner," Aubrey eventually offered, saving Beca from even more prolonged exposure to human contact, which she very well knew made Beca uncomfortable.

"Oh, I remember," Tanner licked his lips as Elise separated to allow the two a brief handshake. "The hot little alt-girl," he grinned smugly at Aubrey.

Aubrey glowered at him, but Beca snorted. "Come up with that yourself?" She asked dryly.

"Yep," Tanner announced. "And then I was very quickly told not to call you that."

"Yes, you were," Elise remarked, narrowing her eyes slightly.

Tanner just grinned back at her.

"Glad to see it worked as well on you as it did for her," Beca sarcastically replied, tipping her head in Aubrey's direction.

"Seriously?" Tanner puffed, aggravated. "
You
can call her that, but
I
can't? How is that fair?"

"She's
my
girlfriend," Aubrey reminded with a sharp glare. "I can call her whatever I want," she snapped.

"Yeah, uh," Beca raised her hand slightly in the air. "
No
. That's not really how it works. The second you start calling me 'muffin,' I walk out the door, Posen. That's ridiculous."

"It's very fortunate that I would never think to call you that," Aubrey remarked under her breath.

"
Hah
," Tanner declared proudly. "So, anyway, Beca – "

Beca frowned, and her brows lowered in suspicion. "Yes?" She dared.

"How into my sister are you? Because I have a few
objectively
," he stressed, "hot friends who will be here tonight, and they're gonna
love
you."

"Tanner," Aubrey growled possessively.

But Beca – anxious as she may have been – chuckled and stretched her palm out to splay her fingers across Aubrey's back, and despite herself, Aubrey sighed and leaned contently back into the touch, immediately feeling the color rise to her cheeks and studiously ignoring both her mother and sister's gooey 'aww' expressions, and her father's swiftly cleared throat.

"Sorry, man. I'm pretty into her, and I fought pretty hard to keep her, so… I'm hers as long as she wants me," Beca said, ending shyly and averting her eyes to the flats she'd borrowed from Chloe for the night.

Aubrey melted. After all that she and Beca had been through – after everything that she had done, and all of her efforts to make up for it – Beca was still hers. And it wasn't just her head declaring so;
Beca
– emotionally crippled, stubborn, wonderful, sweet, sweet Beca – had announced it not only to her, but to the only people in the world that Aubrey had ever known her to fear: her
parents
.

Beca was hers.

So, "She'll always be mine, Tanner," she replied softly, but gazed at Beca as she said it, very delicately sweeping a stray brunette hair away from her face and curling it behind her ear, allowing her fingertips to linger and trail down the pale column of her throat.

Beca blushed, and lifted her mouth into the crooked grin that Aubrey so adored before – to Aubrey's surprise –
Meg
(not Tanner) ruined the intimate moment for them.

"Geez, did you need to ensure you'd be taken care of even if you
didn't
fuck it up, Beca?" She quipped lightheartedly, with a soft smile just for Beca that made Aubrey wonder what it was, exactly, they had talked about before joining them in the study.

But there was time for that later, maybe on the date that Beca was planning to take her on tomorrow evening, now that Aubrey's time for doting upon had been worn.

For now, Aubrey was very content to chat with her family in the few minutes available before the guests arrived. And then, well.


Then
she would remain very close to Beca's side all evening long and glare down any one of Tanner's friends who dared to approach her tiny little DJ for anything more than a flirt-less song request.

Because Beca was, once again, hers – unlike the last time she'd been here, floating in an uncertain land akin to limbo – and Aubrey would be damned if she let her go again. Not that Beca would, but still… Aubrey had a right to things that belonged to her, and Beca
did.


And, Aubrey thought without a single shimmer of doubt, she – wholeheartedly – belonged to Beca Mitchell.

"Now, Beca," Derek steepled his fingers beneath his chin, eying Beca with something akin to appraisal, "what would you like to drink? As part of the family, you are entitled to one before the event," he informed, never removing his eyes from Beca's as he awaited a response.

But the rest of them held their breaths, as though waiting for him to realize what
exactly
he had said.

"Uh," Beca stammered, but eventually provided, "whiskey's good, if you have it? Also, I don't really...
do
family, so, you know, if I do it wrong, um- family fixes that shit, right?" She bumbles finally.

And Derek Posen laughed – booming and truly,
truly
amused, like Aubrey was pretty sure she had never actually heard him
be
before.

Oh, yes, Aubrey thought. She is most
certainly
keeping Beca Mitchell. Probably forever, if she has anything to say about it.



Author's Note (Part Deux):
Please, please let me know what you think! I know it's a little pushy to add a second note just for that, but, as I said, I'm very proud of this story and I'd like to know if I've done it justice!

>