


* Please Review! This is a one shot. I am having horrible, horrible writers block and trying one shots to jump start my writing!*


" Yeah, this isn't or pathetic...at all. It's completely fine that I'm sitting here, in a bar, drinking alone." Ty muttered into her drink.

She rolled her eyes and shook her head before rubbing her lips together. She started to glance around the bar carefully. She wanted to check out her options without drawing attention to herself. 1980's rocker wanna be. Jock stuck in his high school years. Drunk. Creepy guy who would hook up with anything with tits. Light haired man, dark haired man...who turned in the bar stool he was sitting in and locked eyes with her. Ty's lips parted as her breath caught.

Murphy's eyes landed on the young woman who looked like she was holding her breath. Murphy's heart kicked up it's pace as he forced himself to swallow, even though his mouth was suddenly bone dry. Connor was talking to him but Murphy's entire focus was on her, just as hers seemed to be focused on him. She was new. He knew because he and his brother came to the bar every single night and he would remember seeing her.

" Are you listening to me?" Connor snapped as he looked to his brother. " Murph." He nudged Murphy's arm before turning to see what the other twin was staring at. " Should have known. A lass."

" Not just a lass." Murphy said, raising up. " Stay here."

" Shit!" Ty whispered to herself as the dark haired man started towards her. " Shit!" She turned in her booth so she was facing her table. She grabbed at her beer with both hands then looked over to the man coming towards her. He quickly dodged out of the way of another man who was bending down to take a shot at the pool table. " Shit!" She jumped and looked back to her beer again, feeling her cheeks heat. She knew she was caught. She knew he had seen her staring. And now he was coming over to see her.

Murphy tried not to smile as he caught her blush in the dim lights of the bar. She kept throwing him glances, trying to make it so he wouldn't see it. But he did and he liked it. It wasn't like he wasn't used to attention from women, he was. Second, third glances from them as he and his brother walked to church or the bar. Stares at stores they went too but those women did nothing for him. He barely liked the ones he shared one night stands with.

" Go away, please!" Ty whispered to herself as her stomach turned.

But she didn't really want him too. She was just nervous...and excited. She didn't have much luck with guys and he was a HOT guy. Dark hair that reached the middle of his forehead and down over his ears, shaggy like she liked. Arms that looked like he took care of himself but didn't live at the gym. Chest that looked defined under his long sleeve black shirt. His legs carried him in a slow but casual walk that made her own legs shake. And that face...stunning.

" Excuse me, Lass. Are you alone?" Ty jumped at the Irish accent. She looked up and into a pair of the most beautiful blue eyes she had ever seen. He smiled before chuckling. Her mind went blank. " Are you there, Lass?" She was staring, again. Ty gasp then gave herself a mental shake.

" Ah...yeah. Yeah to both." She stuttered out. One of his eyebrows came up as he placed one hand on top of her booth.

" To both?" He asked with amusement lighting up his eyes.

" Yeah. I'm alone and I'm here." She said. Murphy's small smile spread into a grin. He pulled away from her and quickly moved to the other side of the booth. He slipped in without being asked and started to lightly drum his fingers against the table top. They stared at each other. She gripped her glass. He bit down onto the left side of his bottom lip. He nodded as if he made up his mind and quickly extended his right arm.

" I'm Murphy. Murphy MacManus." Murphy said quickly. She smiled and reached out to meet him over her table.

" Ty." She said.

" Like a lad's name?" Connor asked as he plopped down beside his brother. Murphy frowned, looking at him and dropping her hand.

" What are you doing here? Go away." He snapped.

" I want to meet the pretty lass too." Connor snapped back.

" You are just going to make me look stupid!" Murphy snapped. Connor shot her a wink before glaring at his brother.

" You make yourself look stupid. You don't need any help from me." He shot back as they started to push each other.

" Excuse me..." Both heads turned to look at her. " Are you two friends, brothers?" Matching grins spread over both of the handsome faces.

" Aye, brothers." Murphy said.

" Twins." Connor said.

" Really?" Ty asked in surprise. " So who is oldest?"

" Me." Connor said quickly.

" Me." Murphy interrupted. Ty tilted her head as a small frown passed over her face.

" You don't know?" She asked. The brothers looked at each other then her. At once they moved together. Their arms came up to rest on the table top and both their hands clasped together. They leveled her with their stare.

" Our ma said it's me." Connor said.

" She says it's me." Murphy said.

" She told you both it was you?" Ty asked in confusion. Connor started to grin while Murphy chuckled.

" Well, Love, she said the oldest twin is the one with the biggest cock." Connor said.

" Which is me." Murphy filled in. She sat back and started to smile as the twins started to fight again. They pushed at each other and snapped. She shook her head at them while they seem to have forgotten about her. Over and over again they fought about who had the bigger dick, pushing and shoving each other hard. Finally, she cleared her throat, paying at their attention.

" As amusing as this is, did you really come over to fight in front of me?" Ty asked.

Again a glance was shared between the boys. Again they moved as one unit. They shifted in their seats so their bodies were turned into each other. Murphy's right arm stayed on the table while his left one came to rest on his thigh. Connor's left arm stayed on the table and his right hand went to his thigh. Connor grinned again while Murphy gave her a smile, a much smaller smile but a smile.

" Of course not." Connor said.

" Our ma would never approve of that." Murphy said.

" We came over because my brother saw you from across the bar and felt drawn to you." Connor filled in. Murphy balled up his hand and punched his brother in the leg but Connor just laughed. Ty smiled at Murphy as his cheeks started to tint red.

Together the three talked as they sipped their drinks. She was amused by their light fighting and how they pushed at each other. They snapped and frowned at one another then looked at her with smiles and easy eyes. She laughed at Murphy's jokes, even the lame ones. She smiled at Connor's attempts to embarrass Murphy.

" Can I get you another drink?" Connor asked when he noticed her glass was empty.

" Sure. I'd love that." Ty said with a smile.

" Get the fuck out of here!" Murphy snapped, pushing Connor out of the booth.

" Relax, baby brother!" Connor snapped back before he winked at Ty and walked away. The couple looked at each other and smiled.

" Are you guys always like this?" She asked.

" No. He's just jealous that I saw you first." Murphy said with his own wink. Ty laughed and shook her head.

" Is that right?" She asked. Murphy started to stroke his goatee and nod as he looked over at the pool table.

" Tell me, " He started before looking back at her. " can you play pool?"

" No. I never learned." Ty said. Murphy was out of the booth so fast that she jumped. He grinned and held out his hand to her.

" Come, I'll show you, Lass." Murphy said.

How she ended up leaning over the pool table with an Irishman standing against her back with his arms around her, was still a mystery to Ty. It had happen to fast, her head was almost spinning. In her hands was a pool cue. Over her hands was Murphy's. His head was against the side of hers and his breath was slipping down over her ear and neck. It was a fight for her to not shiver against him.

" Now," Murphy said softly. " keep those pretty blue eyes on the white ball. We are going to let the stick slip back then thrust it forward to make the hit." Why was the way he said Thrust, making her legs want to shake? Why was he making her think he was really talking about sex? " You ready, Lass?"

" Yeah." She said.

Was that her voice that sounded breathless? Murphy chuckled before moving the stick. Just as he said, it slipped back under her hands a few seconds before it was thrust forward. She hit the ball and sent it flying across the green to smack into a collection of balls and send them flying. Murphy laughed and stood up straight, allowing her to stand too. She laughed and looked back at him.

" That was perfect." Murphy said, picking up her glass from the edge of the table. He handed it over to her as she smiled at him.

" It was perfect because you did it." She said. Murphy laughed and started around the table to grab at his own beer. He leaned his side against the table as his brother scanned the ball placement. He had been throw stabs at his brother all night, trying to piss him off every time they were taking a shot.

" It was hardly perfect, Love." Connor said, rolling his eyes.

" You know, " Ty said after taking her drink. " I have noticed something very different about you two." Connor turned so he was facing her completely. Murphy turned his head to face her but kept his body facing his brother's side.

" And what's that?" Connor asked. Ty set her drink down and it was her turn to grin.

" Your head is fucking huge." She said to him. Connor's mouth dropped open as Murphy's grin widen. " Like massive. Murphy's is the normal size but yours...how does your neck hold it up?" Murphy's laughed burst out and over the crowd. He slapped his hand over Connor's back before he started around the table.

" What the fuck?" Connor asked. " My head is normal sized!" He defended.

" She's got you there. Ma always said your head was too big for your body." Murphy countered.

" No it's not!" Connor's hands came up to the sides of his head.

" Yes it is. I almost can't stop staring at it. It's almost freakishly large. Distrubing." Ty said as she faked a shiver. Murphy tossed his arm over her shoulders and pulled her into him. She responded right away by putting one of hers around his waist. Murphy bent his head down to hers.

" When he gets up in the morning, my lass, his head is the last thing to raise it and it takes him a few tries before he can lift it." Murphy said. Ty turned her face towards his. They glanced at each other before looking back at a shocked Connor.

" I can see that. If he starts to run, does he lead by his head?" She asked.

" Oh aye. And if he runs too fast, he will tumble forward because of the weight of that thing." Murphy said.

" Fuck you both!" Connor snapped. " I'm getting a shot!" He turned away and hurried over to the bar as the couple laughed. At once, they turned to face each other.

" Did your mom really say that?" Ty asked.

" Aye. Ever since we were little lads." Murphy said.

A force moved over them suddenly. Laughter died down as they moved into each other. One of his hands came up to the side of her face. She tilted her head and before she could stop herself, they were making out like teenagers. She took a hold of his sides, gripping at his shirt and pulling him closer. Both of Murphy's hands cupped her face. They pressed into each other, their tongues twisting and untwisting slowly around each other. The noise from the bar died down around them as they were completely consumed with each other, their taste and the feel of their bodies pressing together.

>