


* Please Review! And yeah, that is this Mary. She is a real life friend of mine and an author on here. She is the one I am writing my walking dead story with, lol. *


" Look at her bed...it's huge. Get the door!" Scud said excitedly when Mary walked into Ty's room.

" What?! No! We are not having sex in her bed!" Mary snapped. Scud grinned and turned around. He reached out and grabbed at her arms quickly. He yanked her against him, dropping his hands to her ass.

" Come on! It would be so hot. I'll sit on the edge and you just lift your skirt up. Oh man...this is going to so good!" Scud muttered against her neck.

" No!" Mary said as she weakly pushed against him. " That's gross. It's her room, plus, I know what Murphy does to her in that bed. I'm not touching it."

" Ty! Mary and her stoner are having sex in your room!" They heard Jordan yell out from her spot on the couch. " I mean, I know Jonathan ate me out in there once that was just oral...it doesn't count!"

" Can you just not keep anything to yourself?" Mary laughed as Jonathan's sharp reply. She turned and took Scud's hand, ignoring his protest as she started leading him out.

" Not that. That was hot, like one of the best orgasms I have ever had." Jordan said before she quickly kissed his cheek. He forced a frown but they could see the smile in his eyes. " Something about doing something dirty in someone else's bed..."

" See!" Scud explained.

" You're not having sex in my bed!" Ty said from her spot in front of Travis. She was looking across the room, pointing at Scud then Jordan. " And really? Where was I and when?"

" You were passed out drunk on the couch. And relax, it was three weeks ago. You have washed your sheets since then." Jordan snapped.

" That is so disrespectful." Ty play snapped back.

" Oh please! How many times have you either fucked Murphy on the couch or sucked him off? Do you wash the cushions afterwards? No. So we are sitting on little Murphy's." Jordan started as the door open. "Plus, three days ago, I know he laid you out flat on the table and went to town on you like you were his dinner!"

" Aye, she was." Murphy said as he and Connor walked in. Ty jumped and turned to face him. Murphy grinned. " Like that so much you bragged about it, Aye?"

" Shut it!" Ty snapped as she hurried towards him with her cheeks inflamed. Connor pushed his brother in more and shut the door, laughing.

" He liked it. He bragged about it." He explained. His eyes swept the room and found Mary first. He started to grin only to have it fade away when he noticed Scud standing behind her. " Get out of the way." He mumbled to his brother. " I need a drink."

Two hours into the party found Mary perched on Scud's lap with his arms around her. They were sitting on the loveseat with their backs to the door. They were facing the sliding glass doors that lead out to the balcony. On the couch was Jordan, Jonathan and Travis, Marco had yet to show up. Ty, Murphy and Connor were on the balcony. She was facing Murphy who was facing the apartment.

" Who is this kid?" Connor snapped before taking a drag of his smoke.

" What kid?" Ty asked, pressing herself into Murphy's body. One of his arms snaked around her waist as he looked at his brother.

" That kid, Scud. Who is he? We have hung out with Mary every night since that first night she met us at the bar and she hasn't brought him up once. Now he shows up and she's all over him." Connor said. Ty and Murphy looked at each other with smiles. She turned in his arm and looked into her apartment at the same time Mary laughed at something Scud was saying. " Oh come on. He's not even funny."

" I think he's funny." Murphy said.

" You sound like your jealous." Ty teased the twin.

" Shut it." Connor said as he turned around. He leaned forward with both arms resting on the railing. At the same time, the door inside the apartment started to open.

" Marco's here!" Ty explained. She pulled away from her boyfriend and made a grab for the sliding glass door. Murphy smiled but turned and leaned forward, mirroring his brother's stance.

" You do sound jealous." Murphy commented as the door opened then shut.

" I'm not jealous." Connor snapped. " I'm the funny one in the group, not him. He shows up and all of you are pissing your pants with laughter everytime he opens his fucking mouth. He's not funny." Murphy chuckled and shook his head.

Ty hurried through her apartment as her best friend walked into their tiny kitchen. He tugged at his tie, loosening it enough until he could slip it over of his head. Marco always dressed up when he worked. He believed a man wasn't a man unless he dressed to the nines all the time. While she knew he owned some jeans and tee shirts, she hardly ever saw Marco in them.

" Where have you been?" She tried to not to snap. She was annoyed with him. This get together was important to her and he knew it.

" You want to tell me why there's a dirty stoner sitting on our couch?" Marco asked as he snatched down a bottle of Jack Daniels from the top of their fridge.

" He's my friend, Mary's friend. Come on, I want you to meet everyone." Ty said.

" Your boyfriend here?" Marco asked without looking up from the short glass he was pouring his drink into.

" He is. He and his brother are on the baloncy. So come on and meet everyone." She said. Marco sighed but set his drink down. He looked at her the shook his head.

" Do I have any choice in this? I'm tired."

" Like I give a shit." She grabbed his wrist and turned. Marco had only three seconds to snatch up his glass before she was tugging him out of the kitchen and across the room. " Okay, so this Mary, Scud, and Travis." She was explaining as the doors to the balcony opened. Marco looked up and pass his friend as the twins entered their apartment.

Time slowed down for the three men. Murphy walked in first with Connor stumbling into him and cursing. Marco's steps stopped altogether as his eyes narrowed down. Ty was tugged back by the force of her friend's arm. She looked back and frowned then looked over at Murphy and Connor as the room quieted around them.

" That him?" Marco asked, staring down the twins as they stared at him. He slowly brought his glass up and started to take a sip of the brown liquid.

" Yeah." Ty let go of Marco and smiled at Murphy as she head towards him. " This is Murphy and his brother Connor. Boys, this is Marco, my roommate and best friend. He's really like my brother."

" Maybe we should talk outside." Marco said. The twins nodded at the same time.

" Aye." Murphy said.

" Sounds like down right fine idea." Connor said.

" Now?" Marco asked, completely uncaring that everyone was staring at the exchange.

" Aye." Murphy said.

" What is going on?" Ty asked.

" Nothing, Sweetheart. I just want to get to know him. I need do to the big brother thing right now." He leaned forward, glaring at Murphy as he placed one hand on her hip. He squeezed her before pressing his lips to her cheek, making Murphy's eyes narrowed. Inwardly, Marco grinned before he pulled away from her and started forward, eyes locked on the dark haired twin.

" Murphy?" Ty asked, looking back at him.

" Aye, Lass. We just want to get to know each other." Her boyfriend said.

" So," Marco started once he closed the slide glass door of his balcony. Murphy and Connor frowned at each other then looked at the man that they knew was a mob boss. Murphy's stomach was in a knot. How was it possible that his girlfriend was tied to one of the men they were looking for? One of the most dangerous man they had ever heard of. They had been searching for months for him and had been coming up with nothing. The brothers were tensed as they leaned against the railing, doing their best to look calm and casual. Marco turned and stared with his expression dark and angry. " you want to tell me why the Boondock Saints are standing in my home? Why one of them is fucking someone I consider my sister? Is this your plan? To find me you sleep around with women?"

" We didn't know she was connected to you." Connor snapped.

" And you expect me to buy that?" Marco asked.

" Does she know?" Murphy asked. He wanted to look at Ty but didn't dare take his eyes off of Marco. Marco's eyes narrowed down as his jaws started to work back and forth. A muscle tensed in his face. "Does she know what you do for a living for real? That you're in the mob?"

" No. Does she know about you?" He asked finally.

" No." Murphy said. Marco started to rub his lower jaw with his thumb and index finger.

" This puts us at an impass." He said.

" Aye." Murphy said.

" Are you looking for me?" Marco asked.

" You and others." Connor said. Marco nodded and dropped his hand.

" I'm all she has. Her family is not in the picture." He said.

" Not true. She has us. She has them." Murphy said.

" And if you come after me and kill me, she won't have me or you. She won't stay with you if you kill her best friend. I am her link to her past. I am the only one from her past that is still around so again, I am all she has. I protect her. I keep her safe. I have saved her life.I...care about her." Marco said.

" And if you kill us?" Connor asked. For a moment the other man said nothing. Something passed through his eyes, something dark and...something else. Regret maybe? No, that couldn't be it. Marco was known for being coldhearted and unfeeling. He had men beated up, he beated up men, to the point of death. He had killed people that double crossed him. No, he did not feel regret. And he did not care about others so they weren't buying that he cared about Ty.

" I..." He paused and frowned again. " Let's make a deal. I won't come after you and you don't come after any of my men or me. Because if I kill you...it would kill her. As much as I hate to admit it, being with you has made her happier than she has been in a while. The way I look at it, she needs us both. You don't tell her about me and my work, I don't tell her about yours. You keep her happy, I won't kill you or your brother. You don't touch me or my men, I wouldn't kill you. I don't come after you or your brother, and you won't kill me."

" But you will continue your work." Murphy said.

" Yeah, I will but you live, I live and she's happy. Isn't that what we both want? For her to be happy?" Marco said.

" We stay out of each other's way then." Murphy said.

" Right." Marco said with a nod.

" For her." Murphy said.

" For her." Marco slowed raised his hand, noting how both brothers tensed right away. " I'm unarmed." Murphy glanced at his brother then back at the mob boss. He took the hand that was offered to him, sealing his deal with the devil. For the woman who was so important to him.

>