

Hikaru Sulu knew when he was screwed. The moment he realized it was the first day of school his junior year at Enterprise Academy. He was excited to be back amongst his friends, having been off planet with his family during the summer holiday.

Hikaru was talking to Spock sharing with his friend the plant life he had seen on Risa, Jim Kirk listening to the conversation with his head on the Vulcan's shoulder, arms wrapped around his boyfriend's waist – the pair were as inseparable as ever.

Sulu had been detailing a flower that resembled an Earth orchid but changed colors due to the general mood of its surroundings when a lean boy in a hooded leather jacket came bounding up and hugged Uhura who had been talking to Scotty. Sulu was momentarily confused until the hood fell off the boy's head and his familiar light brown curls were displayed.

"Pasha?" Sulu asked dropping his conversation with Spock. The boy looked over at the name and a bright smile that stole Hikaru's breath took place on the boy's face.

"'Karu!" Chekov exclaimed, taking the few steps and enveloping Sulu in a bear hug. Hikaru could feel lean muscles flexing as he was hugged and he swallowed hard.


Yep screwed.


"Eet is so great to see you 'Karu! I missed you zis summer!" Chekov said as he let Sulu go, his accent slightly thicker than normal after spending the summer in Russia.

"I know same here. One thing's for sure you grew up a lot over the summer" Sulu commented, readjusting his mental image of his best friend.

"Da, mama said I sprouted like a Capellan flower, minus ze dying part" Chekov replied an embarrassed smile on his face.

"How are your parents?" Sulu asked.

"Great, I miz zem already but eet ees good to be back at school" Pavel said absently brushing a curl out of his eyes. Sulu started imagining what it would be like to run his hands through Pavel's curls, their faces inches from one another and
Crap! Crap! Crap! He's your best friend Hikaru get it together!



"
'Karu?" Sulu heard Chekov asking as he came back to himself.

"I'm sorry Pasha, I didn't catch that" Sulu replied feeling heat crawl up the back of his neck.

"I asked how vas spending time vith your parents, you only talked about the planets in your messages." Pavel asked.

"It was nice, dad only bailed for work half a dozen times the whole vacation." Sulu replied with a smile.

"Zat is nice" Chekov said. "Ve should probably get to class."

"You're right. I'll see you at lunch unless we share a class between then?" Sulu asked hopefully.

"Da, see you zen!" Chekov said with a smile and wave as he walked quickly down the hall to his first class.

Sulu watched his friend leave getting full view of his backside and the way Chekov's jeans hugged his lean legs.

Sulu gulped,
Most definitely screwed.



xXx


Pavel groaned and buried his face in his arms on his desk. During the summer holiday he had missed Hikaru so much that it hurt, and now seeing him in person he had done nothing but babble like an idiot.

At the end of last year Pavel had realized he developed a crush on his best friend, which over the summer he tried to convince himself otherwise. He had even gone so far as to go on a couple of dates with his neighbor Ivanna, who had shown interest in him after a particular growth spurt that had brought him to his current height, but his mind kept wandering back to Hikaru.

It was sealed when Pavel had seen him in the hall just now. His heart had started racing when he had heard Hikaru's quiet voice call his name. Pavel Chekov was hopelessly in love with his best friend, and there was nothing he could do about it.

"Pavel is that you?" He heard a female voice say to his left. Pavel lifted his head and saw Carol Marcus smiling at him.

"Wow have you grown this summer, how was Russia?" The blonde girl asked.

"Eet vas good. How vas your summer? Didn't you go to France vith Nyota?" Pavel answered.

"Yes we did, Paris was beautiful" Carol said with a twinkle in her eyes.

Pavel leaned over to Carol's desk and whispered, "Ny-ny vouldn't tell me but did you two finally get togezer?"

Carol pursed her lips and nodded, causing Pavel to smile.

"But we're keeping it quiet 'cause who knows how my father would react." Carol replied. "So have you seen Hikaru?"

"Yes" Pavel sighed sadly.

"Why so great a sigh?" Carol asked.

"Eet's nothing, I vill find a vay to deal vith it on my own." Pavel said. Carol nodded and dropped the subject. That's why he liked the blonde girl she knew when to push and when to leave things be.

Pavel turned to face the front of the class as the instructor walked in, realizing he had no clue how he was going to deal with being in love with Hikaru.

>