

The music was loud enough that you could feel it in your bones, but Hikaru didn't care. They did it, they graduated from Starfleet Academy. Hikaru felt great he was now the pilot of the newly christened Enterprise with Pavel as his navigator the rest of the crew filled with their friends. He couldn't pass up the good feeling and decided tonight was the perfect night, no waiting, he was going to do; he just had to wait for the right moment.

Pavel dragged him onto the dance floor of Badlands Dance Club, the place filled with all their friends and classmates. Hikaru couldn't quite understand why his father had shut the place down for his graduation party but didn't turn down the gift.

An hour later when they were moving their way to the bar, Hikaru couldn't take it anymore. He pulled Pavel to the side not caring who saw.

"Pavel, Pasha, love. I feel like there aren't enough days where I wake up with you by my side and I can't stand the thought of not being with you. So here goes nothing. Pavel Andreievich Chekov, will you marry me?" Hikaru said just loud enough to be heard over the music, kneeling and pulling out a simple white gold ring with diamonds inlaid in the band.

"Karu, bozhe moy! Da, YES!" Pavel exclaimed as he pulled Hikaru up to kiss him fiercely. Hikaru returned the kiss and got lost in the euphoria of Pavel saying yes.

Hikaru was trembling slightly when he slipped the ring on Pavel's finger. What he didn't see was Jim and Spock walking by, the blonde stopping in his tracks for a moment at what he saw and then forcibly pushing his way over to the DJ.

Suddenly the music stopped and the club was filled with the sound of the blonde's voice.

"Attention Enterprise Crew this is your Captain speaking. I would like to inform all of you that Lieutenant Sulu and Ensign Chekov are now engaged." Jim said into the microphone with a wide smile. A few seconds later the music resumed and there was a rush of Pavel and Hikaru's friends coming over to congratulate them.

Even though he could see that what Pavel wanted to do most was disappear back to Hikaru's apartment and celebrate their engagement privately, Hikaru had them stay just long enough to politely accept everyone's congratulations. This was the happiest he ever felt, he had the man he loved, friends that were closer than family and the known universe and more to explore.

>