

Chapter 4: Intellectual Savior of Mutants

A/N: Yep, I'm back with another chapter. Sorry for the delay, but I had to map this out right in my head before posting it. I'll be juggling this story, my sequel to Truth and Lies, and my prequel to Truth and Lies as well as More Than Words. So if updates for this story aren't frequent, that's why, though my goal is to still get this finished before Wrestlemania in April. Still upset about Batista winning the Rumble when he hasn't wrestled in four years. So unfair to the other wrestlers that have worked hard to get where they're at! Also heard that CM Punk has possibly left the company, though they're saying he's just taking time off. I'm inclined to believe that since there was nothing on the official WWE site about him getting released. So, anyway, I hope you enjoy this chapter. Thanks to all of those who have read and reviewed. It means a lot to me that you're sticking with this.

Disclaimer: TMNT and all related characters are property of Nickelodeon. WWE and all related characters are owned by Vince McMahon. If I owned it, someone else would have won the Rumble and NOT Batista!

Damien Sandow prided himself on getting a decent amount of sleep as he felt that a good night's sleep was paramount to one's intelligence and helped the brain stay active. He was just having a good dream where he was awarded the Nobel Prize for having invented the cure to idiocy when he was awakened by a crash. He bolted up in bed, wondering what the noise was about. Why did wrestlers have to consume so much alcohol the night after an event anyway? It always made them act like idiots. Sighing, Damien got out of bed and yelped when he looked down at his feet. Not only were his feet green, but he had three toes! Why on Earth would he have three toes? Not wanting to waste any more time on the matter at present, he went in search of whoever was making the obnoxious racket that was disturbing his sleep.

He followed the sound of voices to the kitchen and saw two turtles hitting each other. He immediately asked them to stop, and the two looked up in surprise.

"Damien?" they both asked him.

Damien rolled his eyes. "Yes, that's me," he said. "And how do you two ignoramouses know that anyway?"

"I'm John Cena, bitch, and this is Randy Orton," the turtle in the blue mask replied.

"First off, I am not a female dog and should not be addressed as such," Damien snootily countered. "Second off, if you are the two wrestlers, do you have any idea how we could have been switched to the horrific state we are in now?"

Randy pointed an accusing finger at John. "Ask him!" he shouted. "He's the son of a bitch who did this! You know how he is. First he takes my title and now he's found a way for us all to switch bodies! He's crazy, I tell you!"

Damien laughed. "Randall, I think YOU are the one who is crazy," he corrected. "After all, you do hear voices in your head. Have you ever thought about seeing someone for that?"

"No, and if you don't shut your mouth, the voices in my head are gonna tell me to do something to you that you'll never forget," Randy threatened.

"Look, enough with the fightin'," John said. "We need to figure out how to get out of this mess and fast."

"I propose that we look around and see exactly who is living in this establishment," Damien replied. "But first, I think it would be best if we had ourselves some breakfast as that will help to stimulate our minds."

Randy snorted. "From the looks of you, Sandow, I would say that something else needs to be stimulated."

Damien was about to go after Randy, but John held him back.

"Whoa, easy there, Damien," the Cenation leader said. "We can kick his ass later. For now, I say we definitely need some breakfast. And since Randy here prevented me from finishing mine, he can pour me some more Fruity Pebbles."

"And after you're done with that, Randall, you can cook me four eggs over easy, some toast, bacon, and pour me a cold glass of milk," Damien recited. "After all, coffee is far too hazardous to one's health."

"You need me to wipe your asses while you're at it?" Randy sneered.

"Hell no! You ain't goin' after the Champ's ass!" Cena declared.

Rolling his eyes, Randy went to do as the wrestlers asked while John and Damien made themselves at home, ready to get the day started.

22222

Donatello was having a very good dream about some time with April when he suddenly woke up to some yelling in the hallway. Frustrated, Don pulled back the covers and let out a gasp when he saw that he had human legs and not the legs he normally had. What was going on? Terrified, he went to the mirror and gasped as he saw that he was a man with a goatee. Okay, what had happened last night? The last thing he remembered was going to bed after his brothers were done watching wrestling. He found some clothes in a duffel bag and hurriedly put them on, going out into the hallway to see what was going on.

He found two men coming down the hallway he didn't know and kept muttering to himself, "Who am I? Why am I here?"

The two men bumped into him, and one of them barked, "Why don't you watch where you're goin', asshole?"

Don apologized and said, "Sorry, but I'm a little distracted due to the circumstances of what has happened to me as it's something that seems very illogical."

The two men's eyes widened and they gasped, "Donnie?"

"Uh, yes, who are you?" he asked. "How do you know my name?"

The first man said, "It's Leo and this is Raph. We've switched bodies with WWE Superstars."

"We have? Then who am I supposed to be?"

"You're Damien Sandow," Leo replied. "I'm John Cena and Raph is Randy Orton."

"But how did this happen?" Don asked. "We were in the Lair and went to bed. How could we have ended up here? Wait, did you sneak some of Splinter's sake, Raph?"

"No, I didn't," Raph replied indignantly.

"Let's not argue here," Leo said hurriedly. "How about if we try and find Mikey first?"

Suddenly, they saw Daniel Bryan come out of his room yelling, "Check it out! I'm Daniel Bryan! This is totally radical, dudes!"

Raph smirked. "I think we found him, Leo."

A/N: Yeah, this was a short chapter but it's all I could think of for now. So now we know Mikey is switched with Daniel Bryan. How is the bearded Superstar going to cope with the switch? Well, you'll have to read on and find out. And as for what Don's dream was, you can probably guess on your own. So, feel free to leave a review and have a shelltastic day.

>