



Chapter 34



My aching muscles didn't respond as fast as I'd like them too, so Stephen's hand caught my leg before I could spin out of the way. The healer had dealt with my serious injuries – my eye, nose and one of my ribs, it seemed – but had not taken all pain away. Daniel claimed that was a good thing, I'd have to learn to deal with pain. Immediately after breakfast he had announced that he and Stephen would be training me together. Stephen for the physical part, Daniel for the mental part. Will wanted to come, but wasn't allowed to. We both had to work on our weaknesses and since I was Will's weakness, he had to train without me.
"Again," Daniel ordered.
Stephen pulled me up and stood against me, hands ready to lunge again. I could tell he wasn't trying to hurt me, just taking me out with every move. But I didn't stand a chance. After he floored me for the fifth time he went to stand behind me.

"It all starts with the basics," he pushed my back, "stand up straight, shoulders down," he took my hands and held them out, "be ready to attack."
He let go of me and walked around me.
"Plant your feet firmly." I adjusted various things as he continued to comment on them. When he seemed satisfied he came to stand in front of me again. His hand moved, but this time he did it without haste, expecting me to respond.
"No." Daniel walked over and stood next to me. "Look." Stephen now went for Daniel and Daniel showed me the counter moves. Even after two moves I could see they had been training people together before. They anticipated each other too well.
It took two hours of training before Daniel let me leave the gym, to take a walk as a cooling down. Stephen walked beside me, not speaking. I was fine with that, it wasn't like I wanted to speak with him either.

Having returned to the gym, Stephen now sat down as Daniel ordered me take up a defensive position against him.
"Now, I'm going to help you to advance your powers. Even though that's mental, it helps that you take up a defensive position physically as well. If you feel physically strong, your shield will feel stronger as well. So that will help your powers."
"I don't have powers. I only have my shield."
"We can work with that," he smiled and I felt a huge blow on my shield. Immediately after that I felt Will's physical pain. The blow on my shield had broken his concentration and he was taken out by the person he was training with.
"I see you are still Will's weakness." Daniel stated, "You know, the connection between the two of you makes both of you stronger. You don't have to even communicate telepathically, because you know what the other will do. And you can locate each other. But it does have it's faults. Like right now. Either Will learns to control his responses to you being attacked, or I must insist that you push him out of your shield."
That wasn't going to happen.

I agree. It won't stop me again.

Will not only thought it, but spoke it out loud as well, Daniel got the message from whoever was keeping him informed on Will's training.
"Alright then. Again."

Unlike Stephen, who had helped me up after getting me down, Daniel offered no helping hand.
"Get up."
The pounding on my shield became a physical thudding pain, just like in the church when everyone seemed to be aiming their powers on me. I couldn't help my knees from budging and falling to the ground. This pain felt even worse than the aching pain I had gotten from my physical training. As soon as I'd fallen over, Daniel would stop, order me to get up and then he'd start pounding again.
Judging by the look on his face he got more frustrated every time I fell down. After the I don't know how manieth time he lost his cool. It was the first time I saw him upset.

"You are the most powerful shield I have ever met! This pounding shouldn't even faze you one bit! Get up, take your stand and keep on standing! This is a weakness you are imagining, it isn't there! You. Are. Not. Weak!"
I got up and looked him straight in the eye, the anger and hate showing clearly, shocking me. As I stood up straight and took my stand, he started pounding again and within seconds I was on the floor.
"Ugh!" he turned around and waved at me dismissively, "You keep training with her and don't stop until she gets it. Even if she has to be here all night."
Stephen walked over to me and offered me a bottle of water. I gratefully took it and gulped half of it down. Unlike Daniel he gave me a few minutes to gather up strength. But like Daniel he then told me to get up. As soon as I got up, I sensed from Will that Daniel had walked in on his training.

He says he's going to train me personally now, to give you some extra motivation.

I didn't really understand what was meant with that, until I felt Will's physical pain coming through our bond. As if that was the cue Stephen was waiting for, he then started pounding on my shield.
Will was trying to fight Daniel, but while the other people he had trained with that day had been no match for him, he was now no match for Daniel. It didn't take long until Will was on the floor. But Daniel didn't stop attacking him.
I was trying to focus on Will but the pounding on my shield proved to be too much of a distraction. My knees went weak again and I slumped to the ground.

"I can go at this all day."
Daniel told Will with a grim smile.
Will and I were going through the same motions now, both getting up. And at the same time that Daniel lunged for Will, Stephen went for my shield.
My knees gave in, just like Will's. But instinct set in. I knew that the only way to get Daniel to stop, to save Will from more pain, I would have to stand strong. So without making the conscious decision to do so, without knowing myself what exactly I was doing, I managed to straighten my legs again and stand up. I was so focused on Will now, that the thumping on my shield became an annoyance and then just vanished. Not because Stephen stopped, but because I no longer paid attention to it.
As Daniel stopped kicking Will and I felt Stephen stop the attack on my shield I smiled and looked Stephen straight in the eye, knowing that Daniel would get the message.
"Now tell me again that we are each other's weakness."

The door smashed open and Will and Daniel came walking in. Will had a proud little smile on his lips but Daniel seemed furious.
"He-" he pointed at Will, "He is as much your weakness as you are his! For hours I've tried to make you stand tall and realize your shield can take it. But only when he gets involved you can actually do it. You think that makes you stronger? It does not! You should be able to do it without him! That will make you strong!"
His anger scared me and Will took my hand. Daniel's eyes flicked to our hands and back to my eyes.
"Get out." he quietly ordered, "We'll continue this in the morning."

"You're exhausted." Will said as he guided me to our room. He sat me down on the bed. "I'll get the shower running for you."
When he returned he sat down next to me and kissed me. But when he tried to pull away, I was unwilling to let go.
"Join me." I suggested.
For a moment Will was startled. I could hear his thoughts going fast in all directions. Love, surprise, wonder, a big fat no, resolution.
"We don't have to -"
"I want to." I cut through him.
"I don't."
Hurt by that, I pulled away.
"Listen." he pulled me back, "Listen. I want to. I really do. But not now. Not under these circumstances. Back home."
"Why wait?"
"Because I want us to be free of any fear when we get to be together."
"You want it to be perfect." I smiled.
"Well, yes." He admitted.
I looked at him, a tad nervous.
"Join me anyway?"
He looked into my eyes, searching, all the while listening to both of our thoughts. He knew what I was asking. And led the way to the bathroom.

>