

It was horrible. To be nippleless. Urahara did not know how he would go through life as he knew it without his nipples. Thankfully, he had the full (albeit forced) support of the Substitute Soul Reaper and his dutiful team. They had all (unwillingly) sworn to help him retrieve his nipples.

It had begun that fateful day when he had woken up from a drunken haze to find himself manhandling Kurosaki Ichigo, who had, in return, stabbed him with his gargantuan zanpakutou, only to find that he was missing his nipples! Oh the horror he had experienced! So distraught by this shocking new development was he, that he had immediately passed out. Yes, contrary to popular belief, it had not been due to his enormous hangover or the wound Ichigo had inflicted upon him, but the shock of finding himself suddenly nippleless.

It had only been several days later, after Inoue Orihime had been brought in to heal him and Tessai-san was 100% convinced of his sobriety, that they started to listen to his pleas and saw for themselves that his niples were, indeed, missing.

And so Urahara formed a team (making use of several colourful threats) consisting of Ururu, Jinta, Tessai, Sado (as favour to Urahara for training him), Ishida (who practically had to be drugged, hog-tied and dragged along) and Ichigo. It had been hard to convince him, what with his rock-solid defense against 'you stabbed me so you owe me one,' which was that the shopkeeper had practically molested him, but somehow Urahara had managed to guilt him into it. Only Inoue was spared. The official reason was that, seeing as she had healed him, she did not owe him any favours, but in truth it was out of fear that she might cook for them if she went along. Rukia and her freeloading friend had conveniently disappeared off to Soul Society on urgent business with Captain Kuchiki only days before the Nipple Task Force was set to depart. However, the joke was on them, for the few and sometimes imaginary clues they found on their investigation had almost immediately led them to Soul Society, where Urahara's life had begun.

Ah yes, the places their quest had led them... Fortune tellers (human and otherwise), caves, dodgy bars, beautiful castles, spooky forests, peaceful meadows, ponds, rivers, up and down shorelines, you name it, their quest took them there. But alas, no real answers were to be found. Until the day Yoruichi decided to join them.

It was smoldering hot in the desert the company found themselves yet again nippleless in. So discouraged were they by now, evn Urahara himself was contemplating simply giving up an living a listless, meaningless, nippleless life.
And then
she
showed up.
"Kisuke! What madness is this? What do you think you are doing?" she scolded.
"Yoruichi-san! Woe is me, for I am nippleless!" he lamented to the black cat.
She frowned (or at least, Urahara thought she did. He had become quite skilled at discerning her kitty-emotions, but she was still a cat, and it was still hard.)
"Hmmmmmm..." She appeared to be deep in thought. "Kisuke," she said slowly, tentatively. "I don't recall you
ever
having nipples."

"Indeed, Urahara Kisuke," a high-pitched voice resonated from the almost-palpable heat surrounding them. "Listen to the feline." The haze took on colour and shape to reveal a plump orange man floating cross-legged just above Ichigo's head.
"Wh- who are you?!" stuttered the stunned teen.
"Behold! I am the Great Belingol!" said the giant floating Oompa-loompa. "Fear me!"
Ichigo blinked at it. "Uhhh," he declared bravely and put on his best rub-my-belly expression yet.
Belingol scowled and turned his attention to the rest of the company. "I am Belingol! The first to practice Belingolism!"
"STOP!" commanded Ishida, speaking for the first time. "Are you some kind of lunatic!? What the hell is Belingolism?! You're just making stuff up now, aren't you?"
Belingol glared at the angry little Quincy and trilled on. "I am so glad you asked! Belingolism has a long, proud history, which I would love to tell you, but alas! time is of the essence now. Do not fret! I shall tell you all about it some day, young ones. But for now, all you need to kn ow that it is practiced by those who rebel against the unfairness of Nipplelessnes, of whom I was the first!"
"I realise I am probably going to regret this," muttered Ishida. "But what does Belingolism entail?"
"Bellydancing! Without nipples!"
"Wait a minute!" Urahara exclaimed. "You mean there are others like me?!"
Belingol stared at Urahara like he was an idiot. "You do not remember?" he asked incredulously. "Urahara Kisuke, you drink waaaaaaaay too much sake." And with that he was gone.

The company (read: Urahara) was overjoyed. A new clue! Their quest would continue!
And so they were led to numerous brothels (guided by the occasional appearance of Belingol) where finally their (read: Urahara's) burning question could be answered.

"It was horrible," the man rasped. "The disease that overcame us. One by one my colleagues fell ill, and one by one their once-proud nipples rotted away to nothingness."
A loud gasp from Urahara ensued. "How horrible!" exclaimed the shopkeeper.
"Yes, that it was. But the worst was yet to come. Soon, babes were being born without nipples. They had contracted the dreaded disease known as Nipplelessness from their fathers."
Urahara had a strange expression on his face. "Ohhhhhh... Nipplelessness... Of course. Now I remember. It's a rare STD that thrives in the man-whores of the Rukon Districts. Yes, it had been passed down to me through my father. I remember now. I've never had nipples. Thank you, kind he-ho, we'll be returning home now," he said casually, moving to leave the dodgy man-brothel, his company utterly speechless.
"WAIT A MOMENT!" exploded Ichigo. "You mean to tell me you dragged us around looking for an answer
you already had?!
"

"Of course, my boy!" said Belingol, appearing once more above Ichigo's head. "This was all my handiwirk. I set Urahara off on a quest to discover his true identity! Son, do you know now?"
"Father!" Urahara yelled gleefully. "I am so glad I've found you!"

Their heartfelt moment was interrupted by the sound of multiple heads hitting a wall all at once.
"Facewall: when you palm just isn't enough," Yoruichi explained.

>