


Sorry for the long long delay but was busy at university. Anyway, I hope you'll enjoy the chapter. :)


Chapter 3

They reappeared on the borders, near the place where they handed over the Sun-horse to the king's men. Everything was silent. Light brush of wind reminded them that time is still running. But the freeze was much worse than the last time, the price of their visit to the Seasons. Winter was coming and it will soon come also to the Enchanted Forest.

Regina seen it hundred times but it still fascinated her. The darkness just few meters ahead. Few centimeters. They could see some pikemen, who were guarding the border, discussing something and laughing. Their heavy helmets were lying in a heap on the ground. The men were gathered around a small fire. When the two riders approached them from behind the border, two or three looked at them with bloodshot eyes and smiles on their faces.

Emma smiled too.
They are drunk!
It was quite impressive to see something like that when their country is in trouble. And a big one as the herald said.

"Good men," Regina called for them. Now they had their full attention. Or as much of it as it was possible. "We…"

"The Evil Queen!" Maybe the drunkest one exclaimed excitedly.

Regina frowned a little. "I…"

"…good to see you milady." The man continued, stepping closer to her horse and bowing clumsily. "Our master is waiting for you." He stepped back to the fire. "I'm sorry, milady, I need to warm up a little." He took the wine bag and took a huge swig.

"Thank you." Regina said and spurred the horse to move. They had to jump off anyway because of the dark but she didn't want to do it with the group near them, avoiding silly drunken conversation.

"Quite happy despite the fact they're in danger," Emma stated, looking behind her shoulder at the group they were getting further from. "I'm not sure I would be organizing party if some monsters attacked us." They were walking slowly with their horses at their side. Emma's trying to scrounge something from her, slightly hitting her arm with its head. Emma caressed the horse's head. Regina was still silent. "Well, I would probably get some shot for courage but…"

"They have a good reason to be happy," Regina replied, smiling shortly at Emma, but still being watchful. So was Emma. She just wanted to ease the mood that tried to hold of them once they entered Abner's kingdom.

But Regina didn't give up as well, she was smiling and it wasn't forced. She actually appreciated that effort. "They're closest to borders; they can run away anytime they want. Good reason to celebrate, don't you think?"

Emma didn't know if she liked the answer. She felt relief as if she was one of the men who can run, but the image of Regina running away was uncomfortable. She knew Regina is strong and she can fight for something. And that now she will stay with her. The blonde nodded with another smile and turned her head to look forward.

They passed by few houses in which they could see small light of candles. People had lives again; they were waiting for the horse to make their day. Literally. The road was winding through more and more small groups of houses, or trees, along a river…

Both the Savior and the Queen were silent, only the sound of wind, hooves and steps of their boots resonated in the dark.

"You know, I think..." Emma started and looked at Regina. At least she wanted to. But Regina wasn't walking next to her. The blonde looked back behind her and spotted the woman standing still, staring forward.

"Regina?" Emma frowned and took a few steps toward the older woman. "Regina?" She waved her hand to get the Queen's attention. "Regina?" Emma could hear panic in her own voice.

Regina blinked and looked at the blonde. "Yes? Oh sorry. Just lost in thought for while…" She took the bridle and passed still frowning Emma considering her not worth a glance.

But Emma offered her a very serious and angry gaze. No saying a word she followed the Queen, thinking hard.

"What's wrong with you?" She started, looking significantly at Regina. As much as she tried for it not to sound that accusing she knew the older woman heard it.

The brunette stopped her walk and turned to her angrily. She pointed to her own chest, "Me? What's wrong with me?! Why is it, Miss Swan, that there is always something wrong with me? Have you ever thought about the possibility that maybe there is something wrong with you?" She was breathing heavily since she got all those words out in one breath and gesticulated wildly.

"Oh so I should be offended then. Because if there is something wrong with me, no one asks me what it is or how can they help me or comfort me. So what is your problem exactly here, Regina?" Emma barked to brunette's face, her hands balled to fists in fury.

When the furious staring contest was over Regina added, "Nothing's wrong if you're asking but is there something I can do for you?" She took the blonde by hand, caressing her knuckles with her thumb. The warm look of Queen's dark eyes softened Emma's heart a little but not completely.

"You're lying." Green eyes weren't saying anything. No hate. No love. Nothing in particular.

Regina took a breath to say something but Emma raised a hand to stop her and shook her head.

"Tell me anytime you want. But I won't wait long."

The Queen's face filled with worry and sorrow. Hold of her hands on Emma's tightened. She wanted to tell her lover but she couldn't. This was too personal. Emma was too.
But she might think I'm crazy.
She was so sorry that Emma didn't know but she couldn't.

Emma extracted her hand from Regina's, gently brushing it with her fingers, letting the older woman know she meant no harm.

Regina offered her small smile as they continued on walking to king's castle.


James swung his sword full force to fend off the attack. "Come on! We got them!"

Soldiers gathered the small group of men as a herd and lead them to the royal duo.

Snow put the bow and arrow back to their place at her back and looked sternly at the group. "Who are you?" she asked.

But the men remained silent. One or two kicked them a little to speak up. But they resisted doing anything they were told to by people who caught them. Being defeated twice in two days? Not really what they expected.

"Why did you attack us?" Snow asked again.

But James was losing his patience. "Are you deaf?! Why did you attack us?" He had head full of their mission in the Dark Land.

Few men were shaking but haven't said anything just gazed at their captors.

"Who are you?" Snow repeated her question.

"Bummers and thieves if you ask me," said one of the soldiers.

James and Snow didn't say anything at that but they agreed.

"Do you know what honest work is? Have you ever tried such a thing? If not you should start. Much less of risk and more of good feelings." James smiled at them reassuringly and motioned their small army to let the guys go.

The group walked backwards warily looking from one soldier to another. "Our Queen will find out about this! Her revenge will be huge and devastating." Some of them smiled snidely.

"Bring them back!" Snow exclaimed. "What did you just say?"

"Our Queen will give you what you deserve," the leader growled at them again.

Charmings exchanged short glances of horror.

"I knew it," Snow noted. "I knew it!" She spurred the horse to gallop, James right behind her, with the soldiers jumping on their horses hurriedly not to stay far behind.


As they passed another group of houses, sharp angry cry of a baby cut the air, but some real teary cry and sobs too. Emma and Regina looked around, confused. "What was that?" They didn't know which one asked the question.

More sobs led them to one of the houses right next to the road. They approached it warily and stepped in carefully in order to find out what's happening.

"H-hello," apologizing they raised their hands in greeting gesture.

In a small room, the young woman with old eyes holding a baby, older woman and a man looked at them through tears silently. Just the baby continued on its tirade. Mother rocked it nervously trying to get it back to sleep, carrying it to another room, no eyes for the intruders anymore. Well, maybe little glance.

Bed at the edge of which the older woman was sitting had a person hidden there under the covers. The two women wouldn't have guessed at a first sight that there's someone else in the room. But now the covers moved and both man and a woman looked even sadder.

The couple dared to take few respectful steps forward. Someone there was probably sick and these people were waiting for his last breath out, for the release from his suffering.

The woman tried to be silent, to suppress her sobs but it was too much for her and she burst to new wave of tears.

"I'm sorry," Regina whispered and touched the woman's shoulder sympathetically.

Emma stepped closer to the bed to see the old, sick, gaunt man being at his last gasp. She looked at Regina over her shoulder and the expression on the brunette's face was clear.
We went overboard about this.


"I'm so sorry," Emma whispered, shifting her eyes back to the pale man in bed.

After getting back to stand in the middle of the room she waited for Regina so they could continue. But the Queen stayed in her place at the woman's side for the next minute and then stepped to the 'dead' man as Emma did before. She touched his forehead and he rasped, no particular words leaving his mouth. Now Regina looked at Emma. Pleadingly. Emma understood but she didn't know how to answer. To heal him, it would mean making his family happy. On the other hand, he would have to go through that torture again. Dying again. But what's more than happy family? So she nodded to her lover, giving her needed courage to do what she could.

As Regina started performing the healing spells it all came back to her as if the man was protected by a shield. She looked at the woman now standing beside the bed, who was crying even more if that was even possible. The brunette grabbed her by shoulders forcing her to look her in the eye.

"What happened here?" She was gripping the woman's shoulders desperately.

But the woman just shook her head choking on her own sobs.

"Please, tell me," asked Regina, now gentler.

The woman got the cry under control for a few seconds and they had to focus hard to recognize words spoken by the voice tainted with cry.

"His disease…he was very…very sick and the healer said it's impossible for him to survive two days…b-but…it's more than week he's like that…please…don't…" The woman's voice broke, her face scrunched up, her upper lip curled in more suppressed cry. "Please, don't judge us…we…we wanted him dead…because… what kind of life this is? But he's still alive and no one knows why. We want him to have peace finally. To rest and feel no pain anymore."

Regina pulled crying woman to comforting hug but her brain worked on the mystery already.

"He's your husband, isn't he?"

The woman nodded and small smile appeared on her face. "He is." She put a handkerchief to her face to wipe off the tears. She took the man by hand, squeezing it gently, looking him in the eye.

"I tried to heal him but it's not possible," Regina started. "Do you know why?"

The woman shook her head no. "He wasn't cursed if you mean that."

That was exactly what Regina thought. But the answer took her aback. If he wasn't cursed then what could explain his resistance to her spells?

Emma felt tickling on her neck and head the sword ready in less than a second, swiftly turning around, pointing to the person who appeared behind her.

The woman yelped, putting hand over her heart in shock. The man they totally forgot about stood up, walking backwards till he hit the wall with his back.

A person? What was hovering there would be wrong to describe as a person. Leathery wings were moving, producing small breeze in the room. The sick man's throat released more of louder rasps.

Emma didn't hesitate and started her attack, trying to drive the uninvited guest outside or to kill it for that matter. The baby in the other room started crying its lungs out again. The flying monster screamed as well and hauled off at Emma with its long claws and very sharp teeth peeking from its hideous face.

Emma fought it as she could, she managed to cause same serious damage to her opponent's body but just after the creature took hold of her and nailed her between itself and floor, scratching and making Emma who was almost unable to move feel helpless. But she gathered all her strength and courage she had and kicked the monster off her body, few swings with her sword gave her at least some space and more importantly time to get up. Now encouraged by anger and adrenaline she rushed to hurt the creature fatally. All she did were few really deep cuts, from which dark liquid poured. That was enough for the creature to break the window pane on its way out.

The house would fall to silence if it wasn't for the child in the other room. The older woman hurried to take check on the baby, closing the door behind her as if she wanted to separate from the demons of the house. The man was trembling with his back still at white wall, not able to move, eyes wide open in fear. After few seconds he ran to the other room too, not caring about two strangers with the old man there.

But Emma wasn't paying much attention to her surroundings. Her anger was there only for one person, who was staring at her with very, very guilty expression.

Emma gritted her teeth and her hands balled into fists, gripping the sword till her knuckles turned white, striding to Regina, face to face with the Queen.

"What was that, Regina?"

The brunette shook her head, speechless, but she knew Emma won't take the bait. But she put on offended mask anyway and raised one of her perfect eyebrows, looking at Emma as if bothered and really bored, putting her hands to her hips.

"So you think I invited the…the…" she waved her hand in the direction of where the fight took place, "the beauty to the party?" She ran her fingers through her hair, sighing.

That was not what Emma meant. But anyway… "Bullshit, Regina! You've seen it before and you know what it is!" She breathed heavily. Anger boiling inside her.

"I have no idea what you are talking about," Regina replied but she didn't look Emma in the eye.

"Don't lie to me!" The blonde raised a warning finger. "Regina?"

Regina finally looked at her lover. Her eyes full of pain and doubts, but she didn't give up. What she saw in the dream with her father was nothing, only the scary face. She sighed again, irritated.

"Miss Swan, I know nothing about this. And before you try to accuse me of something in the future, please, think about it before you do it." She pushed past the blonde and headed to the door, feeling awkward. But before she could step over the threshold she heard her name being called again. She rolled her eyes and turned around, crossing her arms at her chest. Emma was still with her back to her but leaning over the man in bed.

"Regina?"

It sounded urgently so she threw the theatrical performance away and appeared next to Emma who was watching, horrified, the changes in man's face.

"What is it?" The blonde reached with her finger to touch the face changing its color, turning slowly to red, red-brown and it started to change its form too.

"Don't!" Regina grabbed Emma's wrist and pushed her from the bed, looking directly to her eyes, touching her hand. Emma got lost in the moment despite her anger. Regina's eyes were looking so loving and so searching for support it confused her. The Queen slowly extracted the sword from the blonde's hand. She needed some encouragement. Putting her hand at the nape of Emma's hand, she pulled the Savior to the mind blowing kiss, which left the weak knees effect behind. She eventually pulled away, turned around and shoved the sword right to the man's heart. The old man screamed furiously and that was his last breath. It took Emma a while to start thinking again. She reached out and put her hands on Regina's, still on the sword.

"I'm sorry," Regina offered the half transformed man last look and pulled the blade out of his body, handing it back to Emma. They walked out without a word. Horses were nowhere to be seen. Regina whistled but she didn't get a reward by hearing hooves hitting the ground. She tried once again while Emma was trying to catch a glimpse of the animals from as far as she could without losing Regina out of sight. She couldn't see anything as well. She let out the air from her cheeks, once again checking the darkness. She joined Regina already walking the road to the castle and gulped down the words she had for the other woman.


Her horse stopped abruptly and she almost flew forward over its head. The stubborn animal had enough and didn't want to continue in the crazy pace, stomping from foot to foot, rearing up.

"Ho! Ho!" James was trying to calm rebelling horse and took it by the bridle. After a while the animal capitulated and Snow could finally jump down safely.

James did the same and caressed horse's nose, calming him with his voice.

Pacing Snow White didn't stop before the soldiers joined them. Just then she asked one of their men to give her his horse; that she needs to continue. But the soldiers just exchanged hesitating looks. She turned to James. He let out a breath with a hint of soothing smile.

"We need to rest. All of us." He didn't break the eye contact, approaching her, taking her hands in his. The retinue behind was nodding and murmuring their agreement.

Snow shook her head, frowning, not willing to waste any second.

"We don't know which Queen the brigand meant." That was really poor argument.

"There is no such a Queen except the one they could mean," she stroke back.

"I know, I know." He squeezed her hands reassuringly. "But what if they were lying? What if she didn't send them?"

She couldn't believe her husband's words. "Are you defending her again?"

"What? No! I'm not defending her; I'm trying to be objective. Anyway, why would she do that? Why would she take Emma away and make her to trust her, hm?"

"To fool us, to humiliate us…to…to…to hurt us." Her eyes wandered to her boots, now when thinking about it, it didn't make sense to her as well. If Regina was telling truth and she changed or she's trying to change for Emma…then there is nothing to worry about.

"Leaving Henry behind?" he looked at her quizzically.

"She…ok."

"Right," his wife exhaled. "No jumping to conclusions again." She offered him genuine smile. "I think we should make camp here, what do you think?"


Men at the castle gate were at full attention when the couple got there. The captain of the castle ushered them with three of his men to armory where Abner watched the training, satisfied. It was obvious they've had enough. Their clothes weren't in best condition as well as the bodies covered with them. Every gram of the fabric was heavier than ton. When the king noticed them, he threw his hands in the air coming their way and welcoming them as best friends. They both accepted cheek kisses politely.

"You made it," he said with very polite small smile.

They both nodded.

"Maybe you would like to rest for a while." He offered them as if they weren't really tired. With a small group of guards they were led to their private chamber with fresh food from kitchen sent to them immediately. They both dropped to the armchairs in front of the fireplace after washing up a little and dressing to clean clothes. Chewing slowly the delicious pieces they stole few looks at one another from time to time.

"Ok," said Emma with mouth full of a juicy fruit. "I think it's not gonna be that hard. If Abner's got big army we can easily stop these creatures." She took some more of the food, pointing to Regina, "With help of your magic, of course."

Regina laughed and leaned back in the armchair. "You are so much like your father!"

Emma frowned with food halfway to her mouth.

"In a very cute way," she added, making Emma smile uncertainly. "All magic comes with a price," Regina stated more seriously.

Emma licked her finger from the juice. "I know, but…" She looked to the ceiling as if thinking. "…let Abner pay it. We are helping him, not ourselves hm?" She looked playfully at Regina.

The brunette laughed again. "If it was that simple! It will always come to you, no matter what you do."

Emma's head leaned against a headrest, turned to look at Regina, her blonde hair getting in a way, tickling her face. But Emma didn't bother to push them away; she loved this kind of freedom when around the other woman.

"Come on! I'm trying to lighten the mood! Let's not think about consequences!" She winked at Regina.

They both knew there are always consequences but they didn't want to think about it. Events of last few hours haven't made it to their conscious selves.

Standing up, Regina made a move to Emma and she was in front of her in a blink of an eye. Emma enjoyed the view of the brunette towering above her, pushing herself from the back of the armchair to circle the Queen's waist with her arms. Regina put her own arms around Emma's neck, keeping the smile plastered on her face, stealing a quick kiss from the blonde.

Soon, everything was forgotten, left behind and pleasure took the conductor's baton. Emma couldn't keep herself down on the chair. She leveled her height with Regina, kissing her hungrily, pushing her tongue past the slightly opened lips, which made the Queen moan in agreement and flood of hot wetness between her legs. She was on fire, almost literally. The brunette's hands were roaming all over Emma's back, slightly pulling the blonde closer to her lusting body. The Savior's hands weren't far behind when going down to grab the perfect ass of the Mayor. Another moan to her mouth from the other woman approved she's doing good and continued with pulling shirt from the tight pants. Regina's lips used the moment of surprise and attacked the blonde's neck, kissing, licking and biting. "Bed…now." Emma couldn't say more, her words died out in her throat or maybe directly in her brain because she couldn't form any more of them. She claimed Regina's sweet full lips, already standing up, while taking the Queen's clothes with her. Regina, encouraged by Emma's action got impatient too and didn't even care to put the blonde's clothes off. The heavy leather gambeson had to be untied but before it could hit the floor, Regina ripped Emma's shirt in two, exposing pale skin flushed with red, as the body was so aching for warmth of the other. As if to prove the theory, Emma's hips crashed with Regina's as the blonde kissed the Queen wildly, pushing her tongue to the battle where everyone wins. Warm palms caused pressure on Emma's back pushed her forward to meet the waiting embrace. Too late Emma realized that both of them are naked even if she was sure that she had her pants two seconds ago, approaching absent mindedly the small table with food. She adjusted them to the right direction of the bed not daring to break the contact with anything of Regina.


Few more arrows found their way to the trunks of nearby trees but none were life danger for them. Groups of bummers followed them all the time but the word probably spread as they didn't come closer. The thieves watched them from the darkness of the woods, sometimes shoot at them but even they were too far or too blind or shaken.

Charmings watched their every step thoroughly too. One believing it's got to do something with Regina, the other doubting it but still being watchful. Not that they trusted Regina's soldiers that much as well. They had eyes wide open to catch any sign of defiance or treason. Weather was colder and colder every day, northern winds blown at their full force and snow was trying to slowly hide the road from them. Sometimes it wasn't possible to continue through the strong wind so day wasted a lot of time stopping and building poor tents that were so ragged it almost didn't protect them at all. Finally they arrived to the calmer area and they took the whole day of sleep. The tired 'army' more than appreciated it, relieved that finally they can make fire to warm up and eat something more than stone bread and salted meat. They could defrost it now on the fire and roast it, or just have it warmer. The soldiers were professionals trained to survive in extreme condition but this was like Christmas for them, and no one judged them if they started to sing and dance and drink some of their secret stocks. What's more, it seemed that they finally shook off the men following them; they probably lost them in the whirls of white flakes. Snow and James walked from time to time through the camp, patting the soldiers on their backs, joking with them and giving them some courage by that for the upcoming days.

"They so deserve it." Snow sighed when James sat down next to her with a steaming mug.

"Yeah," he agreed, wrapping his arm around her shoulders and kissing her hair.

Thinking about Emma and 'the Queen' as they silently agreed on calling Regina, the night began.


Thanks for reading. I'd like to know your opinion - reviews are sooooo welcome!


>