

Malzahar fell to the ground, he had found somewhere private. In a dark alley way, the prophet leaned against the cold brick wall and leaned on his knees. His skin crawled with heat, his hands following it and removing his clothing where it went. The wish to curse at the feeling was immense, he tried to make some sort of noise, but all he let out was grunts and moans.

The tent in his pants wasn't going away. Privacy would have been prefered, but he couldn't bring himself to get up. Peeling down his pants, his long member vurst out and hit his stomach. It seemingly pulsed with his racing heart, dribbling with desire all over his chest. Vest and scarf on the ground, his hands tried to immitate someone's touch.
Straddling his chest, the other hand firmly gripped his erection. A single pump to start, he shivered with excitement. Tingling sensation crept up his spine, he arced off the cold wall and thrust into the air.
This wouldn't take long, his entire body was super sensitive. Something odd then happened. A finger crept under his sac, giving it a few flicks and feeling around between his ass cheeks. It wasn't very long before he found his tight hole, a sudden lust for another man to fuck him ruthlessly. His middle finger shot into his rear, poking around and going all the way in. Knuckle pressed to skin, Malzahar looked for his sweet spot. Pinching at his nipples, waves of pleasue swept over his body. A veil of sweat covered his chest, drops running from his upper torse down to his shaft base.

It only turned him on more.

He turned himself on more.

Mind moved to himself, but he was with himself. Two of himself, but he was the receiver. His counterpart thrust into his hole after a long fuck, makign them both cum. That was when he did too.

Hips bucked into the air, a white stream shot out of his erect cock and began lathering his chest. Grunts could be heard from him as wave after wave was shot onto himself. Climax subsided, leaaving him in a hot white mess.

Malzahar was a sweaty mess, covered in his own semen, and no way to clean it up. It didn't matter as he collapsed to the ground and rested with his eyes open. Did he realy desire himself that much? Running a hand through the jizz, he definitely knew the answer…

>