

TITLE: Long Hard Times to Come

CHAPTER: 20

AN: So you don't go crazy. Some of those quotes are from the games and a few I just made up.


"Come then, Warrior. Have your resolution." —Shadow-of-Sundered-Star, (Ur-Didact)


Silence.

The void held him held in its icy grip, while the darkness shielded him from life. He looked at the hand that just a few moments ago reached for Cortana. The fingers flexed and he watched the hand floating away. Curious. If he followed the hand where might it take him? The debris from the Ur-Didact's ship,
Mantle's Approach
floated alongside his wounded body, mocking him with its freedom. Perhaps the Didact will get his revenge after all. But it isn't the vacuum of space that will kill him or the injuries he sustained fighting the Ur-Didact. It's the silence.

The silence is killing him. The quicksilver presence of her in his mind is gone. As hard as he tries to reach out to her, he cannot locate her. He's alone for the first time in years. But she will come back to him. Just a little while longer and she'll speak, chiding him for worrying about her. Teasing him because he's floating out here in space when he should signal the ship to pick him up. He will be patient, and he knew how to be patient. A little patience and the sound of her voice will fill his heart.

The alternative is a grief that knows no end.

They always figured things out together. He did his part. Hadn't she assured him of that?
You did it. Just like you always do
. If he stared hard enough into the debris, he might catch a glimpse of her. She will pull herself together... somehow, and return to him. He will insert her chip, and all will be as it should. Until then, pain consumed him. Searing the empty places in his mind, where she once dwelled. No matter how hard he tried, all he heard is the thumping sound of his heart stubbornly pumping blood through his veins.

"Not without you, Cortana."
My muse, my confidant, my friend.
"I am nothing without you." The unwelcoming dark of space offered him no solace. Perhaps if he unsealed his helmet? What existed in those places before? Before rescuing her from the
Pillar of Autumn
, before she stopped him from activating the Halo on Installation 04. The impact of the events of that day will never leave him. He remembered every detail.

The Pelican disappeared into the low hanging clouds. The team watched the aircraft depart, and he allowed them a second longer than was necessary to observe, then indicated on their HUDS to move out. They don't look back. The only way is forward. They all know that.

He would never give voice to the danger clawing at him that day in the thick in the stale air. It was the weight on his shoulders, the stabbing pain in his knees. A feeling that taunted at the fringe of his thoughts so he's never quite able to grasp it. There's a finish line waiting for him. Perhaps it's as simple as his death or a new beginning. It's so palpable the Master Chief dragged in a breath, thankful for the armor's superior filtering systems and forced his feet to move. It's like walking through water.

The other men with him are relatively the same age, and he is their leader. A role that denied him a moment of relaxation or reflection. They weren't trained for that, and this is not something he could discuss with them. Not something on which they might compare notes. There are no words in his experience or vocabulary for exhaustion.

A red light flashed on his HUD, and Master Chief directed his gaze where the other Spartan pointed. They gathered round, while two of them stand guard. There on the rocky ground wedged between the remains of a wrecked Ghost, and a shapeless gray substance is an Elite. A very dead Elite. Obscured by the substance his red armor is nearly unrecognizable.

Master Chief pushed some of the substance aside to retrieve the energy sword still in the Sanghelios' belt. The elegant weapon responded to his touch with a flash and hum of plasma. His action caused the Elite to roll off the rocks and over onto its back. And now they see the clotted purple blood spilled from the thing's throat. Its combat knife still clutched in his hand.

"Can't say I blame the bastard. If that's Flood Master Chief, we've got a bigger problem than picking up few Covie bosses."

They all know what they're looking at and it places an entirely different light on the mission. This isn't the first time they've fought the Flood, and they know how to kill it. But no one had forgotten the day when one of these filthy things attacked one of their own. A Spartan. They can't shoot the monster without injuring or killing the Spartan. The don't quite trust their new armor, so red lights flickered and they waited for a second too long.

Master Chief drew the energy sword and charged toward the downed Spartan slashing through layers of the viscous flesh. It quivered as if it's in pain until the thing finally slips from the Spartan's legs and lays pulsing horribly like a huge heart until finally, it's still. The Master Chief emptied his magnum into the creature, while another Spartan helped his teammate to his feet. The Spartan cannot hide the rapid heart rate and erratic breathing. He's shaken. Master Chief reloaded the Spartan's assault rifle and handed it back to him. No one teased him about his reaction.

Another klick and their objective appeared on the horizon. It's nothing but a gray, oblong shape that no longer resembles a building. Shattered or torn off their frames, the windows and doors are gone. The wind howled through the broken windows and funneled the debris. The stench of death, too strong for their armor to filter hung thick in the filthy air. The Spartans move with determination toward the broken doors.

As soon as they enter the building, one of the Spartans reported.

"Master Chief, movement."

He nodded slightly when his HUD lights up green, and they acknowledge they've seen it too. They retrieved a couple of weapons each only to toss them down when they discover the clips are empty. Reverently moving over the increasing number of Covenant bodies and discarded weapons slowed their pace. Hope of finding life faded with every step.

The frantic calls from the ship began the moment the gray creatures began to rise from the dead bodies. Covenant ships are attacking the
'Autumn
. They were being fired upon, and there's nowhere to run. The Spartans were recalled to the
Pillar of Autumn
. A Pelican is an inbound eta, thirty minutes. The first Pelican spread the Flood onto the ship. Over the sound of the radio, the Spartans heard the screaming. The pilot has so rattled it's the Master Chief who flies the ship to the
'Autumn
. They prepare to meet their old enemy. The Spartans board the Pelican.

"Take her," he said. "Take her and keep her safe." That was his last conversation with Captain Keyes. A man he admired and respected. All gone. The
'Autumn
and her crew, his Spartan team. Until only he and Cortana remained.

And although there's been many other battles, near misses and moments with her, that moment is when it began. Although he resented the intrusion of her presence. He felt her huddled against him, grieving for the people she'd lost and the ship that had been her responsibility. He didn't understand how it was possible, but he kept her safe within his armor. As time passed and he realized he loved this entity named Cortana, just as he had loved Kelly. Unlike the two human women, Sarah and Kelly, Cortana became integral to his every breath, decision and choice.

He couldn't touch her as he had Sarah and Kelly. That didn't seem to matter. With Cortana, there was no hesitation and no sense that he was doing something wrong or outside of his training. Cortana was his responsibility, and he kept her safe. In return, she watched over him while he slept in Cryo, monitored his health, whispered encouragement when he faltered and teased him.
Come on, Chief. Take a girl for a ride. Don't make a girl a promise you can't keep. Wake up Chief. I need you.


He will never hear her voice again.

Lights from a ship illuminate him in the darkness. Over his helmet speaker, he heard, "Infinity Actual? Pelican Nine Sixer. We found him."

If he flipped open his helmet, he calculated they couldn't get to him in time to save him. Just as he reached for it a pair of sailors, seize him by the arms and pull him toward the open bay of the Pelican. He could fight them, and he'd win. He always wins.

He's on
Infinity
, now. Each step takes him further away from Cortana. How will she find him if he's here on this ship? Marines flanked the Pelican and salute as he passed. This is unnecessary, he thinks.
I have work to do. I must be with Cortana, she's waiting for me.


At the end of a formation of Marines, he noticed two familiar faces. Captain Thomas Lasky and Commander Sarah Palmer wait for him. No, I cannot do this, he thought and turned away from the first and third highest ranking officers on this ship. He walked until he located a dark corridor and a view screen. Earth beckoned to him, hanging in the void. She's out there. She needs him. It was his job to protect her.

Captain Lasky approached him quietly, allowing the Spartan a wide berth. He listened to what the Skipper said and appreciated the effort. Captain Lasky is trying to return the favor granted to him so many years ago. But there are no words he can use to describe how lost he felt. Finally, the captain left him alone.


Soldiers are not machines…We're just people…She said that to me once. About not being a machine...


The Spartan gazed out at Earth and ran every scenario he could think of about how to retrieve Cortana or the probability that she still existed. Until, exhausted, he made his way to the armory, where they remove his armor and escort him to the Infirmary. Two hours later a sailor accompanied the silent man to the bridge.

Commander Palmer met him halfway and took his hand. There are too many people on the bridge, and he wondered why. The Commander squeezed his hand and began speaking.

"Master Chief, do you remember me? Cadet Palmer? I tossed you that grenade you used to kill the Hunter. You saved my life that night at Corbulo."

"And mine," Captain Lasky said with a friendly smile and shook the Spartan's hand.

"This… this isn't necessary. I remember you. I remember everything."

"You don't understand, Master Chief," Commander Palmer murmured. "Look around. This ship and crew? We are the generation who followed you into space. We are the children who decided to become Spartans, Marines, and sailors."

"Permission to leave the bridge, Captain?" He must get away from these people. He knew them once. Long ago. Thirty years?

"No John, you will stay here with us. You are not alone. We are with you." Captain Lasky stepped in front of him. "We are the kids who watched the vids of you recovering that Pelican on the
Pillar of Autumn.
We went to flight school because of you."

The Spartan noticed a pair of shoes and looked up from the deck. An officer with a boyish face is smiling at him. The medical insignia on his shoulder identified him as a doctor.

"Commander Sullivan, sir. Chief Medical Officer of the
Infinity
. Thank you for saving us that night. I watched you save lives. Saw you carry people away from a crash when you could have saved yourself. I followed your career. Your actions inspired me to go into medicine."

It's good to see you again, Master Chief." Major April Orenski folded her firm capable fingers around his hand. "We grieved with you when you lost your Spartan brothers and sisters. You saved my life, and your courage inspired me to become a Marine. Thank you for teaching me the way of a warrior."

Commander Palmer linked her arm through his. "Those Marines who met your ship. That wasn't planned, John. They intended to demonstrate their respect for you. You've done so much and lost so much. They wanted to acknowledge you and honor your sacrifices."

"A skipper is only as good as his crew, Master Chief. I need you here. We need you here. Teach us and share your experiences. We're all here, Commander Palmer, Major Orenski, Commander Sullivan and me. Come back to the stars with us."

All he can do is nod at this display of affection and respect. When they finally released him, another sailor showed him to his quarters. All around him, Spartan IVs laugh and moved quickly through the corridors. How different they seem from the Spartans he grew up with. Everything changed in the last four and half years, and he's alone in this strange new world.

The silence is killing him, robbing him of his will to keep breathing. Those kids... those officers on the bridge... the ones he Kelly, and Fred saved that night grew into successful and fearless adults. They thanked him. They claimed he inspired them. He is nothing.

The door to his new quarters opened, and he stepped inside. The air is stale with disuse. Yet, there's a familiar scent floating in the dust motes. The narrow bed is made up with fresh sheets. There's a coffee machine, a small closet, a pile of new uniforms sits on a desk chair and an empty bookcase. Sharp eyes scanned the room and stop when he noticed a woman standing in the corner. With her dark hair curling over her shoulders, her pale skin darkening with a blush and blue-green eyes crinkled at the corners a woman watched him.

The door slid shut behind him.

She's in his arms before he can say her name. After he caught her, wrapping his arms around her strong frame, he noticed the heavy pulse of her heart pounding against his chest. His own heart matched the staccato beat as she breathed against his neck. With a grin, she grabbed his face with her hands.

"It's good to see you." Suddenly shy, she touched his lips with a gentle touch.

He remembered everything. The silk of her hair against his skin, the taste of her mouth and the perfect way she fit against him. Emotions ripped through him, relief, great sadness and grief battle in his mind. Kelly held him close, crushing him with her Spartan strength and willing him to live.

"Kelly."

"I'm here, John.

He rubbed his thumb over her lower lip and whispered her name again. Touching her, hearing her voice, the sad memories recede, and in its place stood the brilliant courage of the men and women of the UNSC. The men and women who followed him into battle, the Marines who never hesitated to press forward and fulfill their mission. The unknown sailors who made sure his coffee cup stayed filled. The mess stewards who snuck extra food on his plate.

"Saved the best-looking steak for you, Chief. Here you go."

"Master Chief, wanna sit in and play my hand? Got duty."

"Thought I'd try shooting my way out—mix things up a little."

"Chief, join us for a beer, after?"

"Master Chief, don't let her go. Don't ever let her go."

"Thanks, Master Chief! You sure got our nuts out of the fire back there. We owe you a beer. Lot's of beer."

"…I think we're just getting started."

"Thanks for the tank,
he
never gets me anything."

"They let me pick…"

"Call me, Master Chief."

The Spartan named John, the leader of Blue Team, call sign Sierra 117, allowed himself to give into her effort at comforting him and decided to live.

~o0o~ The End ~o0o~

>