

Disclaimer: I own nothing related to Diabolik Lovers.

Sweet Sacrifice

Chapter 1



Vampires.





Classified Group: Legendary Creature.





Country of Origin: Transylvania, England





Vampires are mythological revenants, who subsist by feeding on the blood of the living.





Therefore they don't exist… they don't exist.





They don't exist…



It was around late October, soft roars of thunder filling the air, and the weather was particularly gloomy for that time of year. The leaves had long since fallen off, the wind cool, the ground far too wet for everyone's liking.

"Are you sure this is the right place?"

Two sets of eyes glanced down at the poorly scribbled out address, squinting due to the lack of proper lighting and the smudging of ink.

"I think so." Replied the youngest of the pair, lifting a frail hand to use the large door knocker.

The two travelers, now soaked to the bone from the rain that had been plaguing the city for weeks now, waiting for an answer that never came. Instead, the heavy door creaked open on its own accord.

"Come on," Said the younger one, adjusting her pack on her back.

The older of the two girls shook her head, brows knitting together. "Creepy old house with an unlocked door? This is a sign that something horrible is going to happen if we go in there. Nah. I'll pass." She said.

The girl was a foreigner, their on vacation (or so she called it) to visit her childhood friend. But since the girl's father was shipped overseas without an early moment's notice, he suggested that the two of them stayed with his distant relatives, the Sakamaki family. A bunch of people Yui Komori, the man's daughter, had never heard of before.

"Or the cold is finally getting to you, my testy bestie, and you watch way too many movies. They have you more paranoid than normal." Said Yui, pushing open the door as she led the way inside.

Everleigh Jackson, the obvious sane one of the two, briefly contemplated her options. Stay out in the cold rain or enter the eerily dark mansion that looked like something clear out of the horror movie she'd just watched the night before? The latter of the two didn't seem like the wisest of choices, she dreaded being like the victims in her movies, but the warmth of the mansion was tempting.

"I have a really bad idea about all this," She grumbled, reluctantly following her friend.

"Oh?" The other girl teased. "Where were all of your bad feelings when that guy tried to ask you out? You know the one you caught sweet talking some other girl that you kicked so hard in the face he lost a few teeth?" Yui gave a quiet chuckle as she looked around.

Everleigh simply rolled her eyes, gently closing the door behind them.

"Hello? Is anyone home?" Yui called, sitting her things in the entrance way.

"Yui… I really think this is the wrong place. We shouldn't be here." Everleigh said cautiously, feeling the once warm air drop in temperature.

"Ever," Sighed the blonde. "Call your aunt then. Didn't you say she had a vacation home in Tokyo? If you're that uncomfortable, we'll just go there. I'm sure my dad won't mind."

Everleigh rejoiced, quickly digging through her hipster and cursing carrying so many useless things around with her. The quicker they got the hell out of there, the better.

Yui stepped out of the entrance way, leaving her friend to make the necessary phone calls, when she stumbled across a figure lying on a small sofa in a side parlor room.

"Excuse me," She called. The body didn't stir. "Excuse me?'

It was a sleeping boy, his face far too peaceful to be real. Yui gently reached out to touch him, quickly drawing her hand back at the deathly chill of his pale skin.

"Oh my god!" She gasped. "Ever! Call an ambulance! There's a guy in here that's-"

"Hey… what the hell are you doing all that yelling for?"

Yui yelped loudly as an icy grip took a firm hold on her wrist, the once sleeping boy now sitting up, fully awake. He stared at the blonde girl intently with emerald, cat like eyes behind rusty red hair.

"I thought you… but you're so cold… and you had no heart beat…" Yui stammered, trying to get her hand away from the strange boy. His stare sent shivers down her spine.

"Say… you smell delicious." The boy purred, pulling Yui down onto the small couch with him.

Before she could scream he topped her, pinning her hands into the plush of the sofa cushions, as he buried his nose into the crook of her neck. He inhaled deeply, his nostrils flaring at the wave of different scents that rushed off of snow pale skin. He gave the girl's quivering neck a slow lick, tasting her, before humming contentedly.

"You taste better than you smell." He hissed.

"Let go of me!" Cried Yui. "Ever!"

"You mean your friend?" Came another voice.

Yui turned her head in the direction of the new comer, his violet eyes piercing behind thin rimmed glasses, his hold on Everleigh's arm tight enough for her to see the obvious discomfort on her friend's face.

"She's not going anywhere, and neither are you."

>