


Jon I


Must a new name be forged? The young man thought as he looked into the water. His face was sullen and marked by early sorrows, yet in the corner of his mouth there was a slight twinge of happiness he himself never before perceived. Nine-ten years in darkness and now here he stood alive and not a bastard anymore, although his family name rang weird in his ear.

His hair wasn't even silver damn it, he sighed while throwing a rock at his own reflected vision. Nine-ten years of not knowing… He was not that boy anymore. Neither was he that bastard anymore. Jon Snow knew nothing and he was not Jon Snow. Nevertheless through his veins wolf's blood flowed as strongly as the winter winds flowed through Westeros fields.

He looked as a Stark no doubt about it, but could he ever call himself that. – Mother… he whispered as if the name could call Lyanna back or enlighten the right way. Blue flowers fell upon the lake as Jon yearned for some mother comfort he would never know. Must he be called Stark, while he was not Ned's son anymore. He could not think of his father as his uncle. Nine-ten years of not knowing he sighed.

Must he be called a Targaryen and claim his own name with fire and blood, like his alleged brother Aegon in Dragon Stone. The slimy rocks at the lake sent a sharp pain through Jon's knees, raising himself slowly from the grass stones Jon yearned for Masters Aemon council. He had already killed the boy to become a commander, yet now everything had changed.

Night gathered and his watch had ended with Jon's death by his own brother's daggers. Betrayal had seen to make him free of those vows. More than this, he was no longer a bastard either. He smiled at the notion of a clean start and called out to Howland Reed. - Sir, Jon Snow knew nothing, but I am not John Snow anymore. And I am not a boy either betrayal was seen to that.

The stern enunciation of each word made a silent threat of blood to come, if what had been spoken proved to be a lie. Though the wolf blood ran strong in him, from this point on he decided to be a Targaryen, not only that but Raegar Targaryen second son. And though no longer a brother of the night watch, Jon as a honorable man could not turn back in the defense of the realm and its people.

He knew that his savior was well aware of the turning of the tables, such that her eyes watched him like he was fire itself. However, there was power in Melisandre and taking measure of the red priestess he said –. If what Lord Reed says is true, then I must seek a Dragon to help defend the wall.

>