

Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight

THIRD POV

As the shifters of the family along with the members who'd never seen the Volturi's castle gaped a tall man came out with a smile as he approached Carlisle. The two talked for a minute or two before Carlisle clapped his hands to get everyone's attention.

"Alright everybody we're going to go into the castle now. Before anybody tries to go off to explore we are going to be led to our bedrooms. We will all be waiting in our bedrooms until we are summoned to the thrown room. Please do not cause trouble kids" he instructed making sure to meet the eyes of their biggest trouble makers.

"Yes Carlisle!" "Yes Dad!" everyone agreed before moving along.

The man who had been talking to Carlisle stepped forwards for a moment and sweeps his eyes over the group. There were a lot of them.

"Hi everybody my name is Demetri! I'll be leading you all to your rooms. If you have any questions please feel free to ask" he said before turning and leading them through the large doors into the castle.

"This is so cool" Bella said as she started to drift behind everybody else, taking her time to really examine everything.

"Bella don't fall too behind" Rosalie warned. She didn't know if the entire coven was informed that they were coming or if it would be a need to know sort of thing. Either way there would be people that were unhappy about this and might try to use a straggler as a warning.

Bella looked to her mate and gave an answering grunt before speeding up her pace just a little bit. As they turned this last corner in the front the group was halted.

"Because of your large number it has been decided that you would be given a wing. Usually your rooms would be picked out for you but we felt it better that your pick your own rooms. We weren't exactly sure on how your non-vampire members would feel about us making the decision."Demetri told them.

"Awesome. I call the biggest room!" Emmett shouted but was quickly shushed.

"You will have an hour to unpack before I return. Then we will be introducing all of you to the rest of the Coven." Demetri continued.

"Thank you Demetri. We'll be ready by then." Carlisle said with a bow. Demetri returned the gesture before turning and strolling away.

They each strolled through the hall looking for their rooms. Though Emmett was adamant about he and Amara having the largest room it was decided that it would go to Leah, Tanya, Kate, and Irina considering that there were four of them. There was really no reason for complaint though because all of the rooms were huge. After unpacking and setting up the rest of their room Bella and Rosalie were called into the hall. There they found Demetri waiting for them.

"Wow it's already been an hour?" Bella said in shock.

"Indeed. Please follow me. I'll lead you all to the thrown room" Demetri stated before turning and strolling away. they all kept an even pace behind the man.

"I see you've made some renovations since I was last here" Carlisle said as he looked around.

"Yes. Master Aro does enjoy to keep up with the changing times. It makes us stick out less" Demetri explained.

Walking further through the halls the large group was finally stopped outside of two large doors.

"I suggest that you do not speak until after introductions are given" Demetri suggested before pushing the doors open and leading them in. The room was quite a bit larger than Bella had assumed but none the less grand.

"Ah Cullens, Denalis, and our shifter guests. How lovely to see you all. I'm sure that you remember us. I am Aro, and these are my brothers Marcus, and Cauis." Aro stated as he spread his arms out.

"Yes, hello Aro, Caius, Marcus-

Carlisle was quickly cut off with a raised hand by Aro.

"No offense Carlisle but we'd much rather hear from the other royalty of the room." Aro explained as his eyes sat heavily on Bella. Rosalie stiffened at the attention her mate received but before she could step in front of her Bella had stepped forwards so that she could stand before the group.

Bella bowed respectfully to the three kings standing up straight and keeping her gaze firm.

"Of course. It is quite a delight to finally make you acquaintance Kings Aro, Cauis, and Marcus. I've heard many a great thing about your rule of vampire kind and humbly thank you for our invitation here." Bella said.

It was quiet for a moment before the room was filled with Aro's eerily happy giggling.

"That was great. Fantastic even. I know that you claimed to being the queen but well I had no idea that you underwent lessons" Aro explained with a grin.

"They were exhausting and annoying." Bella sighed. "They started at the end of the 15th century."

"So then now that we are all introduced I feel that it's time we start with a less trivial problem. Your son Edward, Carlisle" Marcus stated from his seat giving his attention to their old friend.

"Of course" Carlisle said.

"It would seem that Edward is about to break a great deal of our laws on top of the ones that he has already broken" Caius added.

"From what we understand he tried to steal another vampires mate. He is also putting our secret into jeopardy" Aro concluded. "We of course must find a way to stop him. We will either have to kill him or detain him Carlisle."

"I am against killing him of course but I will do what needs to be done" Carlisle acquiesced.

"Well everyone lets get to it. We are all going to discuss the matter. Ideas?" Aro snapped at the room filled with people.

"Well the main question is how do we find him?"

"We know his powers but the other two are a mystery. Who are they? What's their goal in all of this?"

"What's their plan in general? How far are they willing to take it?"

"How to capture him without too much hassle?"

"How far do we allow this to go before we just have to cut our loses and put him out of his misery?"

The talked about this for a while before the meeting was called to a halt. It was decided that they would all sleep on it/think about everything for the night and bring their ideas tomorrow along with more questions and things to consider.

>