

Of Ninjas and Wrestlers

Chapter 1: Kraang's Mistake

A/N: This plot bunny has been in my head for a little while, and now I've finally decided to write it out. It's a crossover between TMNT and WWE. I know it should probably be in the crossover section, but who honestly looks at the crossovers anyway? Not many people think to look at them, so I'm keeping it in the Ninja Turtles section so it's easier for people to find. Yeah, I'm a rebel. So what? Anyway, I hope you enjoy this little bunny of mine. My goal is to try and have it done by Wrestlemania, but we'll see how things go as I have other stories I'm going to be working on, too. But that's my tentative goal. And this takes place in the Nickelodeon TMNT universe just so you guys know.

Disclaimer: I don't own anything you see within this story. TMNT and all related characters are owned by Nickelodeon Studios. WWE and all related characters belong to Vince McMahon. I think they'd all be glad I don't own them if they were to read this story.

Summary: When the Turtles switch bodies with WWE Superstars, they're confused as to what's going on. Can they switch back in time for Wrestlemania 30?

In a secret headquarters in New York, some men in black suits were examining a gun. This gun should have been pretty ordinary, but these men were going to do horrible things with it. Then again, these men weren't ordinary men but were aliens form Dimension X known as The Kraang. Their mission was to terraform the earth, and since that plan hadn't worked well the last time they'd tried it, they decided to try some other way of getting the humans to listen to them.

"Kraang, is the thing known as the Mutagen Ray Gun ready for what the humans call the launch?" asked one of the beings.

"Yes, Kraang," another one said. "The thing that is known as the Mutagen Ray Gun is ready for what is known as the launch. The ones who are known as humans will be the thing that is known as confused. It is a good plan that Kraang has in store for them."

"Then let the launching of the thing known as the Mutagen Ray commence," said the toher Kraang. "First we must locate a thing known as a target."

The second Kraang scanned the city through the viewing window on the gun and spotted Madison Square Garden, one of the biggest arenas in the whole country. "We will start with the place that is known as Madison Square Garden," he said.

"Kraang is pleased with this plan," the first Kraang said. "Let us proceed." But just as they were about to push the button, another Kraang came in carrying a load of boxes. The Kraang tripped, and the boxes flew out of his hands, one of them hitting the gun. It made a humming noise and not one but two pink rays burst out of it, one hitting Madison Square Garden, and the other going underground through an opened manhole cover.

"You that is known as an idiot, Kraang!" the first Kraang shouted. "You have just interfered in the plan of Kraang."

"Kraang is sorry," the third Kraang said. "Kraang was just trying to get a thing known as a shipment of the items known as mutagen through."

"Kraang, the ray which is supposed to be the Mutagen Ray is not the Mutagen Ray," the second Kraang said. "The light from the Mutagen Ray is not the color known as green but is the color known as pink."

"That is odd," the first Kraang said. "Kraang was sure that this is the ray known as the Mutagen Ray but it appears that it is instead the ray known as the Body Transporter ray. This is very bad for Kraang."

And little did they know how true those words were.

22222

Meanwhile, in the venue known as Madison Square Garden, the WWE Superstars were putting on a fine show, and the fans were loving it. The main event pitted John Cena and Daniel Bryan against the team of Randy Orton and Damien Sandow. Cena was facing off against Orton now, and as they locked up, a rumbling could be felt from beneath the ring. Both wrestlers paused, unsure if there was an earthquake that was occurring. But as John scanned the crowd, no one was panicking or seemed to be upset. After the rumbling ceased, Orton slapped Cena in the face, prompting the leader of the Cenation to respond in kind. The two traded blows for a short time before Cena knocked Randy down with a clothesline. He tagged Daniel Bryan in, and Daniel continued to unleash punishment on Orton before the Viper managed to retaliate with a thumb to the eye and a punch to Daniel's gut. He then followed that up with a swinging neckbreaker and got down on the mat, beating his fists and getting that crazy look in his eyes which signaled that he was looking to put him in the RKO. Just as Daniel was getting to his feet, Orton struck, hitting him with the RKO and pinning him for the win. The heels celebrated their victory, leaving Cena to tend to a dazed Bryan before leading him to the back.

"Hey, Daniel, something strange happened when I was in the ring with Randy," John told him. "The ground started to rumble, and I thought we were having an earthquake."

"I felt that, too!" Daniel cried. "But it looks like the fans didn't feel a thing."

"That's totally weird," John mused. "Do you think we should tell anyone else?"

"Nah, they probably wouldn't believe us, and you know Damien and Randy don't want to talk to us," Daniel replied. "I guess we'll just have to keep this to ourselves."

"Yeah, I guess so," John said. "I'll see you later. You gonna be okay?"

"I'm fine," Daniel reassured him. "See you later."

John went back to his locker room, confused as to what had just happened. How could it be that only he and Daniel (and possibly Randy and Damien) had felt the rumbling but no one else could? Something fishy was going on, but John didn't have time to ponder on it as he was scheduled to go out to dinner with his girlfriend Nikki. So he got ready and decided to put the incident out of his mind. It was just his imagination.

Little did John know just what that earthquake would have in store for him and the other Superstars in that match.

22222

And while this was going on, in the bowels of the New York City sewer system, the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and their father, Master Splinter, were watching another exciting episode of WWE Monday Night RAW. Well, all except for Donatello who hated wrestling and was just typing away on his laptop, chatting to April.

"Come on, Cena!" Leo cheered. "You can do it! Show Randy Orton who's boss!"

"Come on, Orton, kick Cena's ass!" Raph yelled.

It was at this moment that a rumbling occurred beneath the Turtles' feet, startling them. What was going on?

"I think we're having an earthquake!" Mikey yelled. "Duck and cover!"

"It's highly unlikely that an earthquake could hit New York," Don told them. "It's probably just some workers from above doing construction or the subway system."

The rumbling stopped soon after, and the Turtles were left wondering what had happened.

"Wow, that was weird," Raph commented.

"Yeah, tell me about it," Leo said. "Is everyone okay?"

"We are fine, Leonardo, but I agree that something is not right," Splinter said. "Such an occurrence is most unusual."

"So what should we do?" Mikey asked.

"Continue watchin' the match," Raph replied. "Oh man, it looks like Randy's goin' to that special place of his which can only mean one thing: He's gonna kick Daniel's ass."

"No! No! No!" Mikey yelled. "Don't turn around, Daniel! Counter the move! Counter the move! Aww, you didn't counter the move!"

"Yes, Orton wins again!" Raph cheered after Randy had pinned Daniel.

"That wasn't fair!" Leo pouted. "Cena never got a chance to tag in."

"Meh, what are you gonna do?" Raph said with a shrug.

"I still can't believe how you guys get suckered into this stuff," Don moaned.

"Oh, shut up and talk to your girlfriend," Raph taunted.

"She's not my girlfriend!" Don protested. "Besides, she already signed off for the night."

"My sons, it is time for bed," Splinter said. "You have practice in the morning."

"Hai, Sensei," the Turtles chorused. They bowed to him and headed to their separate rooms. They were all confused as to what that mini earthquake was about and why it had happened to them. Had it happened to anyone else, or was it just in a concentrated area? Deciding to worry about it tomorrow, the four brothers and their father settled down to sleep, unaware of the events that would change them all forever, literally.

A/N: And I think that's a good place to end this first chapter. For non-wrestling fans, the heels are the bad guys while the babyfaces or faces are the good guys. So if I refer to any of the four wrestlers by these titles, you'll know what I'm talking about. Also, I know Daniel Bryan's real name is Bryan Danielson, but I'm going to have the wrestlers act as their characters on TV as it's much easier to do it that way since they'll be crossing over with another fictional world. I really hope the match was written well as I've been rusty with writing them. Feel free to leave a review, and have a shelltastic day.

>