


Hey guys, it's PowerHour776 here, bringing you my first Fan fiction. I hope to do my best, but, as I said, it is my first, so don't flame me. This will be an Attack On Titan erotic fan fiction, as suggested by the title and the age rating. I plan to make sure that this has a story, a plot, and is not just worded porn. That's how I like to read, so that's how I'm going to write. Anyway, I haven't decided on the whole story or anything, or all the nitty bitty details, so write me a review, and tell me what you'd like to see. This may contain Spoilers, and I'm not going to put up a warning, for immersions sake. There may not be any lemon moments in the first chapter, but stayed tuned, as I will definitely be writing them.



P.S. I have watched the anime and the manga up to Chapter 52, if that means anything. Let's begin!


Eren walked down the road between some of the barracks, hearing the sounds of beer being sloshed and jokes being told. He never really was able to fit in with most of the recruits, firstly because of his attitude scared most people apart from his closest friends who felt the same, and also from the fact he was a Titan Shifter. The only over ones the Survey Corps knew about were on the
other
side, who let the Titans in the first place. He wanted to shout out to his comrades when he first discovered his powers, but realised quickly that anything he did would make it worse. Then, as the military began to use his powers, he felt like a tool, an instrument more than a human. The hatred grew inside him every day, getting stronger and stronger.

As he neared the end of the path, he saw Mikasa. He often felt talking to her, because in Titan fighting ability's, she was way out of his league, even though they grew up together.
"Hey!" Mikasa shouted towards him. She started to jog towards him. Eren sped up his pace, but as he did, he bumped into Mikasa. On her breasts.
"Ah- erm..." Eren let out awkwardly. Mikasa started to blush, this wasn't the first time this had happened to her. She had had a growth spurt recently, a womanly one. She wasn't used to having her space be larger than usual, as she used to be more flat-chested than most of the girls.

She looked side to side, wondering if they could both get out of this situation able to face each other again. She wasn't able to look Jean in the eye for a week after this had happened with him. Eren started to walk away, but then-
"Wait, Eren... I d-don't really mind it..." she blurted as she looked at the ground, her normal hard exterior replaced by embarrassment. But what she said was true, she didn't really mind, especially with her Eren. What she said made Eren blush even more, and then he said something undistinguishable under his breath. He wasn't expecting that from Mikasa, his Guardian Angel of Death.

Just then, he heard Armin calling to him from some distance, saying something about doing some training together. He said a quick bye to Mikasa, and mentally swiped the sweat from his forehead. He then ran off towards the hill were Armin was standing, he wanted to go over some 3D Manoeuvre Gear techniques Eren had thought up. It was all pretty basic, and Armin could do them all perfectly well, as he'd shown them to him a couple of days before, so wondered what Armin really wanted. As they were speeding through the trees, at 100 mph, Armin would occasionally try and start a sentence, but then his voice would drop off, though Eren didn't know what was up with him, as Armin would normally just speak his mind. It was that that had got him into all the trouble with bullies when they were kids. He thought fondly of those days, when it didn't matter Mikasa was a girl, and they'd both try to protect Armin.

When they'd both got back to the hill where they had started the training, they were both sweating from all the physical exertion of the 3DMG. The sun was going down, and as they both started to sit down, their muscles screaming in pain, Armin began to open his mouth.
Ah, he's actually going to tell me what's up. I hope it's nothing serious, like he was originally part of the Titan Shifter squad that penetrated Mankind's defences 6 years ago, alongside Reyner and Bertholdt.
But what he said was something that scared Eren much, much more, something he never thought he would hear from Armin's mouth in his whole life. He was reminded of what happened when Reyner first told me that he was the Armoured Titan. He thought about what Armin had just said to him.

Armin looked at Eren's face, covered with a mask of horror, as he repeated his question.
"Did you not hear me Eren? I-I said I wanted to know how to get the g-girls to want me... as a-a lover, Eren. You're the only one I can ask, so I hope you can help me..."

Eren quickly picked up his 3DMG, and flew back to the barracks, his face gone pale.

He didn't know what was happening to him, his wasn't sure if his face should be white from awkwardness, or crimson red from embarrassment. He tried to talk to Connie, and his gang of friends, but felt like a bit of an outcast, a third wheel without Reyner or Mikasa to talk too. He hated the fact that he and Mikasa were supposed to be family. Ever since he was 11, he was always a bit attracted to her, but ever since they joined the Survey Corps, and saw he grace and power with the 3DMG, he fell in love with her. But then, all the people that he knew fell out of his life. First Marco, Jean's friend. Then Annie, sleeping in that
Goddamn
case of hardened Titan skin. And ever so recently, Reyner and Bertholdt, and all the people that died because of trying to get him back for the Military. It made him feel a concoction of emotions, a mixture of anger, guilt and sadness. As the officers came in and shouted at them to go to their barracks, he picked up his feet and walked alone, seeing if he could find his friends amidst the crowd walking to their rooms. He slept on the opposite side of the room to Mikasa, could almost feel the warmth of the luscious body, and it wouldn't be odd if he heard the sound of her snoring, and smile gently, which made the boys in his room laugh a little. He had never told anyone about his feelings towards her, and now, he had to deal with the weight of Armin's feeling as well.

Life was going great.


There we go people, my first ever chapter, of my first ever Fan Fiction. I do ask you to give me a review, as it will tell me what I need to do better next time, and as long as it doesn't make me want to commit suicide, I'll be fine :) So yeah, the next chapter will be as soon up as I can get it, maybe a day, maybe two. Thanks for reading.



PowerHour776


>