


Hiding in Plain Sight


Chapter 1- 8 Years and counting

She looked at her reflection in the mirror, she missed how she looked, her long, straight black hair that she got from her father and her piercing green eyes she inherited from her mother. She looked down at the enchanted snake necklace that was around her neck, she went to touch it but stopped herself.

Every time she changed from her alter ego back to her normal self, they got a bit closer to finding her thanks to the necklace. The only person who could take it off without having their fingers burnt was her father and her betrothed. The necklace would burn anyone's fingers if they tried to remove the it including hers.

She knew that this place would always be her safe haven, her father rarely came home and when he did, he never came near her room. She had disappeared 8 years ago and she did feel guilty for running away but her mother had just died and her father was already arranging her marriage into a family she was terrified of.

But she had no idea that this term everything she knew and loved was about to change, her secret was about to be found out and her whole life was going to be ruined.

She was brought out of her thoughts when she heard a pop, meaning that the house elf Rosa was now in her room. "Miss Arabella, will be late, don't want to be late" she bent down and hugged Rosa "thank you Rosa, I'll be back soon. I promise"

She was about to use the floo when she heard talking coming from the office below her, her father must of come home to hold a death eater meeting. She stayed quiet and told Rosa not to mention, she was here like always. She listened carefully to the voices.

"I've spoken to the ministry and they will continue the search for Arabella, she'll be found before Draco's Eighteenth birthday that I can guarantee" the older gentleman with platinum hair looked at him. "How can you be so sure Serverus she hasn't been found so far, it's been eight years" Arabella would recognise that voice anywhere, the cold voice of Lucius Malfoy.

Serverus looked up at Lucius "because Lucius, the snake necklace that is around her neck, is enchanted with the same dark magic that young Draco now has on his arm, when he is close to her his dark mark will slightly hurt, whether she is hiding herself or not, he will know she is near"

Lucius smirked "ahh very clever Serverus, once she is found before Draco's eighteen birthday then what?" Serverus smiled "she will be placed into the Slytherin house and I'm sure that Draco will keep a close eye on her until his birthday" the older gentlemen turned to the teenager. Draco smirked "Of course I will, I don't want someone else touching what is mine"

Lucius nodded proudly as his son "then when he turns eighteen, the arrangement will come true, she will be engaged to Draco" Serverus nodded "yes, but when she is found, we must tell the old fool of the arrangement so that arrangements can be made for them, however during their week away from the castle, I will do my own investigation and try and figure out which student Arabella is pretending to be"

Lucius nodded and stop up "come along Draco, you don't want to be late for your first day back" The 2 Malfoy's left the office, Arabella hid in her bedroom, she hated the Malfoy's, she was terrified of them unlike her alter ego.

Hermione looked out of the window as the train pulled away from the station, the 2 men beside her were talking about their summers; Hermione was pulled out of her trance when she saw Harry snapping his fingers in front of her face. "Mione" she turned to them "yeah?"

Ron laughed "you were miles away, anyway how was your summer? We hardly saw you at the burrow" Hermione sat up "yeah sorry about that, my parents went away and I had the whole house to myself, it was quite relaxing actually* Hermione looked around "where is Ginny?" "With Luna" Ron replied.

Hermione stood up "I think the girl chat is way overdue" Hermione went to find Luna and Ginny. While trying to find her girlfriends, she overheard Draco talking to his cronies and Pansy. "Look first thing first, we must find her; I will not let my future wife walk around Hogwarts with another man. She is mine"

Draco hissed when he felt his arm begin to sting, which meant, Arabella was near. He stood up and opened the door and saw no one, "she was close, and I know it" Blaise went to stretch is long legs.

He walked pass Hermione, Luna and Ginny. They didn't hear or see him, "Mione what happened to your hand?" Hermione looked at the faint burn mark across her fingers "cooking, I forgot a pan was hot and burnt my fingers, but I'm fine" Blaise looked over her shoulder and saw the faint burn makes that lied across her delicate fingers.

He went back to the Slytherin carriage and sat back down opposite Draco, he just sat there and smirked "what you smirking at Zabini?" Blaise looked at Draco "oh nothing just that a certain muggle-born has a faint scar across her fingers, that could be from touching an enchanted necklace"

Draco just stared at him in disbelief; Pansy smiled "that is incredibly brilliant"

Will Pansy Explain Her Comment To The Men?

Will Arabella Be Found?

Leave Reviews

Gracie

>