


Hiding In Plain Sight


Chapter 14- Arabella &amp; Draco Forever: Last Chapter

Draco placed his arm around her waist tightly "Well that's 2 who is the last person" Arabella played with the bottom of his tie "third is erm, Blaise" Draco turned towards Blaise, Blaise held up his hands "let us explain Draco, it's not what you think" Arabella placed her hand upon Draco's chest "Draco, babe let me explain please" Draco looked down at her.

Arabella could feel his heart was racing "We were studying in the common room and we fell asleep on top of each other on the sofa, so it wasn't technically in my bed and we didn't do anything Draco. You know I am not that type of girl" Draco looked at Blaise "I don't see Arabella in that way Draco. I know she is your girl, I wouldn't try and take her away from you"

Draco nodded "I know Blaise and I'm sorry I would never think you would do that. I don't want anyone to take Arabella away from me, she's my lady" he kept his arm around her waist and kissed the top of her head.

The adults were sitting in another part of the lounge but could still hear what the 'children' were saying. The adult's conversation stopped and everyone stopped breathing and their hearts stopped beating when Draco asked Arabella if she was still innocent.

Arabella turned and looked at him "are you serious?" Draco sat up "yes very serious" Arabella shook her head "I actually can't believe you right now, how about you tell me about everyone you've slept with Draco?" Draco looked at her "just answer the question Arabella, please"

Arabella nodded "yes Draco, I am still 'innocent'. Happy now? All of you" she turned her attention to the adults who had gone silent. Arabella sat back down on the sofa but this time away from Draco. Draco didn't like that and pulled her on to his lap and held her, he kissed her cheek over and over again.

They carried on talking and so did the adults, Narcissa kept looking up at the grandfather clock, Lucius looked at her "Why do you keep looking at the clock darling?" Narcissa smiled at him "it's almost midnight, my baby is almost a man" Draco heard her and rolled his eyes "Mother please" Arabella smiled "Awe Draco your mother is afraid of losing her baby boy, you should be happy that she cares. Some mothers don't care about their children"

Severus looked over at her "I hope you aren't implying something Arabella" Arabella's eyes almost popped out of her sockets "excuse me, I know my mother cared. I know she will always care no matter what and I know that you care and that you will always care about what I do" Severus nodded "good response"

Narcissa laid her head on Lucius's shoulder "I'm gonna lose my baby, he's gonna be a man and become a husband soon" Lucius put his arm around her shoulders, Arabella looked over at the adults "You can keep him if you want Narcissa, I don't mind"

Draco sat up and held her "I do mind, I have to become a man and a husband at some point in my life and besides mother I will always be your son no matter what my age is" Narcissa smiled wiped her tears away "thank you Dragon" Arabella loved it when she saw the Malfoy's actually let their guards down and show their emotions to each other. She hoped that one day that she could be like that with Draco.

They all looked towards the clock and saw it read 11:55pm, Arabella looked at Draco, she was worried that he was going to change because she knew that some pureblood men changed when they became husbands; they start to control their wives and stop them from having friends, a social life and seeing their own family.

Arabella held Draco's hand "I need you to promise me something Draco" He turned to look at her and he already knew what was about to come, he placed his hand lovingly on her cheek "I am not going to control your life Arabella, I won't stop you from seeing your friends even if it is Potter I just hope you respect our life together and don't share information with him" Arabella nodded, Draco carried on "I'm not going to stop you from seeing your father, family is important to us both and I'm not going to come in between you. So don't worry I'm not going to become like those monsters, I promise"

Arabella smiled and nodded. That's when the grandfather clock struck midnight and it started to chime. Narcissa was now fully crying on Lucius's shoulder and arms. Draco was smirking that he was now recognized as a man in the wizardry world but not only that, Arabella was now legally his fiancée.

Arabella leant over Draco and gently kissed him "Happy birthday" Draco smiled and was about to return the kiss but they got interrupted by Bellatrix skipping into the lounge stating that their master wanted to talk to Draco and Arabella.

They sat down in the drawing room, looking across at Lord Voldemort. Arabella had no idea why he wanted to talk to them. Draco looked at him "I've already promised Arabella that I would never take her away from her father and I give you my word my lord that I would never take Arabella away from her family and I would never cause her any harm. My parents raised me never to lay a hand on a woman and never to be unfaithful. My parents have been my example in life. My father has never caused any harm to myself or my mother and he has never taken another witch into the bed he shares with my mother."

Voldemort nodded and shook Draco's hand "I hope you keep your word Draco, if I find out that you've caused harm to my niece or stopped her from seeing Severus. I will cause you harm however if you ever become unfaithful to her, I will kill you" Draco nodded "I agree my lord" Voldemort turned to Arabella "The same applies to you Arabella; you don't take Draco away from his parents especially his mother. You never harm him in any way and you never become unfaithful. I know it sounds stupid but some witches do become controlling over their husbands"

Arabella shook her head "If Draco treats me with respect and protects me then I will respect him and do whatever I can to protect him. I see as Narcissa as a second mother so I won't keep him from his parents and I would never become unfaithful to Draco that is not my style"

Voldemort stood up and hugged her "Your mother would be so proud of you Arabella please always remember of that" Arabella nodded "I'm sorry about yelling at you earlier" Voldemort laughed "its fine my little niece, take care of her Draco. I will know if you don't, I wonder who is more scarier me or Severus"

The two of them left the drawing room; Draco slipped an engagement ring onto her finger "I promise to always protect you Arabella. No one will ever hurt you" Arabella nodded, they then shared a sweet and passionate kiss. Arabella bit her lip "I love you Draco" Draco smiled at her and replied "I love you too Arabella, I always have and I always will"

Don't Forget To Review

Should I Do A Sequel?

Gracie

>