



Eyes Of The Devil





Chapter 7



Have you ever changed in an instant? One minute you stand strong by yourself, you believe the things you believe are true and valid one moment and the next it all crashes down, you don't know what's real anymore and you don't know how to handle all that doubt so you surround yourself in a compliant haze, doing as you're told without question even if you're aware you shouldn't somewhere in the back of your mind but you're so muddled with doubt in your own perception of things that you cling to those commands and the people that order them because to let go of it is to let yourself drown. To let go of it is to face your own self doubt, deduce if it actually has a place in your life and work from there to put everything back together so you can stand firmly again.

But facing the possible destruction of everything that made you who you were is terrifying, to the point where you'd rather stay paralyzed.

When Norman had woken up in the Gleeful household after his oh-so-daring escape and sabbatical in the wilderness he knew that, that was what was happening. In fact it was the only thing he was even really sure about at the time. That the moment he moved to get out of bed, he wasn't going to try and leave again. He wasn't going to fight them. His head was too fuzzy for him to even start thinking about trying.

Did that mean in his time away he'd developed latent feelings of affection towards his captors? Had he suddenly come down with a case of Stockholm syndrome and now thought they were just a little misunderstood, they deserved his gratitude and loyalty for plucking him off the street and caring for him?

Fuck no.

He still thought they were more glorified in the eyes of the town than they deserved and he'd rather take a hammer to the nut-sack than let Dipper play out whatever obsessive fantasies he had of him. But he figured, why have whatever crisis he had out there, dehydrated, malnourished, cold and probably injured, when he could crash with the Gleefuls - sleep in their beds, eat their food - for a while and not deal with it? Sure they probably wouldn't always be the most... agreeable people, but Norman could handle them. Knew how to handle them. Literally everything else was a mystery right now. Seemed better to have one shitty, sure thing over nothing but unknown factors. Call him a coward, call him an masochistic idiot. He's not going to care.

He may have known it wasn't the wisest course of action, in fact it was probably the worst and it was going to have hellish consequences, but it was the route he was going to take.


-Eyes Of The Devil-


"I have to say, Bill. You're good at what you do." Dipper complemented from the floor as he was bent over on hands and knees, scribbling archaic symbols into the fringes of a large chalk circle with the ease and precision that showed obsessive study and practice. "No-one breaks a person quite like you can!"

Poor Bill Cypher was left to hover in the air next to Dipper and hate himself through the praise. Demons are bound by the knowledge humans had to to control them. He didn't have a choice. If Someone summons you and commands 'fool the guy tied up in my basement into thinking he escaped and make him question everything until he wants to stay with me' then you damn well do it! Forget free will, you are physically incapable of disobeying. So you slip into the poor bastard's mind, make him suffer until somewhere in the deep recesses of his subconscious you hear him scream 'UNCLE!' a few times before reporting

mission success

to your master and hope that's the end of it, but you know it never fucking will be because directly after you do as told
he gives his sister command over you and she asks you to-


God he couldn't even bare the thought of what he had to do for her, there was so much wrong with it.

"Oh you don't feel
bad
do you? It was for his own good, you know. You should be
celebrating
that you just
helped
someone, Bill. Cheer up!" Dipper laughed, brimming with cheer.


-Eyes Of The Devil-


Trying to contact a loved one from beyond the grave can prove to be quite the taxing affair for any ghost. Trying to contact a loved one by conveying feelings of unease through the atmosphere of a house while trapped in fancy silver mirror hell tends to be something else entirely.

Lovely to look at as they may be, a silver mirror will contain any and all traces a ghost tries to leave, making it basically impossible to have the slightest bit of a presence anywhere outside said mirror prison.

This wasn't just any ghost though, and it wasn't any mere loved one, no, this was Norma and Norman Babcock and contact will be made damn it! Norma would make sure of it if it ends up being the last thing she
ever
does as anything that exists!

If could only reach far enough and perhaps, just maybe, get a hold of the immense amount of energy that's always surrounded Norman she could do... something! Send him some feelings, or a vision, or the sudden urge tear through all the closets in the house that he doesn't really have an explanation for. Anything!

She just couldn't find a way to slip past the confines of the mirror! She just didn't have enough energy anymore, she's only getting weaker-

-because she'd been reaching nonstop since she was first trapped here. So she stopped, and opted to rest until she ha built up just enough energy to snag Norman's attention. She just hoped he'd be okay until then.


-Eyes Of The Devil-


"Are you kidding? You're fucking with me, I'm calling it right now." Norman said in disbelief, turning a thick leather journal over in his hands before flipping through the pages for the third time.

"Nope. Those are all different kinds of charms and wards you can use against ghosts." Dipper stated, matter-of-factly.

"But this book is huge! I've never heard of more than a few obscure rituals non-mediums use to try and talk to them, you've got shit in here to capture them, summon them, curse them - which seems a bit out overkill if you ask me - and this page right here is basically a wikihow article on creating an army of poltergeists! What the fuck?"

"Even I have to agree some of those seem unnecessary. I just made a bound collection of them, I didn't make the rituals myself, Norman."

"Why do you even have this in the first place?" Norman questioned, flipping the book to the front page before beginning to read in earnest.

"Mabel asked." Was the nonchalant answer accompanied by a shrug before Dipper went back to searching for more relevant books to pluck from the shelf and add to his 'research pile' that he refused to explain the reason for. Not that Norman asked. He was just there because his 'gracious host' had hollered at him to 'come check out this nifty book I forgot we had' and here he was. To be fair it was a damn nifty book.

"So you you go and do what was probably a metric fuck-ton of digging and write out a compendium on everything ghost-related because your sister thought it'd be a nice thing to have? And that's probably not the only drawn out and boring thing you've ever done just because she asked. Are you even capable of thinking for yourself?" Norman commented absently, turning a page.

"I went to get you, didn't I?" Dipper mumbled, mildly agitated.

"Right." Norman Stopped listening at that point, wholly focused on different symbols and descriptions of rituals.

Dipper sighed loudly "she's my sister, my
twin
sister and she's given me more support than any of my other useless family members have. Of course if she asks me to do something, I'd do it. Besides, I like doing the research." He defended.

"Uh-huh."

"Its a small price to pay, Norman. And well worth it, if we're eventually going to see this town and it's population burn. It's going to be spectacular."

"If that's the end goal here then why all this over the top planning? You don't need magic to burn a town, hell, here you can get it done with some gasoline and matches. This place is
tiny.
"

"Well we need a plan for after, don't we? And there are some people who deserve a more...
theatric
end."

"Sure. Why not?" Norman mumbled, still reading.

>