

29 Aficionado


-XMF-


PREVIOUSLY ON FERRIS: Two pilots nicknamed Peter "Star Lord" Quill and Chris "Corsair" Summers worked for XCOM, flying fighter jets (one each). When the bad guys made their big move, they tried to capture the pair. The last time we saw them, they were trying to escape. We now join Quill's life, already in progress.

-/-

David Bradford walked up to Peter Quill and punched him in the face.

-/-


SEVERAL HOURS AGO


The
Centro Financiero Confinanzas
loomed over Caracas.

It was half-built when Venezuala's economy collapsed like an empty can of Kestrel, and only the forty-five bare floors and walls and supports and struts were in place.

And, of course, the lost and desperate, the people without homes to their name.

Like Peter Quill.

There were rumors - there were always rumors - about renovations. Takeover. The place had been cleared out several times, but the squatters kept coming back. Some said the aliens - the Elders, Ethereals, whatever you wanted to call them - might turn it into some sort of automated drone tower.

From the outside, the "Tower of David" was like a woman with her clothes ripped off.

And her skin.

And her flesh.

Just a skeleton.

On the other hand, it had a great view of the local SHIELD outpost.

As Quill raised the binoculars, he hummed a little Robbie Williams.


I just wanna rock, DJ...


Someone was coming.


'Cause you're making me feel so nice...


Someone at the door. Doorframe.


I just wanna rock, DJ...


"Crab," Bradford said.

"Frog," Quill said. He lowered the binoculars and turned around. "Grey hairs?"

Bradford ran a hand over his temple. "Ah...stressful line of work."

Quill nodded. "I don't have that twenty quid, but I think I have two bottles in that cooler."

"Peter, you know I can't- I don't-"

"One is iced coffee."

Bradford smiled, just a little. "Thanks."

Bradford picked up two bottles and bought them over. Quill traded them for the binoculars.

The room they were in was supposed to have big, floor-to-ceiling windows. There was nothing there but empty space. They both stood back from the edge. Not because of the height - Quill was a
pilot
, and SEAL training included parachuting - but so the optics wouldn't flash.

The SHIELD outpost would
probably
think it was just some curious squatters, but better safe than sorry.

Bradford lowered the binoculars, stuck them under his arm, and uncapped his drink. "Any change?"

Peter leaned against the wall. "Nope. We don't know what they're doing in there. They have the whole place blacked out. Even the lorries. Pena scrounged one of those SHIELD backscatter X-ray scopes from somewhere, got a van on one side at a red light...no dice."

Quill reached for his left shoulder, and pulled out an object that looked like one of those handheld metal detectors with a ring at the end. He used the butt to open his Polar, then resheathed his outsized can opener and pocketed the cap.

Bradford stared at him.

"What?" Quill said. "Vanko doesn't like wasting space."

Bradford half-smiled. "That reminds me, I owe Summers a beer. Where is he?"

"He-" Quill stopped, inhaled. "I'm not sure."

"You're not sure?"

"He wanted to see his son. Scott goes to some private school in New York. I don't...I don't know what happened to him." His lips went flat for a second. "Can't say I blame him."

Bradford sighed. "Shame. To absent friends."

"Cheers."


When you gonna stop, DJ?



Clink
.

They stood there for a second. Not on-mission, just...looking at the skyline.


'Cause you're keeping me up all night...


"Nice view," Bradford said.

"Bloody nice view."

-/-

When the economy collapsed, many Venezuelan families decided to get out while the getting was good. No one knew how many of them escaped, how many empty houses were left behind.

Turned out that they made great staging areas.

The good guys went round to the few families remaining on the block, and introduced themselves as a renovation company. Seemed the owner of the Mantega house fell on hard times, and sold the place, and some real estate company wanted the place inspected and bought up to code. They apologized for any disturbance that might be caused, any loud noises, any vehicles moving in and out at strange times of night.

The residents nodded. Such was life.

Inside the house were some of the tattered remnants of SHIELD and XCOM - plus a few strays they met along the way. The latter were mostly made up of Pena's command - or what was left of it.

Bradford's team joined them for the Operation
Silent Ground
. Vision swore that it was random. No one believed him.

Hale stood in the living room and clapped her hands. "All right boys and girls, gather round. It's story time." She turned on her tablet, made sure it was streaming to the big TV. "This is our target."

It was an aerial view of the factory. From the exact location where Quill and Bradford had been standing, in fact. Almost as if someone planted a camera there, and it sent the feed through several proxies before reaching Hale.

"This used to be a factory. 'SHIELD'-" she made air-quotes "-is currently occupying it. We're not sure what they're working on, but the main action isn't here. It's here."

The factory switched to wireframe, and the glowing lines traced out a tunnel. A tunnel that stretched from beneath the factory to some distance away, a tunnel that terminated in a large room.

"This is listed on the plans as hazardous materials storage. Well, it was, before the place closed down. Intel indicates that HYDRA is using it for something, we just don't know what."

"So what are
we
going to do?" someone in the peanut gallery asked.

"We're going to attack the factory."

General confusion.

"I should explain. First off, the cops need to be somewhere else. That's where Vision comes in-"

-/-

Imagine, if you will, that you are a police officer in Caracas.

You are overworked and underpaid, as police officers often are. One day, a phone rings. You pick it up.

There is a bomb.

Or at least, that's what the calm voice on the other end is telling you. The exact location - somewhere important - the exact time until detonation. Something cold runs down your spine, and the person on the other end hangs up.

You stare at the handset for a second, before setting it down with a trembling hand. You take a deep breath, open your mouth-

Only for your colleague to beat you to it. They call for the Sergeant, tell him they just got a bomb threat for
another
location.

They happen to look at you, make eye contact. Their eyes widen.
You too?


You feel numb, but you nod anyway.

And then more phones start ringing. Desk phones. Cell phones. And you see everyone's faces, watch them go taut-

And your stomach turns to lead.

-/-

"-and that diversion should be credible enough to divert the cops, but not credible enough to close down the roads."

Quill raised a hand "'Should be'?"

Hale shrugged. "Nothing's certain in life. But the threats are going to be in a different section of the city. While that's going on, we take a poke at the front of the factory. This should draw soldiers away and make it easier for our scout to slip inside."

"Into the factory?" someone asked.

"No. Into the tunnel. We have an access point, through
this
old maintenance sub-tunnel. But it's not wide enough to send a full squad through in a hurry. Or for exfil in a hurry. If they get caught at site B, then they can get smashed in between whoever's there and the forces at the factory. especially if they can't make it to the sub-tunnel in time."

"So what exactly is the scout supposed to do?" someone else asked.

"Get in, look around, plant a bug, get out. She sends us the signal, and then we disengage."

"Okay. Who's the scout?"

Hale smiled.

-/-

She faced away from the mirror.

Shirt off. Pants off. Underwear off.

Shorts on. Top on. Undersuit complete.

It felt greasy when it slid across her skin. It was
supposed
to, but it was
still
like she was putting on a raincoat inside out.

She took a deep breath, and shimmied into her pants.

Gah. They were in South America, and she couldn't eat the food. Not until the mission was over, anyway. Great.

The overshirt came next. She ran her hand around her waist, let the fancy science force seal the grey material shut. Vanderwall or something.

Next her shoes. When she was little, she wanted a pair of those cool ninja boots. These were basically the same, except they were a lot tougher and had those
creepy
individual toes. She spent a minute or so making sure they were on properly, then sealed them too.

The fingerless gloves, and then the
piece de resistance
; a headband with squirrel ears on it.

Then, and only then, did she turn around and face herself in the mirror.

A teenage girl in a grey catsuit, as expected. She made a fist; it felt muted, turned down, more than you'd expect from the thickness of the suit.

She swiped her jacket off a chair, did some stretches, then looked herself in the eye. Ignored the dryness of her throat, her heart jackhammering in her chest. Quoted that immortal poet, Spongebob Squarepants.

"I'm
ready
."

Doreen nodded at herself, and left the room.

-/-

By the time Quill saw her, she had picked up a strange backpack, one made up of flat, dull grey panels instead of cloth. It buckled across her chest and waist, like a hiking pack, and she wore a tan webbing belt with pouches strapped to each hip.

Peter was cleaning his gun when he saw her saw her stop, and stretch, and make sure the backpack wasn't impeding motion.

The suit was tight.

And Doreen was rather...
lithe
.

Quill stared for a second, then he turned to Bradford. "David, when you said your lot had a six-stone kid tagging along, I reckoned she was a gopher, or a mascot. Like Sergeant Stubby."

Bradford closed his eyes.

"But that right there is a-"

"They would kill you."

"Who?"

"My team. They'd take turns."

"Bloody-I was taking the piss, David! She's
way
too young for me! I
remember
dating teenage girls, David, I'm not going through
that
again!"

"Good. If any boy - or man - tried to lay a finger on their
mei mei
, they'd break his legs. Maybe literally."

Quill cocked his head. "You let her She can put her life on the line, but you won't let her get laid?"

Bradford opened his mouth.

Bradford closed his mouth.

Someone gave Doreen a bucket. She took it, took some deep breaths, fiddled with something on her backpack, and threw up.

-/-

Someone wolf-whistled at her. Some were clapping sarcastically.

Doreen knew it was affectionate. She knew it was teasing. And that's why she
had
to yell "
shut up!
" even though she could feel it in her bones. Just like she could feel the acid in her stomach, the exact position of every inch of her body-

She threw up again. Well, dry-heaved. Good thing her stomach was empty. Venezuelan food was probably spicy, and her throat was going to be raw enough already-

Someone thrust a water bottle into view. Doreen took it, said "thank you", and turned to face Dr. Kavita Rao.

And the space alien.

Funny. Magnhild looked like any other 20-something woman. Just a little more tired.

She tilted her head. "Does not the suit dampen the sensory enhancement?"

"It does," Rao said. "But it only blocks
external
stimuli. Not, say, her sense of proprioception, or balance."

Doreen could taste the plastic in the water. The minerals.

"Proprioception?"

"Ah...I don't know if this works on Asgardians, but imagine suddenly being aware of your tongue, or your heart beating, or breathing."

"Imagining."

Doreen lowered the bottle. "Now imagine it's everything. In your whole body."

"I see. How did Doctor Pym create them?"

"He didn't," the Indian said. "He just sent us the plans." She fished a flashlight out of her pocket. "Doreen, I want you to focus on Magnhild."

"Indeed." The alien pulled out something that looked like a pen. "Keep your eye on this."

Rao turned on her light, and giant lasers stabbed into Doreen's skull. She grit her teeth. "Tracking."

Magnhild put two fingers to Doreen's temple. "Keep watching."

She followed the pen, even through the light, until Magnhild said "finished. She seems nominal." She tucked the space-pen away somewhere. "Squire, why don't you wait until the...'A.O.' to activate the device?"

"Because it's easier to...'squire'?"

"Yes, I assumed..." Magnhild looked a little awkward. "You
are
acting as a scout, yes?"

"...Kinda? But I'm not a soldier...or in training to become one."

"Interesting. Well, in any case, you're cleared for the field."

Rao said "I believe your ride is waiting."

-/-

Doreen left their little outpost by the back gate. She would be riding in their cover vehicle, a taxicab with darkened windows. On the way, she would have to pass a shed-

She knew he was there, of course. She smelt him, heard him, and then saw him.

"Doreen," he called.

Later, she would think about positioning. About how Bradford couldn't see them, but her ride could. So they'd think that what he did next was authorized. Official.

Doreen stopped, turned to face him. "Mr. Quill?"

He blinked at that, and half-smiled, then reached up. "A word in your ear."

-/-

Her driver was named Masumoto. "Please, call me Sam."

Doreen spent the ride though Caracas with her eyes closed. She had opened them for a second, and then promptly closed them again. Too much light, too much color.

"Green?"

"Yeah?"

"Why didn't you wait until you were in the tunnel to turn it on?"

"Because then I'd puke in the tunnel. Leave evidence."

"What about just outsi-no, HYDRA would be going over it with a...fine-toothed comb? Is that the expression?"

"Exactly."

"You could carry a barf bag."

"I
am
carrying a barf bag. But that's just one more thing to carry, and I might need both hands."

"Got it."

They drove on. Venezuela didn't have very many Japanese, but it
did
have lots of Chinese. And one of them might just drive a taxicab.

The pothole felt like falling into a valley and flying back out again.

Was this what LSD felt like?

Masumoto looked at her in the mirror. "Why the squirrel ears?"

"Oh, these." She touched her headband. "They'll see me, and think 'hey, is that a squirrel?' Can't be a girl. Must be mistaken."

Something must've slipped in her voice, because Sam said "Doreen, look at me."

Doreen looked at the mirror.

"It's okay to be scared."

"I know. I just...I wish it would stop, y'know?"

"I used to."

"What changed?"

"A friend of mine showed me...he showed me that being afraid meant I had something to lose."

-/-

"Central, this is Squirrel Girl, come in Central. I have made my infiltration and am proceeding to target. Over."

Bradford looked at Hale, and mouthed "
Squirrel Girl?
" The Canadian shrugged.

"Squirrel Girl, Central-Actual. Hold one."

Hale keyed the diversion team. "Voodoo, this is Shepard. Alpha, go."

Bradford looked at Hale. "Where did she even
learn
about radio discipline?"

"Central?" Doreen said. "Won't I lose signal down here?"

"Doc Pym installed a scrying crystal slot in your pack. It sends the sound through your earpiece."

"Advanced alien technology aaaand Bluetooth?"

Bradford smiled. She wasn't wrong. "If it works, it works."

"I just felt something big. Is that my distraction?"

"Roger. You are clear to move as soon as you see people heading toward the factory and the hallway is clear. Remember to take out the lightbulbs with the Optically Channeled Potentiator."

"The lightbulb-putter-outer-thingie." He could
hear
her rolling her eyes. "I remember,
Dad
."

Bradford looked at Hale, who was Not Smiling.

"They grow up so
fast
these days," she said.

-/-

The room was big, divided into sections with fences, and it had a high ceiling. Some of the sections were cages, there was a big, closed-in control room in the center, and another blocked-off section that Doreen couldn't see from her position.

"Central, I found the room," she said. "Do you want the good news or the bad news first?"

"Bad news."

"They have got robots guarding the place."

"Good news."

"Everybody else is gone. Have you noticed how the people in the movies always ask for it in the funniest order? 'Cause if you had asked for the good news first-"

"I get it. I think you can activate the camera and shut down the backpack."

"Roger."

"Huh," Bradford said, like he was leaning back from the mic. "Okay, she probably didn't need the enhancement in the first place." Beat. "No, no, it was a good beta test."

She puked out her guts over a
beta te
-

"Squirrel Girl, you see those cages?"

"The Gitmo-style ones? Yeah."

"Can you tell if there are people inside?"

"I smell two. There were others, but they were recently removed. Through this tunnel, in fact."

"Is there any other way in or out?"

"Not that I can see."

"Is that a computer over there?"

"Looks like. Let me just get my slingshot out..."

It was a completely normal store-bought slingshot. Metal and rubber and a cup. What
was
unusual were the projectiles; tiny little magnetic devices that stuck to computers and allowed remote access.

Or, in this case, HYDRA robotic guards.

"Got the signal," Bradford said. "Vision?"

"Ongoing. Done. Rerouting drones."

And then the robots marched right through a gate, which considerately locked itself behind them.

"They won't leave that other section," Vision said. "Also, through them I have access to the cages. Miss Green?"

"Unlock them, please, Mr...Vision?"

"Done."

The lights on the door panels switched from green to red. Doreen went for the closest one. It was a boy in a jumpsuit. He was wearing a weird collar, and a bag over his head, which she pulled off.

Wow.

He was kinda cute.

He winced in the light. "H-hi...? Are you with them?"

Doreen shook her head. "Come with me if you want to live."

-/-

Bradford heard a noise to his right. Like a Canadian woman had just applied her palm to her forehead at high velocity.

-/-

"Nice ears," Blondie said.

-/-

"Hmm," Rao said.

David turned around. The doc and Magnhild were looking at a tablet.

"'Hmm'? Why 'hmm'?"

"There's nothing wrong, it's just..." Rao looked up. "Doreen's heart rate increased."

"Why would-oh."

"Yeah," Hale said. "
Oh.
"

-/-

Doreen used the OCP to disable the blond kid's collar. Turned out his name was Robbie Baldwin, and he had a mutant ability to absorb kinetic impact through a forcefield, and send it back where it came from. Useful for a fistfight, or if he was being shot with normal bullets. Lasers, plasma, and repulsors? Not so much.

Door number two held a little girl, about ten years old. Long, dark hair, hospital gown, metal gauntlets over her hands and metal boots on her feet. She also wore a helmet with a red visor across the front.

"What's up with the Robocop look?" Hale said.

"Tracking and sensory overload in the event of an escape attempt," the little girl said.

"...Did she just hear me?"

"Yes. Please remove the collar."

Bradford made eye contact with Hale. "You heard the lady."

Once she was loose, she raised her fists, and knives came out of them.

Robbie jumped. "
Son of a-
"

Doreen jumped. "How are you
doing
that? Doesn't that
hurt
?"

"Surgically implanted metal blades based on samples of an alien alloy." The girl retracted her knives. "I think the scientists called it 'Adamantium'."

Bradford keyed the mic. "Are you saying that HYDRA managed to reproduce this alloy?"

"Unknown." The girl performed the same test with her feet, then stood at parade rest. "X-23, ready to comply."

"Okay, first off," Robbie said, "I don't like getting half the conversation. Second, do you have a name? Like actual-person name, not creepy-little-girl name?"

Doreen elbowed him.

X-23 stared at Robbie. "L-Laura."

"Good. Now we can get out of here."

"No."

"No?"

"There's one more."

-/-

The room was soundproofed.

That's why they hadn't heard her screaming.

The prisoner in the chair had brown skin, matted hair, and the same collar as the other two. But they didn't have some sort of weird collander-thing on their head. They weren't strapped down.

They hadn't been crying.

Baldwin took one look and ran forward. "We gotta turn this off!"

Doreen just stared. Laura slipped past her.

What was that whispering noise?

"Do you see a switch or a computer or something? Like this one! Crap, how do I log in?"

Doreen just stared.

"Doreen! Help me!"

"What? Yeah, just-just give me a se-"

Laura popped her fist-knives, slashed through a cable, the Chair went quiet, and the woman stopped screaming.

They all stared at her for a second.

-/-

Hale went stiff. "Son of a-" She looked at Bradford. "...Is that...?"

Bradford frowned. "It is." He keyed the talk button. "Squirrel Girl, be advised, that is a HYDRA asset, known as Penance. She participated in one of the SHIELD purges, and her mutant power is apparently the ability to cut through a wide variety of materials. She's also mentally unstable."

Silence on the line. And then Doreen said. "She doesn't look dangerous. She looks scared."

"Just leave her there. We'll come get her when we're done."

"She's not moving. Heart rate is down. Pupils...pupils dilated."

"We can't leave her," Laura said.

Doreen looked at the her. She just kept staring. Her arms were wrapped around her body, and she looked like a girl, just a normal girl who wanted Mommy and Daddy to hold her and tell her everything was going to be all right.

"I think it's called the Faustus treatment." She swallowed. "I think I was next. Or maybe...maybe they did it already?" She swayed, put a hand to her forehead.

"Laura?"

Laura looked up.

Doreen held out her arms.

Two seconds later, she hugged the creepy little girl with knife-fists.

-/-

"Hey, Bradford," Hale said.

Central massaged the bridge of his nose. "Yeah?"

"You know that saying?
Never give an order you know your men won't listen to
?"

"Yes."

"What made you think that Squirrel Girl was going to leave that woman behind?"

On the screen, Doreen and the new mutants tried to decide who would carry Penance. Well, Baldwin and Doreen tried to decide, while X-23 wandered off to the armory. Doreen's chest-cam was center-frame, while the room's security cameras were shoved off to the side.

"There never was much hope," Bradford said. "Just a fool's hope."

Laura wandered in from the armory with a bag.

"Wait, since when did
you
watch movies?"

Laura dropped her bag on the floor, and climbed a weapons case.

"I've had a lot of downt-wait, what is she
doing?
"

Laura stuck her fist-knives in the ceiling, and pushed the case over in front of the second door to the room, the door to the section where the drones were.

She dropped to the floor. The other two stared at her.

"The other half of this facility is for breeding and testing Chryssalids." She walked over to her back, pulled out some grenades and cords and very techy looking stuff. "I hear noises; I believe that they have escaped."

-/-

"Vision," Bradford said, "when you unlocked the cells, did you unlock
all
the cells?"

The gestalt superintelligence was silent for almost three whole seconds.

"Oops," he said.

There was a sudden pain in the bridge of Bradford's nose. "
Oops?
"

"I left the robots on autopilot. Sentry mode; they'd alert me if they were attacked. I assume the Chryssalids realized the drones weren't being piloted, and avoided them. But the second I took control and made them move-"

"The bugs noticed and destroyed them. Great."

"Well, at least we know why they have the robots in the first place," Rao said. "They can't implant robotic targets."

Bradford sighed. "Doreen, put a new chip on the console in there. We need to consider our options."

-/-

Luckily, there were a whopping three drones kept in the armory. And if the other half-dozen couldn't stop them-

And so, Doreen and Bradford came up with a plan. First, Laura's trap would slow them down. Then Robbie would draw their attention and use his power to avoid harm, while two of the armory drones would take potshots at them with the heaviest weapons they could find. Hopefully they could hold off the bugs until they got out through the sub-tunnel, with the last drone as a rear guard while Doreen carried the Asset, and then they could come back for Robbie.

If all else failed, they had grenades.

It went wrong almost immediately.

"Two soldiers coming," Laura said.

It was
really
irritating how her senses were better than Doreen's.

"
Freeze!
" the SHIELD agents yelled. One man, one woman. One with sidearm, one with one of those cool French guns with the curvy grip and the magazine on top.

And then Laura's eyes went wide, and she started to cry. Cry about how monsters were following them, how the monsters killed all the robots, how they had to run away.

"Doreen?" Vision said. "The distraction failed. Several are headed in your direction. We'll try to slow them down."

"Can...can you help us, lady?" Laura sniffled. She took a step closer. Then another. Doreen saw the other girl's knees bend-

The agents looked at each other. "Containment breach," the man said. "Better tell them to activate the failsafe."

The woman stared at Squirrel Girl. "Why are you wearing those ears?"

Something exploded down the tunnel. The agents tensed, raised their guns.

Laura stabbed the woman in the knee.

Doreen closed her eyes.

A few seconds later, Laura said "clear!"

She was standing in between their lifeless bodies, barely even breathing hard.

No, wait, not lifeless.

"Why...why didn't you kill them?"

Laura's face was back to that blank stare. "Bait. Lets go."

-/-

There was a big problem with Robbie as bait. Once the two drones self-destructed to kill Chryssalids, he had no offensive ability at all, and the bugs were a lot faster than him.

The sub-tunnel was narrow. Barely enough for one person, much less one person carrying another, larger person.

Out of time.

"They skipped the agents," Laura said. "And there goes the last drone. I have a healing factor. Get Penance out, and I'll follow."

"What? Nonono
no
! They'll kill you!"

"I've trained against them bef-"

And suddenly it was
there
, blocking out the light from the far side of the tunnel. Up close and personal.

Laura shouted, and dove underneath the...thing. Good News: Being small made it easier to dodge the legs.


too many legs why did it have so many legs


Bad News: she hit like a girl. Specifically, a ten-year old girl who weighed maybe eighty pounds soaking wet.

Worse news: There was another Chryssalid.

It slipped around Laura and her dance partner, and tried to squeeze into the gap. Doreen backed away, and looked up the ladder. Could she get the hatch open in time?

"
Throw the grenade!
" Laura yelled.

"What!?"

"Throw it! I can take it!"

That's when Penance just kinda slipped off of Doreen's shoulders.

What-

What should she-

"
And that
," someone said, "
is where I come in
."

Doreen couldn't move. Everything was so
slow
! Her heart leapt into her throat.
Who-what-


"
My name is Monet St Croix.
" The voice in Doreen's head was vaguely British, vaguely other-things. "
I'm the lady with the bad hair you rescued. Thanks for that, by the way.
"

Penance?

"
Yes. Laura, you've faced these before. Do they have any weak points?
"

"
Lower torso.
"

And then Doreen
knew
where it was. Knew the strike to guide a blade between the plates, knew how to twist the wrist to lever it open, leave a gap to exploit-

"
Doreen,
" Monet said, "
do you have any wea-ah.
"

Time went back to normal, and Doreen's arm came up, all on its own. It grabbed Quill's weird stick from the strap of her backpack, and thumbed it on, just like Quill told her.

A port opened on the ring, and wire spooled out. It form
ed
an elongated loop shaped like an inverted U, held in place by a magnetic field. An instant later it burst into life, charged with plasma.

Doreen's lips smiled. "Hm."

And then her body took two steps, thrust the sword into the Chryssalid's lower chest, drove it in almost to the hilt, then pulled it straight down out of the bug's body.

It collapsed into its own guts.

-/-

Bradford sat up.

-/-

"
Sorry about that
," Penance said, as Squirrel Girl's limbs came back to life. "
I did a little rewiring while I was in there. You should find that sensory enhancement device somewhat easier to operate, and you should have better control over your own natural abilities.
"

Doreen nodded. Then she threw up.

She tried not to splash on Penance. Even though it was her fault in the first place.

When she finished, she wiped her mouth on her jacket sleeve and said "is...is that all of them?"

"I think so." Laura held out her hand. Doreen took it, and pulled the girl out from under the dead bug. She didn't even mind the bug...goop on Laura's body.

The smaller girl looked down at her stained gown, and the side of her mouth went up. "Think the Salvation Army'll take this?"

It wasn't a very funny joke.

But it was a joke.

While they were still laughing, something made a noise at the hatch. Then it opened, and Masumoto looked down at them.

"What's up?"

"Nothin'," Doreen said. "What's up with you?"

Masumoto held out her hand. "Nothin'. Who are your new friends?"

"The short one is Laura."

Laura waved.

"The big one is Penance."

"
I prefer Monet, actually. Sorry for not shaking your hand.
"

Masumoto nodded. "How far behind is your boyfriend?"

"A few minutes," Laura said.

"He-he's
not
my boyfriend!" Doreen sputtered.

"Sure,
imouto
. Whatever you say."

-/-


Liberate your sons and daughters...


Peter smiled as the truck pulled into the house's yard. He'd been smiling for a while. The distraction worked, and nobody died.


The bush is high but in the hole there's water...


He was just helping one particularly shapely member of their little resistance down from the truck, when-

"
You gave Doreen a sword
?"

Quill half-turned.


Shoulders up, teeth clenched, murder in his eyes. Angry. Right shoulder going back-


There are ways to take a punch. And Peter Jason Quill had lots of experience.

He closed his mouth, pulled his tongue clear, and angled his head. When his jaw exploded in a white flash of pain, it was only a glancing blow.

Then he was on the ground, like usual. He rubbed his jaw - not broken - and looked up at Bradford.

"Hello, Commander. Nice to see you too."

"Answer the question, Quill."

Nobody intervened. They just froze, looking back and forth between the two men.

Quill rolled over onto his hands and knees.
Don't break eye contact. That's submission.
"I certainly did. I picked up your slack."


That
knocked Bradford off balance.

"You
what
?"

"You made Doreen a scout, but you didn't give her a weapon."

The Englishman rose, slowly. Hands visible, no sudden movements.

"You put a teenage girl with
no
experience in a dangerous situation with
nothing
but her wit and her will to defend her."

He faced Bradford squarely now, jaw thrust out, heart pounding in his ears.


Can't take him, not if he really wants to hurt me, but I'm assuming...


He stepped right into Bradford's personal space.

"Take it from a man without a father, that's a
tad
irresponsible."

David stared at him. His shoulders slumped. He looked away. Quietly; "she's a
kid
, Peter. Just a kid."

Peter put a hand on his friend's shoulder. "No she's
not
, mate. Not any more."


-XMF-


The title is bilingual. You know Spanish, right?

The original idea for this chapter was set under Los Angeles. I moved it to Caracas because I wanted to use the Torre David. It also involved the alleged "Mole Poeple" who live in tunnels under US cities. But this chapter turned out long and complicated enough without involving them.

This chapter is about 5K. It would've been even longer, if I hadn't summarized. It kinda got away from me.

If you listen to
The Red Panda Adventures
podcast-and you really should-you may recognize where I'm going with Doreen.

For once, I decided to use something resembling proper radio discipline. We won't be seeing
that
again.

>