


31 Ascendant



-XMF-


The skyscraper was in downtown Chicago, and under heavy construction.

Several telecommunications companies had come together in an unprecedented show of unity, of co-operation, and very publicly agreed to chip in on the dish, to improve communication all over the Midwest. There was a press conference. Lots of handshakes and business-smiles, which looked like normal smiles, but completely insincere.

The dish - more of an array, strictly speaking - was supposed to be assembled in place. Made up of some sort of alien material, with alien fractal patterns to increase the surface area. Airspace over midtown was restricted. Employees were strictly screened. Security on the ground floor was tight, supplemented by Aegis International.

But they had been getting a little sloppy recently. Enough to let three strangers people walk into an elevator and head up to the roof. They looked official enough, with their jumpsuits, clipboards, and toolbelts and toolkits and hard hats under the arms. Probably some kinda supervisors. There were a lot of those around these days..

Mike stood at the back, in shades. Jen and Eli stood in front of him.

Jen waved a key fob at the panel and pushed the button, and all three of them rode up in silence. Except for the sound of Mike's heart trying to escape through his ribcage, of course.

None of them looked at the camera.

Mike's knee was aching again.

Just before they hit the roof, Eli looked over his shoulder.

"Just act like a government employee," he said. A bead of sweat ran down his face. "Remember, walk like you belong. Like we're supposed to be there. No hurry. No ru-"

The elevator went
ding!
, and the doors slid open. Up a flight of stairs, and then onto the roof.

That's where they met the security guard, also in a hardhat. And a visibility jacket that said SECURITY across the back. He turned as they opened the door.

"Stop. Who are you?"

Eli stepped forward. "
Who are you
, he says. Buddy, if half the things we've been hearing are true, your boss is in a
lot
of trouble."

The guard frowned. "My b-wait, what are you talking about?"

"Look, I know you're just doing your job, Mr-" He looked at the guard's Aegis Security nametag. "Rowley. But we might have to shut down the whole site until we're done."

"
Who
are you again?"

"Sorry, did I not...?" Eli reached into his coat pocket, and Rowley put his hand on the butt of his handgun.

Eli pretended not to notice. He pulled out a little black wallet, flipped it open so Rowley could see the ID.

"Gerald Young. Occupational Health and Safety Administration."

-/-


Before


Dinner was nice. Chicken and pasta, and a vegetable dish for wife with indian name. The wine was good.

So why were the hairs standing up on the back of Mike's neck?

They chatted over dinner, of course. Nothing deep. Sports, work, Mike's trouble finding work. Eli said it might be a good idea to turn it into a wedding venue. Maybe start training horses again.

Mike said that his dad trained horses.

There was a brief, awkward silence, until wife breathed life back into the conversation, and Mike just sat there and watched. With his aching knee. With his regrets.

"I need some air," he said. He shoved his chair back, pushed himself up-

"Mike!" Eli said. "
Wait!
Wait a second! Just-"

He turned to Jen and did that couples-eye-contact thing, then he turned back to Mike.

"Okay. There's something we need to ask you."

Mike's knee twinged.

He knew how the front door worked. The table was too heavy to flip, but they could turn over chairs, and as far as he knew Eli didn't have any real combat experience. If the front door was locked, they could circle around to the kitchen. Narrow entrance, more defensible. Knives, pots, pans, rolling pins. He could hold the Carters off while wife got the back door, maybe even take them d-

"Look, if you want a foursome, just
ask
." Jaya said. "I'll call Subway, we'll get snacks,
why are you looking guilty I was just kidding
."

Eli and wife stared at her.

Then they relaxed.

Mike felt the tension drain out of his shoulders. When did he tense up?

"Maybe it's better if we just show you." Eli turned toward the kitchen. "You can come out now."

A tired-looking dark-haired woman stepped into view, and waved. "Greetings."

"Hello," Jaya said. "Are you here for a fivesome?"

"What? No," Jaya said. "This is Ragna. She's an alien, from Asgard. She wants our help."

Mike's jaw dropped.

"Sooo..." Jaya said, "
no
fivesome?"

-/-


Now


Jen folded her arms and rolled her eyes, and moved to the side Mike leaned back against the wall next to the door, let the toolkit dangle, tried to look like he was waiting for the boss to do something.

Like riding a bike.

The guard caught his eye, and Mike game him a we're-all-in-this-together smile.

The guard looked at "Young" again. "Sir, I'm going to need to confirm"

"Go right ahead. In fact," Eli stepped closer, and pulled a shiny rectangle out of his pocket. "Use my phone."

This was the tricky part. If Rowley actually called his boss, they'd set off alarm bells anyway. The camera above the elevator was hard-wired, and the encryption was too heavy for Ragna's friend to break. The AI
should
be cross-referencing their faces and names with the OSHA employee database right about-

"Hold on a sec." The soldier tilted his head, and his eyes unfocused. Listening to his earpiece. Then his eyes went wide and he went for his Sig-

Eli hit the guard's gun hand with his left hand. That would buy him a few seconds.

Just enough time to say "Thunderstruck".

Like Ragna said, repulsors had very distinctive electromagnetic signatures, and the aliens had enough sensors in place to detect it very readily, unless it was shielded somehow.

But there was no point in hiding it once the ball went up.

The repulsor cell in the cell phone was Vanko's "flawed" version. The regular type had less force, but more electricity. Vanko and Stark had tweaked this version to be mostly electricity.

So when two prongs popped out the bottom of the phone and Eli jammed it into Rowley's chest, it made a very big impact indeed.

Rowley's body slumped to the floor, and Eli took a few steps back. He looked at Rowley, then the weapon in his hand, and back at Rowley-

Mike squeezed his friend's shoulder, and Eli jumped. "Good job."

"Th-thanks.
Moneytalks
."

The prongs retracted, and Eli shoved the thing into his pocket.

They all stood there for a second, just looking at the body. Jen scrubbed the back of her hand over her mouth.

Mike had Seen Things. He'd Been There. But this...this was new.

"Mike?" Eli said "Is he alive?"

It smelled like barbecue.

"I don't know." He took a deep breath. "We need to keep moving."

-/-


Before


Let me get this straight, Mike said. the big dish they're building on that tower in town isn't actually to improve cell reception.

"Correct," said the Ragna in the kitchen. She had a faint accent, european, maybe, and a good view of the back door.

"It's to improve bandwidth for the Panopticon. Which is a unified global surveillance network, Jaya said.

"Correct."

"And you need someone to go in and take it out because your people would get made instantly if you get anywhere near the place, and you're not sure if your magic will work."

"Correct," said the Ragna by the fireplace. Mike kept his eyes on the one sitting at the table.

Mike felt a sharp, piercing pain, right between his eyebrows. "Do you have
any
idea how
insane
this sounds?"

Ragna leaned forward, and her duplicates vanished. "Earth was invaded by aliens, and then they suddenly turn around and go 'whoops, our apologies'. Then they ally themselves with the most powerful security agency on the planet. You've heard the rumors, yes? The people who never come home from the X-ray clinics?"

"X-ray?"

"Sorry. Bad influences. Ethereals. The free clinics. Does your knee still pain you?"


Yes.


"No."

A smile flickered across the...alien's face. "You don't think all of this is just a tad suspicious?"

Mike leaned back. "Let's assume I believed you. You want us to take on Aegis International?"

"Not the whole thing. Just a few guards."

"How do we know you're telling the truth? You
could
just be some nutjob."

Ragna blinked. "I...suppose that's fair. A demonstration, then?"

She picked up a steak knife, looked at the edge, then put her other hand palm-down on the table.

"Watch closely."

Mike thought about it later, and it seemed strange that none of them moved. No one went "
no! Don't!
", no one tried to stop her.

They just stood there, as she stabbed herself in the hand.

-/-


Now


The roof was covered with coils of wiring, beams of metal, power tools, and, oh yes, workers. Lots of workers. Running around like busy little bees.

There used to be a lounge up there, but all the fancy chairs and couches and the bar were gone, much to the sorrow of Chicago's wealthier souls.

Eli looked around, and grunted. "Nice view."

Jen sighed. "Shame we never made it up to the lounge."

"Sure, if you wanted to pay fifteen bucks for a drink."

"Wha-
really
?"

"Hand-to-God, that's what I heard."

"Mm. Think they'll it open up again after they're done with-" She waved her hand. "-all this?"

"Sure, if the rich folks want fancy drinks, a nice view,
and
cancer."

Mike tried not to smile. It would be unprofessional. He tapped his earpiece. "Eagle, this is Rook Actual. Come in."

He could hear the smile in Jaya's voice over the radio. "I can see you. Can you see me?"

Jen rolled her eyes. "Is this really the time for jokes?"

"When else are we going to get the chance?"

Mike smiled. "They really need all this to put up an antenna?"

Eli shook his head. "That ain't it." He opened his toolbox. "Sure, they could put it all up at once, but this sucker's big; they had to reinforce the roof anyway. Better to build it in place and fix the problems as they came along."

Mike pulled out a box, and passed it to Jen. She pulled out the stock, snapped it into place, and sighted it. Eli did the same, and so did Mike. "Ragna, this is Rook."

"I read you, Rook. Chatter says that the Aegis guards are coming out of their security station at the other end of the roof and pushing toward your location right about-"

Someone started yelling.

"-Now."

Jaya said "Honey, I see a bunch of angry people with guns." She switched to a British accent. "Shall I open up the ball?"


Hmm. Good terrain. Good positions.


Mike said "Not yet. We need to make sure they're inside."

"Inside what?"

Mike turned around, and shot out the camera over the door. "The kill box."

-/-


Before


The four humans stared at the bent steak knife, sitting in the middle of the table.

Then they stared at Ragna. She held her completely unblemished hand up, and wriggled her fingers.

"Perfectly fine, ladies and gentlemen, perfectly fine."

Was that...a smile on her face?

Jaya shut her mouth with a little
click
. "Pop quiz. If you're so tough, why do you need us?"

"I can only take so much damage. Once they recognized me, they bring in, what's that phrase, all the king's horses and all the king's men. but regular humans, if they're fast enough, if they're strong enough..."

She looked around, at their thoughtful faces.

"I'll supply weapons and training, of course, she said, like it weren't no thing. But I believe you might know more about that than I do. Sergeant Harris."

Wait, so she knew about-

It was a pitch.

She was
giving them a sales pitch
.

A
good
one.

Son of a-

He didn't even realize he was standing until he was already up. "I need some air."

Then he walked outside, to the front porch.

There was another Ragna walking post, keeping an eye on the road. She even had an imaginary cigarette. Or at least, a glow. Someone driving by wouldn't notice the lack of smoke. They wouldn't hear how the grass didn't rustle under her feet.

She looked up, noticed he was there, smiled at him, and popped like a soap bubble.

Was it astral projection or something? Did she
have
to include the illusions, or was that a party trick?

...This was crazy.

He dropped his head into his hands.

This was totally crazy. He wanted to have dinner with his friends, and he met a demigod alien going "do you wanna be a terrorist?"

Yeah, the world had gotten a lot stranger lately, but that was mostly happening Someplace Else. To Someone Else.

Even when It
did
happen to him, It was over before he realized it.

His knee twinged.

He leaned across the railing. Traced the driveway to the road, and the road to the lights of his farm.

No. Not his farm. Dad's farm. When he had -


If
he had kids, he'd still be saying it was Dad's. Probably.

If he turned to the right, he'd see Chicago.

The door opened behind him. Warm hands circled his waist. A head rested on his shoulder.

There were crickets.

He always liked crickets.

He put one hand over his wife's. "What if she's not an alien? What if she's just a woman with bulletproof skin and a good story?"

Jaya half-smiled. He could tell by the feel of her chin, the tone of her voice. "Bulletproof skin?"

"...There's stories."

"Hmm. You know this isn't right, right?"

"What isn't?"

"Everything. The world went wrong. And we might-
might
-be able to fix one tiny part of it."

"We could die."

"I know." Beat. "
Dulce et decorum est
."

"Uh. You know there's a poem-"

"A mustard gas attack in World War One, I know. But we're not 'ardent for some desperate glory'. We're just people, doing what we can."

"You're a schoolteacher."

"I've been meaning to expand my resume. Do you think 'terrorist' would look good on it?"

Mike's shoulders slumped. "Even if this works out, we're not walking out of it."

Jaya pressed her lips against the back of his neck, sent a shiver down his spine. "Probably."

His knee hurt.

-/-


Now


The Aegis guards were armed with a motley collection of handguns, submachine guns, and one or two AR-15 rifles, hanging back to provide covering fire. A few prototype bulletproof vests, on loan from SHIELD.

Rook team was armed with cut-down versions of XCOM's "Chimera" rifle. At this point, it was more of an SMG or PDW. Laser sidearms as backups. And one prototype laser sniper rifle sitting in the next highest building in Chi-town. All tuned to the infrared. A few repulsor-feedback grenades, disguised as cell phones, in their toolbelts. Ragna keeping an eye on the situation with her magic.

"It's a turkey shoot," Eli muttered.

The problem, for the guards, was the angles.

Team Rook had a slightly elevated position, cover, and sightlines along the length of the roof. Sure, the mercenaries could hide behind various pieces of equipment, but then they'd probably be exposed to Jaya.

Eventually they cottoned on, and stayed in their little bunker at the far end of the roof, one of the few spots they'd be protected.

And completely ineffective.

The workers kept going. They got hit by a round or a laser, and none of them looked up. They just took up the slack.

"I think they're brainwashed," Jen muttered.

"Got the rent-a-troops pinned down, Sarge." Eli looked over at Mike. "If you were them, what would you do?"

What
would
he do?

"Hunker down, call in a strike. But I'm pretty sure they're not going to drop arty on downtown Chicago. Hey, you see a big plane anywhere in the sky?"

Eli looked around. "Ahhh...no?"

"Good. No Spookies on station."

"What's a Spooky?" Jen said.

"Hm? Oh, it's a gunship. Would wipe the whole roof clean. But it's not exactly a precision instrument, so-" Mike shrugged. "-Bad PR."

Jen peered at the screen of her "nitro" cell. She tapped it once, and it highlighted one of the guards. She grunted, and let go.

"Hm. Why are you smiling?"

The "cell phone" shot into the sky on repulsors, describing an arc from Jen's hand to the approximate position of the guard. It stopped around two metres off the ground.

"I'm smiling?" Mike felt his face. So he was.

Now the two microrepulsors in the nitro cell turned their force against each other. Each created a small field, both with the same frequency.

The feedback was...impressive.

The poor guard at ground zero didn't stand a chance.

As the blast and electricity hit him, he fell out of cover, and Jen was waiting to pull the trigger.

That was another thing.

The guns came pre-customized, to a degree. Someone stenciled "Mutt Jr." on the side. It looked like the logo of a baseball team.

They told Ragna their preferences, she recorded them and sent them away, and then a shadowy face with a beard on a tablet screen talked them through it. Turned out they could be adjusted with household tools.

Jen had hers set to use all ten laser emitters, in sequence, and the alternate fire was a shotgun blast. Standard configuration. Eli only used the top six emitters, in pairs, and kept the bottom two reserved in case he wanted to use all four of them for "shotgun" fire. Made it overheat faster, he had to vent the heat sink more, but he insisted on it.

And Mike's gun?

"They're pushing left. Toward me," Jen said.

Mike propped Junior on the planter he was sitting behind, stared into the feed from his guncam. "I see 'em."

"They think she's the weak point," Eli said.

"I
know
."

"Want me to take a shot?" Jaya said.

"I
got
it!"

The targets flashed red, his glasses went
beep beep beep
, and he pulled the trigger.

Funny thing about laser weapons; no real kickback. Someone put a motor in the thing, to fake force, impact, the feeling of a weapon bucking against your shoulder.

And none of it meant a thing if your gun was aiming itself.

The laser emitters tracked, fired, tracked, fired again.

And the guards died in their tracks.

After a few minutes of silence, Jaya called "clear!". Team Rook stood up, and looked upon what they had wrought.

A dozen dead men and women.

They hadn't posted a sentinel up there. Those guys were probably expensive.

"Mike." Eli's voice was low. "The construction workers-"

"Yeah, I see it."

They were all facing Rook. Completely silent. Faces blank.

Jaya said "looks like one of guards was trying to use a walkie-talkie-"

Jen muttered "
definitely
brainwashed."

"Jen," Mike said, "get more nitro cells out, put them on claymore mode, and toss them out."

"W-why?"

The workers broke into a run. Some of them went for the dropped weapons, some used tools, the rest went for Rook with nothing but their bare hands.

Mike raised his rifle. "Because you can't throw and shoot at the same time!"

And he opened fire. The others joined him a second later.

The workers weren't even trying to hide, or evade. They were just charging. Blind, suicidal. It didn't make sense, even if they were brainwa-

"Wait," Ragna said. "There's something-" Pause. "
Rook, get down!
"

A triangular shape, all smooth, focused menace, rose above the side of the roof.

Stalling.

The construction workers were stalling.

Mike moved through quicksand. Through molasses. He saw the minigun drop out of the Quinjet's chin, and he knew, he
knew
what was coming.

The standard-issue SHIELD Quinjet was a long-range, VTOL transport.

It was made from human tech. Not really anything fancy, by Ethereal standards. Could pull a few machs when she got her legs under her.

Her primary armament was a plain old chin-mounted GAU-17/A gatling gun, firing thousands of plain old 7.62×51mm NATO rounds per minute, that could still punch through a plain old air-conditioning unit like a pencil through tissue paper.

And, in this case, the woman hiding behind it.

Mike saw Jen get shot to ribbons.


Just like Rico
.

The first burst was off target. It only turned her gun to spare parts, and her right arm to hamburger. Along with a certain amount of her torso.

With the earplugs in, it was almost quiet. Just loud enough to tell you someone was shooting at you. Not deafening, like it would really be. The minigun

Jen fell sideways and stared at the meat where her arm had been. "What-what-"

Mike closed his eyes.

The second burst was on target.


Focus. Complete the mission, Sergeant.


"Ragna?" His voice sounded calm, too calm. He smelled copper. Or was it iron? "That was on Jaya's side of the building. Why didn't she see it coming?"

"I'm so, so, sorry-"

"Ragna. Focus."

"Yes, right. Quinjets can cloak. I had a friend who was monitoring this sort of thing, but they must've kept it off the bo-."

"Hang on. Someone's screaming."

Wait, what?

Mike opened his eyes right as Ragna said "that's Eli."

He was screaming. And crying. And reaching out for his wife, then pulling his hand back. The Quinjet wasn't shooting. Were they hoping he'd surrender?

Oh, wait, they were saying something. Over the loudspeaker.

They
were
asking him to surrender.
Put the gun down, remove your belt, interlace your fingers.


Maybe the plane was too far away, but Mike saw the exact moment Eli's face hardened. His friend tossed the gun away, and stood up.

Wait, what was he-

Eli reached down to his "toolbelt", unhooked it, primed the nitro cells, and threw the whole thing at the Quinjet.

The portside jet intake sucked it in like a frog snapping at a fly.

The engine exploded, and Mike flinched, but when he looked again, the bird was still in the air.

It staggered around drunkenly for a while, then the pilot managed to stabilize the plane, and it faced the building on the VTOL fans. It could've landed, it might even have been combat effective, except for one little fact.

When the portside turbine exploded, it damaged the rear hatch. And that hatch fell open. Open just enough for someone with a high-powered laser weapon to take a shot.

Like Jaya, for instance.

The beam entered the cabin, and hit the back of the pilot's seat. It slowed down for a second, burning through the chair.

Maybe he had time to realize what was happening before it destroyed most of his chest in invisible fire.

He slumped onto the controls, and the Quinjet spun, tilted, slid-

Mike shouted "Get down!" He hit the deck, covered his ears-

And then the aircraft hit the side of the Tower with a noise like the world ending, and a giant had swatted Mike across the roof.

Eventually, the world started making sense again, and he opened his eyes. All in one piece? Good. On fire? No? Good. Where was Eli?

Farther away from the edge. Standing up, right.

Mike crawled over, rolled him over on his back - his eyes weren't actually looking at anything - and shook him. Eli's eyes focused.

"You okay?" Mike said.

"Yeah, just...just ears ringing a little."

They staggered up, walked to the side of the roof, and looked over. Windows broken for the top...five floors? Six? More? Some part of the the plane's corpse stuck out of the building.


A piece of shrapnel sticking out of a dead man's chest.


Down below, the wind spun little pieces of glass toward the river, glittering like diamonds.

"Wow," Eli said. He didn't seem to realize there was still tears and snot on his face. And Mike didn't have any tissues.

"Yeah. Wow."

"Didn't think that would actually work."

They watched it burn.

"Was anybody in those ro-"

A green flash, and heat. Mike flinched, turned to his friend.

Eli looked down at his chest, at the charred and raw flesh there. He looked confused. He touched the spot, and it came away slick and wet with something Mike didn't want to think about.

The second plasma round went through Eli's head.

-/-


Before


Jaya had gone inside, and left Mike alone with his thoughts.

And the crickets.

And the sound of the front door opening.

"I'd like to apologize." Ragna said. "It was...rude to call you by your rank, Michael. I didn't realize it would-"

"No, it's fine."

Crickets.

"How do I know you're not some sort of Super-Soldier?"

"There was only one of those. We've met."

Wow, she must've been on Earth for a while. "Maybe someone made a knockoff. SHIELD or Stark Industries or maybe even the ETs up there."

"I met them. I don't think they'd fit in a bike basket."

Mike stared at her completely deadpan face, until something welled up in his chest, and he laughed.

How long had it been since he laughed?

Eventually, he wound down, took a few deep breaths, and kept talking. "This could still be a trap."

Ragna spread her hands. "To what end? To ensnare four random people from Illinois?"

"Jaya's from India."

She rolled her eyes. "You know what I mean. Why so many questions?"

That was a good question. Why was he so skeptical? Why didn't he want to believe it?

"Michael? May I ask a question?"

"Sure, why not?"

"What happened? Over there?"

Mike's fists clenched on the railing.

"You know already, don't you? You know the whole story."

"I know the official story. I know what they put in the reports."

"Well…"

She wouldn't learn anything new, anyway.

-/-


Now



Not again.


Mike crouched, and scrambled to the lip of the roof.


not again not again not aga


"Jaya, there's a-"

"Sniper, I saw."

The sweat trickled down his back. His heart was beating just as fast as it had been in the elevator.

"Can you see the sniper?"

"No. I can't see through floors."

"You can't...?"

His heart stopped dead for a beat or two.

"Think about it. That came from the South, across the river. My direction. And there's only one higher building in Chicago. If there is a sniper, this is the best place. Great minds."


nonononono


"You need to get out!"

"I don't think that's an option."

"Why not!"

"Because there's supposed to be no one above me, but I can hear someone coming down the stairs. And this floor is supposed to be blocked off, so-"

"-There shouldn't be anyone on the floor."

"Two O'Clock."

"What?"

"The workers."

Mike looked right; Eli's empty face-


you were supposed to protect us


-and then that planter from before, and just over that, a hardhat with dead eyes just coming around it-

He raised his weapon, squeezed. Tango down. Move, squeeze. Tango down. Move, squeeze. Tango down. Swap heatsink. Tango down.

Explosion on the earpiece.

Mike flinched.

"Jaya?"

Silence.

"Jaya?"

"Sorry. Got him with a mine, but he got a piece of me on the way out. Enhanced, maybe."

"You were supposed to be safe!"

"I know. But I realize something now."

"Wh-what?"

"None of us were safe. Not from the moment she walked in. We were all
murda
."

"What?"

"All dead."

"You said
murda
."

"Did I?"

"Yeah."

"Crap." There was a pause. Just long enough for someone to exhale, to draw a bead-

Mike heard three-well, there wasn't really a
word
for what happened when a laser met flesh. A pop? A sizzle?

"Three tangos down. Area clear." There was a smile in her voice. "Terrorists win."

"Jaya? Are you okay?"

Silence.

"Jaya?"

Silence.

"
Jaya!
"

-/-


Before


A car passed by on the main road, and the light flashed into Mike's eyes. He blinked, and started his story.

"There was an alien attack in Kabul. My squad were patrolling outside of town, and the brass sent us to assist."

"We never saw what hit us. I just remember a green flash, and then...falling.

"Next thing I know, the Hummer's upside down and on fire, and I was crawling out the window. What was left of it. I turned around and dragged Rico out. What was left of her. The other two-"

He shook his head.

"Broke their necks in the crash. Or head trauma, I don't know. Maybe we shoulda worn seatbelts.

"She was still alive when I got her out, y'know? I tried to stand up, use the radio. And that's when I noticed the shrapnel."

His knee twinged.

"The radio still worked though. Problem was, Command didn't have anyone to send. We
were
the backup.

"And then the insurgents arrived."

His jaw ached.

"Just passing by, I think. On their way to somewhere else. Still took a couple potshots. Still tagged Rico. She mighta made it to morning otherwise. They bounced a round off the vest, cracked a rib. Didn't stick around, not after I played dead."

"The records say your knee is healed. Physically."

"Yep. What was the fancy term they used? Psycho-something?"

"Psychogenic."

"Psychogenic. It's aaall in my head. Even went to one of those alien cli-wait. That's how you found me, wasn't it?"

"It is. They're...not good with psychology."

"I know. I expected them to give me two aspirin and say 'call me in the morning'."

The crickets chirped. The silence grew, and grew, until-

Mike took his phone out of his pocket. "What if I call the cops on you right now?"

Ragna locked her eyes on his. "I walk out of your life and you never see me again. Jen and Eli go to jail, and you keep lying awake at night, wondering if you could have saved Rico, if you could've been just a little faster, a little smarter, a little better."

Wait, what?

"Or you could take a stand, and save a
lot
more people."

Did she
read his mind
?

"I never told them that!"

The corner of Ragna's mouth flicked upward, just for an instant. "Just a wild guess."

"A wild
guess
? Based on
what
?"

The alien closed her eyes, and sighed. "You think you're the only one who ever lost a soldier?"

Mike stared at her.

"But you won't do make that call. You wouldn't screw your friends up."

"Over. Screw them over."

"Ah." She shrugged. "My mistake." She straightened up, looked at the steps. "If you want me to leave, I'll leave."

"Just like that?"

"Just like that. They'll listen to you. Follow your lead."

His mouth opened. What was he going to say-

"The worst part wasn't the waiting," someone said, with his voice, from his lips. "It was being helpless. People were dying somewhere, and it was my job to help them, and I couldn't. I couldn't save Rico. God help me, I couldn't even save
myself
."

She was quiet. Gave him space. Let him make a cho-

No.

It was already made.

Maybe he made it a long time ago.

-/-


Now


The world was quiet.

Relatively. Besides the creaking metal from the impact site. The pop pop pop of something burning. The wind.

But...no people.

Mike was the last-

He struggled to his feet.

-the last man standing.

"Sitrep," said some tired old man with Mike's mouth.

"Mike-"

"Ragna, where are the bad guys?"

"The HYDRA reinforcements won't be here in time to stop you. But I'm afraid there's no way off this roof."


Well, there's one.


"The stairs," he said, just for the heck of it.

"They have your face now. By the time you reached the ground floor, they'd have the a five block radius locked down." A moment of silence. "I'm sorry."

Something went tight in Mike's chest.

"Well... We never put all our chips on that number." He reached for his nitro cells. "Where do I put these?"

The electromagnets made a satisfying
thunk
when they hit the struts.

Mike walked to the far end of the roof - his knee didn't hurt at all - looked up at the array



OBEY OBEY OBEY OBEY OBEY



and pain stabbed into his forehead, right between his eyebrows. He shook his head.
Ow
.

He got behind cover and covered his ears. "Fire in the hole."

This explosion was smaller. Focused. It didn't knock him across the roof like the jet had. Less like a giant, more like Jaya trying to shove him out of bed-

A tear slid down his cheek. He didn't notice.

The supports that were left half finished array slid off the roof with great dignity, like it had been planning to go that way all along.

Mike walked to the edge. The array hung from a single strut.

He pointed his gun at it. Fired.

The strut snapped.

The array fell.

Mike watched it for a second. Two.

Then, on an impulse, he dived after it.

-/-


Now


Ragna sat at a table outside a hot dog stand on Central Street in Evanston, not far out of Chicago proper. She stared at the...food in her hand. The strange condiments on the meat tube. It didn't smell too bad, and slowly, slowly, she brought it to her mouth-

"They did it," Jocasta said, over Ragna's earpiece. "The test was a success."

Ragna flinched, and dropped her hot dog. She caught it before it hit the ground, and the mustard and pickle fell onto her shoe.

She glared at it. She had only been on Earth a few months, but she was fairly certain that mustard stains were difficult to get out of shoes.

She bit into her hot dog like it had done her a personal insult.


...Not bad.


She looked at the phone on the table. "Do any of them live?"

Jocasta - the automaton's simulated face - looked contrite. "No. I'm sorry."

"I see." The Asgardian took another bite. Chewed harder. Frowned at the apartment building across the street. Occasionally took a sip of Coke.

"Did they really think it was my voice?"

"Yes."

"So." Ragna's shoulders slumped. "We've proven the hypothesis. You can make warriors of ordinary men and women."

"Not the word I would use, but yes."

Ragna chewed slower, reached the end of the sandwich, and crumpled the paper wrapper in her fist.

"Do you feel...conflicted?"

"Why do you ask?"

"You chose the profiles. Spied on them. Found ostensibly normal people who would be willing to throw their lives away after...what? A
speech
? Some parlour tricks? For closure?"

Jocasta was silent.

Ragna's jaw hurt. She forced it to relax.

"While
I
...I forged them into a blade, meant to break in the battle. A spear to shatter, even as it pierces the foe's mail."

She leaned back in her seat.

"They use people. we use people. How are we so different?"

"We don't force them."

"No. We just take vulnerable people and give them the
illusion
of choice. Such upstanding characters we are!"

The can crumpled in her fist.

"You feel guilty."

"No." Ragna sighed. "Yes. I don't...I don't know."

"Hey, lady!"

Ragna looked up. One of the employees looked out the window at her.

"You okay, ma'am?"

Ragna blinked. Then she looked at the sharp edges of the crumpled can, the ones that would've pierced any normal human's skin.
Oh
.

She let it go, shook the liquid off, held up her hand, and wriggled her fingers. Her palm was completely unblemished.

She tried to smile.

"Perfectly fine."


-XMF-


XCOM:
totally
the good guys! No moral ambiguity here, no sir!

If you're familiar with Chicago, you may realize where the bulk of this chapter takes place. I just want to say that I chose the location long before the election, after I saw a documentary on the construction of it.

Ragna looks and behaves like Ridget from the anime
Susei no Gargantia
. Just with rather less, ah, physical development. And no glasses, unless you imagine her doing the Clark Kent thing.


TROPHY ACHIEVED



Five-by-five:
Destroyed a comms tower.

>