



I own nothing Walking Dead





I am not quoting directly from the episode from where Rick tells Daryl that Carol has been banished because it mysteriously disappeared from my recordings, I came as close as my memory would allow me. Still pissed, so much that I felt driven to write this... what were they thinking?





chapter one



Rick watched as the blood drained from Daryl's face as he revealed the reality that he could no longer put off from him, "Carol is gone."

The rest of what he heard rang in his ears like some bizarre echo as his heart thumped deafeningly in his ears words that he could not accept, that made no sense that simply could not be real.

Rick's hands became a little shaky but he did his best to be strong, to stay true to his story knowing it had to be believable especially to Daryl.

He needed Daryl, depended on him; he had to find a way to get him to understand, to trust his judgment. Over this past year it was obvious how the others had come to recognize how crucial he had become to keeping them safe, not to mention how invaluable his skills of hunting and expert survival were.

It went beyond that if truth be told; Daryl was cared for as if he were family. Time and time again he had proven his willingness to sacrifice his life for them, and in a world of uncertainty, of infinite danger those qualities were priceless.

Immediately he began pacing back and forth like a caged animal as the wheels in his head began turning at an alarming speed, it was clear a plan was already in the works to somehow find her.

This was exactly what Rick was afraid of.

He had put off telling him about his decision to banish Carol for as long as possible but with Hershel, Maggie, Carl and god knows who else knowing it became clear he couldn't afford to wait any longer.

Mass confusion spun Daryl's brain as he took in the information that was being handed to him, none of it making sense.

Daryl wasn't a stupid man, far from it, especially when it came to knowing what people were capable of.

Growing up in an abusive home you learn to be observant of the people around you, changes in their behavior. You learn when to stay away, how hard to push, when to run. In Daryl's case his life pretty much depended on it.

He didn't care what Rick was saying, he knew Carol, there had to be another explanation.

Too much wasn't adding up and what was worse it involved the people he trusted and cared about most in the world.

Gripping his long hair in frustration he peered into Rick's eyes confused by his seemingly cavalier attitude towards something as serious as putting one of their own out into a hornet's nest alone….
completely
alone.

Seeing Daryl's reaction, a mixture of anger, disbelief and downright anguish was not a surprise to Rick and was met with his usual calm slow talking convincing authoritative tone that was often used when he needed people in group to fall in line with his decisions.

But he wasn't dealing with '
the group'
he was dealing with Daryl who may have in the past fallen in line with whatever choices Rick had made when the mood struck him to take on the role of their leader.

But this was different.

He had directly, solely and without evidence or input from anyone else in the group banished the one person Daryl was closest to.

Shaking his head he refused to believe what Rick was telling him to be the truth. Frustrated beyond words Daryl pointed his finger in his face with gritted teeth knowing without a doubt that he was wrong.


"No
, not Carol, there had to be more to it, something she couldn't explain… this isn't her … she would never – "

"She admitted it Daryl, told me straight out, she didn't even hesitate, didn't feel remorse or show any sign of regret. Carol has changed, she told Carl to lie to me about teaching the girls to fight. She is a danger to us, to the group. It had to be done – "

Clenching his jaw, fisting his hands till his knuckles turned bone white Daryl felt caught between a friend with whom his respect meant a great deal and the woman who suddenly seemed more important to him then oxygen to his lungs.

It was obvious to Rick that Daryl wasn't going to be satisfied with Carol's banishment based completely on her actions; he had to think quick before the rest of the group started to see Daryl coming undone.

Between losing so many with this mysterious flu outbreak, he knew it would be a giant break in moral, if not total chaos if people began losing faith in him because of the well-deserved respect that was growing with Daryl.

The fact remained that recently if not for a while now Rick could be downright unstable, with his hallucinations of seeing dead people, to making the choice to making farming his main priority, leaving the rest to form the council feeling he wasn't ready to take part of the decision process, to even going so far as to bury his gun.

"She has a car, she's fully stocked, plenty of guns, amo. She's a survivor Daryl. She'll be fine – "

Charging at Rick with his piercing blue eyes on fire with fury Daryl growled back at Rick something the sheriff already knew.

"No one can make it out there on their own!"

Moving in close giving him an expression of true concern that he wielded so well Rick played the only card he had left.

"Daryl, when Tyreese finds out that it was Carol that murdered and burned those bodies he would have killed her and you know it."

It was low working the raw obvious feelings of Daryl's love for Carol that everyone was aware of except for Daryl, but at this point Rick felt that he had no other option; he had to find a way to control him.

He had hoped that the threat of her life would overcome any doubts of his decision but he was wrong, dead wrong.

Again pacing back and forth his chest heaved breathlessly as adrenalin pumped through his veins his mind was already made up.

Muscles carved from stone strong as steel from working his bow flexed hard as an overwhelming intensity covered his rugged but undeniable boyish vulnerable handsome face.

Brushing past Rick toward his cell Daryl began to pack some supplies before grabbing his stock of arrows and his bow before half running towards the kitchen.

Sweat broke out along Rick's forehead as others watched in confusion giving Rick a look of concern questioning what was happening.


"Daryl…"


Rick half whispered attempting to keep the attention at a minimum as Daryl shoved several cans of beans and fruit inside a duffle bag along with several bottles of water before stopping off to grab some antiseptic and bandages not knowing what condition he was going to find her in.

"
Daryl!"


Rick attempted to grab his attention again as he ran outside past Maggie and Hershel who gave each other a grave look knowing exactly what was happening, also realizing it was better to stay out of it.

Before jumping in the truck Daryl held up two revolvers and a box of amo towards Rick.

"I'm not sure what I'm walking into when I find her so I'm taking the guns and the truck, my bike's too loud and if she's injured… "

His voice trailed off as the possibilities of what could happen to her forced their way into his mind.

Resting his bow on his shoulder he stared back at Rick with complete distain that was as thick as the humid Georgia heat that set heavy on the back of their necks.

Nodding at the obvious question remaining Rick sighed knowing there was nothing he could do or say to stop him.

"Take a right at the intersection where we stopped at that convenience store where Carl found those packets of seeds a couple of weeks ago. Five miles up the road you'll see a big factory, take a left, not far there's a new development. We parted ways in front of a blue house with a broken white fence, you can't miss it. She circled around and drove straight onto route eight. That's all I know."

Daryl placed his bow in the passenger seat before Hershel came up holding an extra gas can silently handing it over to him with a knowing nod.

Daryl nodded back once trying his best to hold in a world of anger still stunned wondering how this could've happened.

Placing his hand on Daryl's shoulder Rick leaned in staring down at the ground for one last ditch effort.

"She could be anywhere by now, please think about what you are about to do. You are needed here; you have a responsibility to this group. What am I supposed to tell everyone?"

Giving him a hard steel glare Daryl shrugged Rick's hand off of his shoulder before jumping in the truck and slamming the door.

"You're back in charge now, I'm sure you'll figure it out."


cDc


Calloused rough fingers gripped the steering wheel as he barreled down towards the row of houses Rick described nervously chewing on his lip as horrid thoughts of could happen to her ran through his mind.

Pulling over by the broken fence he jumped out of the truck with his bow resting on his shoulder as dusk began to fall over the ghost like suburban neighborhood.

It wasn't long before he spotted walkers that were clearly killed by Rick or Carol, shots to the head, half eaten corpse's scattered around where the last bit of bright orange sun peeked over the horizon.

Kneeling down he ran his fingers over tire marks that clearly peeled out in a hurry headed in the direction described by Rick.

Then he saw it, a red handkerchief she sometimes wore around the back of her neck where the sun would beat down on her while she worked carrying barrels of water back and forth, cooking for everyone, driving the walkers away from the fence with those metal poles… or a million other chores she did without being asked.

Slowly, carefully as if it were precious he held it for a few moments just staring at it thinking of her before bringing it close to his lips.

His eyes slid shut as the scent of her lingered against his skin, a mixture of baby powder and sweat so sweet it sent chills along his arms and a feeling lower that he for so long had forced himself to keep under control.

Waves of emotion that he was unprepared for hit him causing tears to form that he instantly wiped away so hard it left dark red marks along the side of his eyes, it was then that he heard it.

The thump of something hitting his truck followed by the grating sound of dress shoes dragging along the road caused him to instantly reach for his bow pulling it forward.

A walker stumbling along his truck dressed in a preacher's outfit with a gold cross swinging back and forth across what was a fancy suit at one time spread his flailing arms out towards him.

Coming back to his senses Daryl stuffed Carol's red handkerchief in his back pocket while quickly positioning his arrow inside his bow.

Stepping over the now truly deceased pastor Daryl roughly rested his boot over the man's forehead before reaching down to pull the arrow from between his eyes.

Raising his eyebrow smirking in a way only Daryl Dixon can before slamming the door shut he looked down at him before peeling away towards route eight.

"Guess God took a vacation huh padre… cause he sure as hell ain't here."


cDc


It was close to midnight now as Daryl drove on trying hard to fight the feeling of dread creeping up from inside his gut.

Besides a lone walker here and there that would show up in his headlights there was nothing for miles.

He had been through so much already he really believed he could handle anything at this point but somehow this was different.

Meryl died helping them, he found him knowing his last moments as a human were spent in redemption.

As horrible as it was there was closure to his brother's passing.

There was finality to it, no wondering if he was out there being tortured, held by the Governor, or walking the Georgia woods as a mindless walker.

The end for Meryl was in a way a chance to finally be free of all the pain he had caused and lived with all these years, it was a purposeful death, and as hard as it was to deal with Daryl could at least live with that.

But Carol…

Rubbing the back of his neck Daryl's stomach twisted knowing of the animals that swept through the country in droves, men bound by no laws. He pictured her stuck on the side of the road out of gas, stocked full of guns and food.

Basically a sitting duck for any assholes desperate enough to do whatever it took to get what they wanted.

Then there were the herds of walkers, the dead, hundreds of them coming out of nowhere, surrounding her car…

"
Fuck!"


Slamming the steering wheel with his fist wishing now that he had laid Rick out with one punch back at the prison he growled out a string of curse words before something shiny caught his eye about a half a mile up the road.

Squinting he stared at the fluctuating light that seemed to be coming from a clump of trees off past a ditch.

The closer he got he slowed down, ruling out an animal he dug inside his duffle bag for a flashlight realizing it was a piece of metal or glass.

Rolling to a slow stop he grabbed one of the revolvers and the flashlight holding it over the gun before stepping out of the truck.

Then he saw it, the back end of the car smashed into a large oak tree as if it were side swiped and had spun around.

His heart started racing, it definitely fit the description that Rick gave him.

Carefully rotating the gun/flashlight back and forth he softly called out to her knowing it was very unlikely she was there.

Hearing no response he quickly surmised what had happened.

Either she was spotted by a group and rammed off the road and somehow got away running into the woods or worse they got her.

Just then he heard a voice, a commanding intimidating bad ass woman's voice coming from behind him.

"
Nice and slow
put the gun on the ground and kick it back towards the sound of my voice."

Relief washed over him like never before in his life as he hung his head silently thanking a God he never believed in before this moment.

Lowering his hand that held the gun he went to turn around when suddenly a bullet ricocheted off the dirt by his foot into the car door.

"
God damn it Carol it's me! Daryl!"


Hearing a shaky sigh followed by his name whispered between the chirping of crickets and the haunting hoot of an owl off in the distance he felt at that moment that it was the most beautiful voice he had ever heard.

Her breathing was labored harsh and way too fast, he thought for sure she was hurt in some way.

"Carol I'm alone, I'm going to turn around now ok?"

Nodding for a second she realized he couldn't see her, clearing her voice she stuttered for a moment.

"A-Alright…"

Placing his gun in the waist of the back of his jeans he slowly turned towards her holding the flashlight to the ground so as not to blind or scare her.

She was still standing there defiant, like a killer, focused with her arms straight out both hands holding the gun towards him cocked and ready.

He had never seen her this way, all the walkers she had killed, all the people she had saved, Carol was hardly defenseless. There was never any doubt that she could by now handle herself.

But for some reason this was different.

Standing before him he gazed over her as if seeing her for the very first time.

Her body was tall and lean; her arms from laborious work were toned, sculpted flexed as she held the gun strong and tough.

Glistening cleavage rose up from her shirt as her shoulders squeezed inward.

The curve of her hips made the most beautiful silhouette leading to her tiny waist and hard bare stomach that clenched with each breath.

His ice blue intense eyes met her cold hard stare finally making a connection.

"Carol, it's
me
, you're safe now, lower the gun."

He had never spoken to her in that tone before, low raspy soothing; like velvet skimming over her skin warming her from the inside out.

Licking her dry lips she slowly nodded letting her arms slowly fall to her side.

Stepping close to her cautiously he wrapped one arm around her resting his hand on her head nestling it in the crook of his neck while he eased the gun from her hand placing it on the hood of the truck.

Awkwardly he now had both arms wrapped around her unsure of what she needed or for that matter
wanted
from him, but somehow knowing that it felt ….
right
.

After letting out a deep trembling breath she sunk into his body letting him take the weight of her so exhausted fearing she would fall if she didn't.

Whispering against his warm skin she let her eyes close as her mouth grazed his shoulder letting out small puffs of air allowing herself to believe that this was real, that he was really here.

"I was strong, just like you taught me… just like you taught me Daryl."

Nodding slowly he held her tight bringing his mouth close to her ear his husky deep voice forcing her to finally let go.

"I knew you would be…
I knew it
."

Before he could finish his sentence she has collapsed in his arms.

Cradling her close to his hard chest he leaned against the truck breathing out a sigh of relief his mind racing as to just what had happened to her.

"It's ok, I've got you now…
I've got you
."

>