


This chapter was written by me and edited by my good friend sakuraphoenix.



Disclaimer: We do not own all House of Anubis, all characters are copy righted by Nickelodeon. We only own our ocs.



House of Hello



POV Peter's



Fabian had opened the door and me along with Mick, Patricia, Mara, and Amber came in. Trudy ran to us, and gave Patricia along with Fabian a hug.


"Where's Joy?" Patricia asked.

"Is Nina here?" asked Fabian.

"And what about Jade?" I asked.

"Oh they're all on their way. It's lovely to see you all." Trudy had given Mick a hug and Mara as well as me.

"Now go into the room, I've been baking all day." Trudy said.

"Oh, yes!" Patricia, Fabian, and I exclaimed.

"Has anybody seen Mira?" Mick asked.

"She'll be coming too, don't worry. Though she may be a bit late." Trudy said.

"What do you mean?" Mick asked

"I just saw her, on the TV! She's at a surf meet." Trudy told us


I had taken my luggage into the common room the same time the others piled into the room. We were all watching Mira's surf meet, but I couldn't help but think I saw this before, but where?


"And Miranda Summers sticks the landing!" One of the sports announcers said

"I'd say she's taking home the gold trophy for sure." The other said

"I'll say. I wish she was here." Mick said

"Careful guys, the pizzas are hot." Mira said while coming out of the kitchen while holding two pizzas

"Mira?! How did you…" Amber started

"It was my idea as a prank. Trudy got here yesterday and recorded my surf meet, which by the way, I really need to thank you Peter for helping me out yesterday." I said

"I knew I saw those moves recently." I said

"Wait, what do you mean?" Mick asked

"Yesterday I kinda 'misplaced' my surfboard, hence the air quotes, when really a rival of mine stole it and hid it so I could be disqualified from the meet if I didn't find it. If Peter didn't help me out by finding it, I wouldn't have gotten this." Mira said while pointing to the trophy she won yesterday

"And I have another question. What did you do to your hair?" Amber asked

"Oh? The pink streak? I wasn't willing to dye my hair completely pink, so I went for a streak. It washes out, eventually." Mira said


Everyone then started talking to Mira about the surf meet before she set down the pizzas before running off somewhere.


'
Back at the good old house, can't wait to see Jade.
' I thought.


POV Jade's



I got out of the car, and I saw Nina along with Mira too. Nina had gotten out of a different taxi while Mira was running up to her.


'
Back at Anubis house, I can't wait to see Peter.
' I thought.


I ran up to Nina and Mira along with my luggage, just in time to see them hugging each other. I still can't believe that they're twins.


"Nina! Mira!" I exclaimed

"Jade!" both Nina and Mira exclaimed.


We gave each other a three-way hug.


"How have you been?" Nina asked.

"Good and you two?" I asked.

"Good, but let's catch up inside the house. I got a few surprises in the oven." Mira said.


We walked with our luggage, minus Mira, until we spotted someone we all recognized.


"Jerome?" we all asked.

"Nina, Mira, Jade. Hello. Welcome back." Jerome greeted.


Jerome started to walk somewhere, but then saw somebody and jumped with his luggage over the wall.


"Why'd he do that?" I asked.

"I don't know, it's Jerome." Mira said then shrugged.

"True." I chuckled.


POV Peter's



We were all in the common room now, Fabian shot a piece of food into Patricia's mouth. Mick and Mara were talking, I was on a couch on the left to Amber. We all saw Joy come in, and Patricia said:


"Joy." Then she had hugged her.

"It's so good to be back." Joy said as Patricia sat back on the couch.

"It's good to have you back Joy." Fabian said.

"Thanks, Fabes." Joy said then looked over to Mick and Mara

"And you two I didn't see that one coming."


Mick and Mara laughed a little.


"Oh, I know. The athlete." Mick said.

"And the mathlete." Mara said.


The two laughed.


"She can't run, and he can't add up." Patricia said.

"Patricia." Joy said.


We had all laughed even Mick and Mara.


'
It's great to be back.
' I thought with a smile.


POV Jade's



Nina had opened the door, and we had walked into the house. Mira had closed the door. We had went into the common room and Joy was saying:


"Fabian got the brownies."


Amber had seen us, and given us a hug while saying our names, minus Mira. When did she get here anyways? I was thinking about that before everyone else had done the same.


"Hi." Nina said hugging Patricia.

"Hey." Mara said hugging Nina as well.

"So how are you two?" Amber asked.

"Still American?" Patricia asked.

"Yeah." We all chorused and laughed.

"Still Patricia?" Nina and Mira asked in unison


Just then Nina had seen Fabian, and I had seen Peter. The two were both smiling at us, me and Nina that is. Like you know Fabian and Nina, me and Peter it felt good to seem again, even if we did video chat.


"Hey." both Nina and I said.

"Hey." both Peter and Fabian said.

"Okay, time to make a discrete exit everyone." Amber said.

"Do you want to see our new room Joy? We share with Mara now." Patricia said.

"What's wrong with our old room?" Joy said.


I had taken Peter's hand, and we went somewhere private to talk.


"So um, how was your flight?" Peter asked.

"Good yours?" I asked.

"I came by a car remember?" Peter asked me

"Oh yeah sorry." I said.

"What did I say now hmm? You never have to be sorry Jade." Peter smiled.

"Right." I smiled at him.


Peter had kissed me on the lips, and I kissed back.


"I missed doing that." I said.

"So did I." Peter said.


We had then hugged each other as well.



POV Mira's



Nina and I went to check where we had hid the staff and the cup of ankh. Nina uncovered the board, and there they were. They still even had a shine.



Flashback...



Nina and I took the both the Staff of Bass and the Cup of ankh out of the place Rufus had placed it in.


"
Take it." William said.


"
Hide it." Sarah said.


"
And keep it safe." both William and Sarah said as they disappeared with their parents.



Nina and I smiled.



End of Flashback



Nina and I smiled at what we held, and just then we heard someone opening the door. We ran to a safe place to hide, especially me. I was holding a five foot tall staff for crying out loud!


"Is somebody in here?" it was Mr. Sweet who had asked that.


Nina and I both relaxed as we soon heard Mr. Sweet leave.



POV Peter's



We saw Mira and Nina coming into the dining room, which we were all at. I held Jade's hand, we both smiled. Nina and Fabian were doing the same thing. Joy came in and said:


"It's gotten all couply in here."

"You're not wrong there Joy." Alfie said as he held Amber's hand.

"Uh what are you doing?" Amber asked letting go of Alfie's hand.

"Being couply." Alfie said.

"So go hold his hand." Amber said pointing to Jerome.

"Your last mail mentioned something about your grandmother coming over?" Fabian asked.

"Yeah, yeah she's coming to visit. She's staying at a hotel in town. She's really excited to meet you all. Especially you, told her a lot about you." Nina said while holding Fabian's hand.

"Yeah, we do breed better geeks over here." Patricia said.


Some had laugh but I didn't, I whispered:


"Same old, Patricia that's for sure."


Amber had whispered something over to Nina, and Jerome's phone had started ringing I had looked at it.


"You're popular for once." Mick said as he looked at Jerome's phone the same time I did

"Who's poopy?" both Mick and I asked.

"My life coach." Jerome said.

"Oh yeah, I almost forgot. You mentioned in your last e-mail about our aunt." Nina said

"Oh yeah, I almost forgot." Mira said

"Our aunt?" Mick asked

"Uh, did we forget to give you guys a memo?" Nina asked

"I'd say yes. Spill." Amber said

"Uh, over the summer, I was interested in doing a family tree thing, so I looked up my parents…" Mira started

"And her parents turned out to be my parents, and we found out that…" Nina started

"We're twins." Mira finished


The whole table seemed to be in shock about their revelation. I was too to be honest. Now the whole Healer-Chosen One thing is making a lot more sense.



Later…


"It's 10 o'clock, you know what that means. You have five minutes precisely, and then I want to hear a pin… drop
."
Victor said as he dropped his pin.

'
Doesn't he ever get tired of that?'
I thought.

"Come on Peter, let's get to the attic and don't make a noise." Fabian said.

"You're making a noise." I noted.


POV Mira's



The girls and I had opened our doors, and we all met up, after I managed to hide the Staff of Bast under what looked like a picnic blanket.


"Do we have anything to pick the lock?" I asked.


Just then the door leading to the Attic had opened. We had all jumped a little with amazement and fright.


"Whoa..." both Patricia and Jade said.

"Welcome back to creepy towers." Patricia said to Nina.

"That's for sure." Jade said to me.

"Maybe this midnight feast should take place in day light. Goodnight." Amber said but Patricia and Nina grabbed her hands.


We went up into the attic, and I had closed the door.



In the Attic…


"Sibuna everybody, welcome back." Amber said.


We had all covered our eye and said:


"Sibuna."

"No trouble getting past Victor then?" Nina asked.

"No, he wasn't in his office." Fabian said.

"Maybe he's finally changed his ways and gone to bed early." I said.

"Well he needs his beauty sleep, he is 101." Amber said.


We had all laughed.


"True that." Jade said.

"Hey, since we're talking about creeps who are obsessed in living forever, I thought you guys would be interested in this." Patricia said holding a piece of paper.


Nina had taken the paper and said:


"It's an obituary for Renee Zeldman."

"Rufus." Alfie, Fabian, Jade, and Mira said.

"My dad's dead?" I choked.


There was silence, and Jade broke it by saying:


"Remember he wasn't your father Peter." She said before holding my hand.

"But... he was the closest thing I ever had to one. I got to get going." I said rushing out of the Attic, with tears coming down my face.


POV Jade's


"Peter wait." I said.

"Leave him alone for now Jade, I think that is what should be best for him." Mira said.

"Right." I nodded.

"I guess he found out he wasn't immortal the hard way." Fabian said.


Alfie had opened up a soda, which spelt on Amber who screamed:


"Alfie."


We had all laughed. Just then we had heard someone coming up.


"What was that?" Mira asked.

"Someone's coming." Alfie said.

"Maybe Peter's coming back." I said.


It was revealed to be Joy who had opened the door slightly.


"Joy, you scared us to death." Patricia said.

"Guys, they're in here." Joy said.

"Nice hang out guys." Mick said.

"I can't believe you're having an Anubis midnight reunion and you didn't invite us." Joy said.

"Surprise!" I exclaimed.


Everyone had followed me, soon after.


"We wanted to welcome you back properly." Patricia said.

"Up here?" Joy asked.

"Yeah." Mira said.

"While I am asleep?" Joy asked.

"Well… yeah are you surprised or what?" Nina asked.

"I'll just get another sheet." Amber said as she went to get another sheet.


Everyone had taken a seat, and Jerome had taken an apple.


"Has anyone seen Peter?" Mara asked.

"He's not feeling well." I said.

"Already on the first day?" Mara asked.

"Emotionally, he's not filling well emotionally." Mira said.

"Oh..." Mara said.


Amber had taken off a sheet, and said:


"Wow..."


POV Peter's


"Dad... you can't be dead." I shook my head in my blanket.


Flashback...



I was turning 8 years, dad was in his studies and he stopped working. He came up to me, and bent down handing me a present for my birthday.


"
Here." Dad smiled. I had opened up the present, it was a big book on Egypt Mythology.


"
This is big. Thank you Father!" I exclaimed with a smile as I had hugged him


"
You're welcome, just remember keep up your studies and you'll always make me proud." Dad smiled at me, and I smiled back.



End of Flashback



POV Jade's



Amber had dropped the doll house on Alfie's foot, who had screamed in pain.


"My toe." Alfie said while jumping around.

"Sorry Alfie, it was heavy." Amber said.

"Shush you two." Mira said.

"I've always wanted a doll house." Amber said.

"Even one that's a replica of a creepy old Anubis house?" Fabian asked.

"I wouldn't want it, that's for sure." I said.

"Where dollies go to die." Alfie said.


We had all laughed at Alfie's joke.



POV Peter's



I tried getting a hold of myself, but I couldn't.



Flashback...


"
That boy is going to die and I... I'm gonna live forever!" Dad exclaimed.



End of Flashback



POV Jade's


"Whoever is up there, come down immediately." Victor said.


We had all gotten up, and gathered our stuff. I had helped Nina, put the doll house back where it belonged.


"Did you hear what I just said?!" Victor asked.


POV Mira's



Jade had closed the door, and Nina along with me had taken out the Staff of Bast, and the Cup of Ankh which Nina hid in her bag while I hid it nearby after I set up the picnic blanket. We tried to find a place to hide them, but we had to hurry!



POV Jade's


"Go to your rooms, immediately. I shall deal with your punishment in the morning. Come along." Victor said.


POV Mira's



We still tried to search for a place to hide the cup and staff.


"Nina Martin, Mira Summers, and Peter Carter are you up there too?" Victor asked.


We had found a place to hide the cup and staff, because we saw two eyes of Horus glowing. Nina used her locket to open one of them while I used my charm bracelet to open the other, and found a hidden shelf and what looked like a locker! What luck! We placed the staff and cup inside the respective locations. Nina then used her locket to close her shelf while I used my charm bracelet to close the locker. We were about to reach the door, but Victor surprised us causing us to jump a little and we have moved back where something fell.


"What are you two playing at?" Victor asked.


House of Dolls



We had found a place to hide the cup and staff, because we saw two eyes of Horus glowing. Nina used her locket to open one of them while I used my charm bracelet to open the other, and found a hidden shelf and what looked like a locker! What luck! We placed the staff and cup inside the respective locations. Nina then used her locket to close her shelf while I used my charm bracelet to close the locker. We were about to reach the door, but Victor surprised us causing us to jump a little and we have moved back where something fell.


"What are you two playing at?" Victor asked.


Victor had pointed to what had fallen.


"Just look what you both have done. Get out, get out!" screamed Victor.


Nina and I ran out of there, and we were about to head down the stairs but then we heard:


"An athenaeum is the place to look; lift the wings to find the book. Hidden in this book of old: water of life and tears of gold."


What on Earth does that mean...
I thought.


The Next Morning POV Jade's



We were in the dining room eating our breakfast when Amber came, followed by Alfie.


"What do you mean you can't remember our arrangement?" asked Alfie.

"I don't make arrangements unless they're within 48 hours in advance. Unless it's spontaneous." Amber said.

"But you promised you'd be my girlfriend last term. I have witnesses." Alfie said.

"Heard it with my own ears." Jerome said.

"Same here." I said.

"Me too." Fabian said.

"Patricia, Joy, help me out here." Amber said.

"Actually Amber, you did say that." Joy said taking something to eat.

"Yes, okay but I thought we were going to die. That's what daddy calls a loop hole." Amber said.


Mira and Nina chuckled at the same time.


"Patricia, what about you?" Amber asked.

"Yeah come on Judge Trixie." Alfie said.

"Okay. No, Amber didn't quiet say that." Patricia said.

"Thank you." Amber said.

"What she actually said was… yes, yes, yes, anything." Patricia said.


Jerome and I laughed.


"Thank you your honor." Alfie said as he and Fabian slapped hands.

"Thanks a bunch. So much for the sisterhood." Amber said.


Joy and Patricia smiled.


"Fabian, was Peter in your room when you woke up?" I asked getting concerned.

"No he wasn't, must have went to school without having any breakfast." Fabian said then shrugged.

"In there yes, I want a word with all of you. Sit down, please. Sit." Victor said as Mick and Mara said when they came in here and sat down.

"So, first night back and already you are up to no good. Well, I shall not stand for your nonsense this term." Victor said as he started walking around, and threw a toothbrush on the table to each of us.

"Do you hear me? Well?" Victor exclaimed.

"Yes Victor." We all said.

"Wait does this mean all of us cleaning one toilet?" Mick asked.

"No, Mr. Campbell, no. It means, all of you cleaning every single toilet in the entire school." Victor said.


We had all moaned.


"Unbelievable." Mira said.

"This is a 50 pound manicure I'll have you know." Amber said.

"He's definitely missed us." Jerome said.

"Very true." I said.


At School…



I had spotted Peter by the lockers, and I ran up to him. I tapped him on his shoulder.


"Hi." I smiled at him.

"Um, hi?" Peter asked in confusion.

"How are you doing from last night? You had me a bit worried." I said.

"A bit jetlagged thanks for asking." Peter said.

"No I mean about in the attic remember? You know, about the obituary?" I asked now confused.

"Not exactly, but got to be heading off to class. Bye." Peter said as he put his books in his bag, and went to class.


Just then I had seen Mira running up to me.


"What's up?" I asked cocking a brow.

"Okay, so last night in the Attic Victor had this doll and it said something about water of life, tears of gold, and some book of old, which can be found in an athenaeum, or something? It had Athena as the first part of the word." Mira said catching her breath.

"I don't know about tears of gold, but an athenaeum is another word for the library." I said.

"Wow, learn something every day I suppose." Mira said.

"And you can guess what water of life means." I said.

"Yeah... the elixir." Mira said.

"Yup." I said.


Just then Mick and Mara walked up to us.


"Hi guys, Mick and I are going into town with Fabian and Nina tomorrow night to catch a movie. Would you and Peter like to come Jade?" Mara asked.

"Yeah sure sounds great, but I just had a weird encounter with him." I said still confused about that.

"Great, I'll text you with the details later on." Mara said.


Mira and I decided to head into our Spanish class, I should see Peter soon.



POV Peter's



I was in Mum's class; I sat behind Fabian and Nina this time.


"Um Joy?" Fabian asked as Joy was sitting in Nina's seat.

"Oh is this… we, we used to share I… I forgot. I'll…" Joy said as she got her stuff and went somewhere else to sit.


Nina had taken her seat, and I had gotten my books out.


"Morning." Mrs. Andrews said.

"Morning Mrs. Andrews." we all said.

"Right uh... world literature. Fairy tales, and folk stories. So will you hand these out? Page 22 please." Mrs. Andrews said.

"Once upon a time there was a poor boy named Alfredo who fell in love with a very beautiful but choosy princess. The princess made Alfredo a promise, but -" Alfie said but was cut off by Amber as she said

"I did not promise, and anyway I took you to the prom. No one can say I took you back." Amber said.


I really hope there's going to be a mystery this year
, I thought.


After Class…


"Hand in work in by Friday please." Mrs. Andrews said.


We had gone to the lounge, and I had seen Jade. I smiled as I walked up to her, feeling a bit better after last night and everything.


"Hi." I smiled.

"Hi, what was all that earlier?" she asked.

"Huh? What do you mean?" I asked in confusion.

"You know when we talked in the halls by the lockers before class?" Jade asked me in a confused tone

"But this is the first time I've talked to you since last night." I said scratching my head.

"Huh?" Jade asked sounding confused.


We could see Fabian, sitting with Joy and Nina choosing which shirt is better.


"No way, Patricia tell him." Joy said.

"I think he looks like a dork in all of them." Patricia said.


Fabian had chosen a pic, and Patricia said:


"Hey it still says you're single Fabian."


Both of them looked over to Nina.


"Uh sorry, I'll change that." Fabian said.


Jade and I had gone somewhere private, mainly to talk about what she was talking about.



POV Mira's



I was putting my books away, while Jade and the others were in the lounge.


"Hi." I heard someone say.


I turned around and it was Peter standing right next to me.


"Oh hey, I thought you were with Jade." I said.

"Who's Jade now?" Peter asked.

"Huh, don't tell me you've forgotten your girlfriend's name now." I said.

"Oh she's my girlfriend..." Peter said.

"Of course silly, you've been going out for nearly a year now. Did you hit your head or something last night while you were in bed?" I asked

"I must have..." Peter said while scratching his head.


POV Jade's



Later on...


"Okay, there it is the Frobisher Library. It's been closed since the 70's; I've always wondered what I was in there ever since Peter showed me it in an old book before." I said.

"Jade… I was talking to Peter today, he acted weird." Mira said.

"So was he, when I was talking to him in the halls. He told me he didn't remember about last night basically. And that he was jetlagged." I said.

"Strange. He should've taken a car, if Andrews really is his mom." Mira said.

"Yeah." I said.

"So do you think this is the library from the riddle?" Mira asked as we continued on walking to it.

"If the doll is as old, as you say it is. Then the library that's in school was probably not built yet, so yeah." I said.


Mira had slightly climbed up the bricks, and peeked inside it she then stepped down. I had opened the door wait a minute...


"It's opened; did your bracelet do that?" I asked.

"Not guilty." Mira said while putting up her hands.


Mira had went inside, and I had followed her soon after.


"Mira, what do you think you're doing?" I said as I followed her in there.

"The goddess Isis is depicted as having wings; perhaps it's some kind of engraving or carving." Victor said.

"It could be anything." Mr. Sweet said.


Mira and I had hid behind a book case.


"What about on one of these book selves?" Mr. Sweet asked as he pulled a sheet off before coughing

"I think it would be highly unlikely, Robert Frobisher-Smythe would hide the Book of Isis on a book shelf Eric." Victor asked.

"Perhaps up here?" Mr. Sweet asked.


Mira and I had moved to another shelf.


"Press the wings, to find the book. Press the wings to find the book." Victor said then he pressed something.

"Eric!" Victor exclaimed as he went somewhere.

"No! It's gone; the Book of Isis is gone." Victor said.


Victor sighed and said:


"The recipe for the elixir eludes me still."

"Perhaps we should face the truth Victor. The elixir is finished, the cup and staff have been destroyed and it's over you said so yourself." Mr. Sweet said.

"If we had the elixir Eric, it would by us time, and with time alternative solutions may present themselves." Victor said.


Just then Mira had moved a little, knocking over some books, and from the other side of the library, someone had done the same.


"What was that?" Mr. Sweet asked.

"You check over there, I'll check here." Victor said.


Victor had started to pull of the sheets, and Mr. Sweet had done so on our row.


'
Oh no, not good
...' I thought.


And done! There's still a lot more to uncover in House of Secrets, and this is only the beginning. What mystery awaits our fellow sibuna members? Will they face any danger, and if so will they be able to solve this mystery without risking their lives in the process? And what's wrong with Peter? Many questions will come, and with more chapters, will come to more answers. Next time on House of Secrets, don't forget to review and we hope you continue to read the story !



~Lyokowarrior1994


>