


A/N: Hi there! This story finally has an author's note. For the ones who've read it before I added this, the website wasn't working very well yesterday and neither was my internet connection. I was surprised that the story even got posted! Anyway, this is my second Junjou Romantica story and I really hope you'll enjoy it. Chapter 2 is in the making, so hopefully I'll be able to post it this weekend. I'll try my best! In the meantime, enjoy the story and please let me know what you think!



Green or blue?

Misaki stared into the mirror. The shirt was a perfect fit and, not unimportant if you were a college student, the price was acceptable as well. The only problem was trying to choose between the different colours.


What would Usagi-san like?


The question seemed to pop up in his head out of nowhere, and Misaki's reflection made it hard to ignore the fact that his cheeks were on fire. It was even worse that he knew the answer. Not so long ago, he'd asked Usagi-san what his favourite colour was. He couldn't remember what had brought the question up, but Usagi-san's answer had echoed around in his head for days after that. He could still recall the conversation perfectly.

"
My favourite colour is green, of course."



When Misaki looked at him questioningly, he added:


"
Misaki's eyes are such a beautiful green. That's why I not only fell in love with you, but also with that colour."



If possible, his cheeks became even more scarlet. This was really getting pathetic. He was just trying on some shirts. In a store. Alone. There was no need to get all flustered just because of a memory.

Frustrated, he put the shirts back on their hangers and opened the curtain.

"Finally! I was beginning to think you had starting living in there!"

A not-so-happy looking boy was waiting outside the fitting room. He was around Misaki's age, maybe a bit younger, with dirty-blond hair and grey eyes. His clothes looked expensive, and Misaki wondered why someone who obviously had a lot of money would come to this shop.

"Well, are you going to stand there all day?" The boy sent him another angry glare and then yelled over his shoulder: "Miyagi! You can use the fitting room now!"

Misaki, who was still standing with the curtain in one hand, felt really uncomfortable. If he hadn't let himself become distracted, he wouldn't have occupied the room for so long. He felt his face, which had just cooled down, heat up again.

"Erm, I'm really sorry…I was trying to figure out which colour was better and I kind of lost track of time…I'm really sorry to have bothered you."

He'd turned his gaze to the ground while speaking, but looked up when a new voice joined the conversation.

"Nah, it's okay, Shinobu-chin here is just a little impatient."

The speaker was a tall man with dark hair, probably somewhere in his thirties. While talking, he ruffled the boy's hair, which made the latter look even more pissed.

"Oi Miyagi, stop treating me like a kid!"

The older man laughed at the comment and withdrew his hand.

"But you
are
a kid, Shinobu-
chin
."

Misaki just stood there, looking back and forth between the two. Strangely, they reminded him of Usagi-san and himself. Could it be… He shook it out of his head before it could become a real thought. There was no way, not everyone was like that. Plus these two had a huge age gap.

"Do I need to remind you of yesterday? I'm sure you didn't see me as a kid
then
, old man."

Miyagi´s eyes widened.

"Shinobu..."

The boy huffed and averted his gaze.

"Yeah, yeah, I know…Go try on those clothes, I'll be in the book store next door."

Shinobu turned and strolled toward the exit, followed by two pairs of eyes.

"Shinobu!" Miyagi called after him, but the boy didn't react. The man sighed and turned back to Misaki.

"I'm sorry about that, he's kind of impossible…Sometimes I don't know what I'm doing with him."

The last part seemed to be muttered to himself, but Misaki heard it anyway. He told himself not to see things, but at the same time he couldn't help but find the situation…suspicious. What would a thirty-somewhat year old man go shopping for with a boy from Misaki's age? Unless they were family...But for some reason, he didn't think that was the case. Plus…what was with that conversation just now?

"Erm…Well, I'll go now," Misaki muttered uncomfortably. He took a few steps forward to let the man enter the fitting room.

"Ah…yes, I should probably try these on," Miyagi responded, gesturing toward the clothes he was holding. He entered the room, but before closing the curtain, he turned to Misaki again.

"By the way, you should definitely buy the green one."


Shinobu exited the shop, but instead of going into the next door book store, he walked toward a nearby bench. Before sitting down, he angrily dropped his bag on the ground, scaring away a little girl who was already sitting on the other end of the bench. A woman, probably the mother, glared at him, but he really didn't care about that. Stupid Miyagi! Always treating him like a little kid, going on and on with his 'Shinobu-chin, Shinobu-chin' even when they were alone. Couldn't he just call him only by his name, like lovers were supposed to do? Okay, so he didn't even call Miyagi by his first name, but that was because he knew the other man wouldn't like it.

Shinobu let out a long sigh. He knew he shouldn't have said what he did in the shop. It was a public place, and that kid – who took
forever
to try on some shirts by the way – was listening in on the conversation. Shinobu understood that they needed to keep it a secret, for the sake of both their reputations. Although he couldn't care less about his own 'reputation', it was important to Miyagi, so he went along with it. Plus, well…he understood Miyagi's other fear. Shinobu was pretty sure his father wasn't going to like it if he found out about their relationship. It would probably result in Miyagi losing his job – if not worse.

He tried to push these thoughts away to a dark and dusty corner of his mind. This was his day with Miyagi, damn it! He would wait for his lover to come out of the shop, and then they would have lunch together. After that…Shinobu felt his face heat up when he thought about what they would do when they were back in Miyagi's apartment.

Out of the corner of his eye, he saw someone exiting the shop. At first he didn't pay much attention to it. Miyagi would need a little longer to try on the clothes, so it couldn't be him. Then he noticed that it was the boy from earlier. He was talking to someone on the phone and it appeared to be quite a heated argument. The boy looked really aggravated, which surprised Shinobu – just now, he had been stuttering the whole time, hadn't he?

The object of his observations didn't notice him staring at first. Only after he'd ended the conversation and put the phone back into his pocket, he looked up and saw Shinobu sitting on the bench. The surprised look on his face made him seem even younger and even more innocent than he probably already was. Shinobu wondered how old this guy was. He hoped for him that he wasn't working yet, because he looked like the type that would get eaten alive.

To his horror, the guy started walking toward him. That wasn't supposed to happen! Miyagi would come out of the shop soon and then they would spend their precious time together. There was no place for some random guy in that! Shinobu tried to give off an 'I
really
don't want to talk'-air, but it was futile.

The boy stopped before him and nervously started playing with the hem of his coat.

"H-hey…erm…I was wondering…could I sit here maybe? Because someone's picking me up, but I have to wait a few minutes and…"

The glare Shinobu sent his way made him break of his sentence. God, this guy really was a softie. Shinobu wondered who had been on the other end of the line, and if he should respect that person for making this guy get mad, or pity them.

Ah well, it wouldn't hurt to let him sit down, would it? Miyagi could come out of the shop any minute now, and they wouldn't even have to talk. Plus he couldn't help but feel a little sorry for him.

With a shrug of his shoulders, he answered: "Sure, go ahead." He was rewarded with a little smile.

After a few minutes of uncomfortable silence, the other boy was the first to open his mouth.

"So erm…I was wondering, that man…is he family?"

Shinobu felt himself stiffen. That was a dangerous question. Determined not to let anything show, he snarled: "None of your fucking business."

Green eyes widened. The boy looked really taken aback. Served him right, for asking such a personal question when they were complete strangers.

It looked like he was going to say something back, probably apologize again, but at that moment, a huge red sports car drove down the street and stopped before the clothes store. A tall, handsome man, dressed in expensive looking clothes, came out of it. He looked around for a moment, then apparently found what he was looking for, and came walking toward their bench.

Shinobu was just asking himself why everyone came to disrupt his peace today, when it hit him. That guy sitting next to him was waiting for a drive. But this couldn't… He turned his head to the side and noticed his neighbour fidgeting and playing with the hem of his jacket again.
Oh.
Apparently, it could.

The newcomer was now standing before him and Shinobu took his time to examine him. He was definitely handsome, with silvery hair, delicate features and very unusual, violet-coloured eyes. Shinobu had the strange feeling that he had seen him somewhere before…Though that would be weird, because this was someone you wouldn't forget very easily.

"Misaki."

His voice was nice too, low and strong. Not as beautiful as Miyagi's, but definitely nice to listen to.

The boy next to him – whose name was Misaki, apparently – grabbed his bag and jumped up.

"Y-yes! I'm ready! Let's go, Usagi-san!" He tugged on the man's sleeve impatiently, but the latter didn't move. Instead, he turned his gaze to Shinobu.

"…Who's this?"

Misaki looked surprised.

"Oh! Ah…this is someone I just met…sort of. He shared his bench with me, that's all. It's no big deal, really!"

Shinobu wondered why he seemed so nervous. Of course it wasn't a big deal, so why pay so much attention to it?

"However…thank you, erm…"

He really didn't want to give his name, but staying silent would be too rude.

"Takatsuki…Shinobu."

"Ah…Thank you very much, Takatsuki-kun!" Misaki flashed a bright smile at him, then turned to the older man again.

"Can we go now, Usagi-san? I've got to make lunch and it's quite late already…"

The man looked at the boy tugging on his sleeve, and Shinobu noticed an affectionate smile creeping on his face.

"That sounds like a wonderful idea, I've been hungry for a while now and I can't wait to have you home."

To Shinobu's surprise, Misaki turned bright red.

The man chuckled and ruffled his hair. Then he turned to Shinobu, gave him a little nod, and headed toward the car, followed by Misaki.

Miyagi exited the shop just when the car drove away. While he was staring after it in awe, Shinobu walked up to him.

"Hey, old man."

"Shinobu!" a surprised Miyagi cried. "Weren't you in the book store?"

He shrugged his shoulders.

"Nah, didn't feel like it."

"You're not still mad, are you?"

Shinobu shook his head. To be honest, he'd already forgotten about the argument. There was something else occupying his thoughts now.

"You'll never guess who was in that car."

Miyagi looked at him questioningly.

"That kid from the store just now."

"Eh? Seriously? He didn't look like he was very rich."

"Yeah, I know. Someone picked him up, though, so it's still possible that he's just an ordinary guy."

While their conversation turned to other subjects, such as what they were going to do for the rest of the day, Shinobu couldn't help but keep thinking about Misaki and the familiar-looking man. How come such a simple guy got picked up by an obviously rich man? They looked very different, too. And what kind of name was 'Usagi-san'?

He thought about the look 'Usagi-san' had on his face while looking at the younger man, and how Misaki's face had turned red. Then, Misaki's question from earlier sprang to his mind.


I was wondering, that man…is he family?


'No, we're not family, Misaki,' Shinobu thought. 'But neither are you and that man.'



Chapter 2 spoilers (couldn't help myself): Misaki doesn't even make it into the kitchen and Todou makes his appearance in the story ;D


>