


For those of you who are reading this for the first time, or maybe if you just wanted to read this again(double thanks if you do btw), I've gone through a few of the first chapters and fixed it a bit. I just fixed some thing I thought didn't fit and reworded some things here or there. None of the major events have changed so don't worry.



Now, please enjoy!



Disclaimer:

I don't own Naruto. The official characters and world belong to Masashi Kishimoto and Shounen Jump.



Chapter 1: The Sun Lily and the Fishcake

Hinata Hyuga is the heiress of the prestigious Hyuga clan. Well, it's better to say she is suppose to be the heir if it wasn't for her younger sister Hanabi Hyuga. Hanabi has proven to have a better mastery of the Hyuga's martial art style, Juuken or Gentle Fist, than Hinata despite being five years younger.

As a result, their father Hiashi has always shown more attention to Hanabi than Hinata. Hiashi had high hopes for Hinata in the beginning but quickly lost faith in her and focused on Hanabi instead. This resulted in Hinata have major confidence problems. Since nobody in the clan ever supported Hinata and claimed her to be weak, it stuck with her psychologically. She thinks she is weak, therefore she will become weak.

The only two people who ever supported Hinata, was her bodyguard Ko and her mother. Sadly, Hinata's mother passed away when she was five. Hinata would get the support from her mother when her father would never give it to her. Hinata's shy, quiet, and kind nature came from her mother more than likely was a result from always being around her mother. Since the Hyuga tend to be very strict in blunt in their ways, Hinata's personality doesn't blend in well.

Another way Hinata feels she doesn't fit in. However, she's fine with her personality as she's stated before.

She was being escorted through the village by her bodyguard Ko while he was planning to show her the Leaf Village's ninja academy. Hiashi enrolled Hinata in the ninja academy as a last effort for her to develop her skills. It is extremely rare for a Hyuga of the main branch, especially an heir, to attend the ninja academy. The only Hyugas you would ever see in the ninja academy were from lesser branches.

Even though Hinata knew this was basically a punishment for her weakness, she didn't care. When she was training at home people would call her names like "The Hyuga Defect" or terms like "Failure" and "Loser". One time she heard someone call her "The Bane of the Hyuga Clan". Honestly, she would rather train in a cave than at home where she was constantly criticized.

Hinata and Ko were currently walking in the middle of the village when they suddenly heard screaming. Hinata looked back to see a crowd of people looking at a spiky haired blonde boy screaming at the top of his lungs. He said, "You all just watch, I am definitely going to be Hokage one day! I'm going to show you all!"

The boy than ran until he was out of sight.

'Who was that boy?' thought Hinata. 'He looked really sad…'

Meanwhile, the villagers were all murmuring amongst themselves.

"What an awful boy."

"Why won't he just die already?"

"That Nine-Tails is the worst."

'Nine-Tails?' Hinata thought. 'That sure is weird name.'

"Hey Ko, who's the Nine-Tails?"

Ko looked at Hinata like he forgot she was there. For a moment, he had a glare of disgust in the direction that boy ran. "Oh, it's nothing you need to worry about Lady Hinata. But no matter what, you must stay away from that boy. He's dangerous. Now let's go. The academy is a little ways away."

Hinata wanted to ask more about that boy. She wanted to know more about this Nine-Tails. Why did everybody hate it? What did that boy have to do with it? As far as she was concerned, he certainly didn't look dangerous. She was going to ask but Ko had already started walking again, which signaled that he was done talking about it.

'Guess I'll just ask another time then,' thought Hinata.

Hinata and Ko finally arrived in front of the ninja academy. It was bigger than Hinata would have thought.

"Tomorrow, you're going to attend this academy Lady Hinata," said Ko. "As you know, the ninja academy is where people go to become Genin. When you become a Genin, you'll be assigned to a team and conduct ninja missions."

Hinata knew that ninja missions, most of the time, had a possibility of death. It was one of the reasons why members of the main branch never attended, besides nobility. It's why many people were opposed to Hinata becoming a Genin. The only time the Hyuga main branch left the village is when it was a political affair with another village or a special mission.

Hinata was nervous as thoughts of her being weak kept plaguing her mind. She knew that she would have to support top grades. It was important that a Hyuga be the best, especially the heir to the main house. Hinata was very smart when it came to puzzles and memorization. Her only problem was physical ability.

"I hope I can succeed..." said Hinata.

"Of course you can. You just have to believe in yourself."

When Ko finished, Hinata could hear a screeching sound behind her. She turned around to see that spiky haired blonde boy was on an old wooden swing attached to a tree. He was alone with his eyes closed and his head hanging down. When she took a closer look there was a spiral fish cake design on his shirt. The type of fish cake you would put in ramen.

'That boy again...' said Hinata.

She still didn't think the boy looked dangerous. It was more like he wanted a friend which Hinata understood all too well. With her mom gone, nobody really tried to be Hinata's friend except Ko, and she was barely going to see Ko anymore with the academy starting. Her dad didn't even speak to her anymore and she has been estranged with her sister ever since she started her Gentle Fist training. Hinata felt she was all alone, just like that boy. She wondered if people called him a failure or a loser like people called her.

'Maybe I should say hi...'

Ko looked around and the moment he saw the boy, that same look of disgust that was on his face earlier had reappeared. "Let's go Lady Hinata."

"But why?"

She really couldn't understand why Ko hated that boy so much. Ko was never a hateful person. In many ways, Ko was kind and accepting just like her. She had never seen him show such dislike to anybody else, let alone a child. She wondered if it had something to do with whatever the Nine-Tails is.

"Ko, do you hate the Nine-Tails?"

Ko gave her a bewildered look. "It's nothing Lady Hinata. Come along, it's time for your training." Ko pulled Hinata along before she could ask more questions.

'You really are observant, Lady Hinata,' thought Ko.

As soon as Hinata got home she changed into her custom training attire. A black shirt and pants with a black band tied around her waist. She dreadfully got ready for her training. Since Hiashi always preferred training Hanabi, he assigned Hinata an instructor for her Gentle Fist training. The instructors were never nice. They always insulted Hinata when she did things wrong. Even if she did something right they would still try to find a flaw.

Ko looked at Hinata and noticed her misery. "I know your father can seem harsh, but it's only because he has really high hopes for you."

Hinata nodded than made her way to the training room and was surprised to find Hiashi and Hanabi. Hinata looked at Ko and he seemed surprised too. Hiashi never came to Hinata sparring lessons. The last time Hiashi came to see Hinata spar was when her training was beginning and that was only because he taught her himself.

"Hinata, today I would like you to spar against your sister Hanabi," said Hiashi.

Hinata was stunned. Even though you could tell that Hanabi was tougher, her and Hinata had never fought before.

"Hinata, I trust you're ready?"

Of course Hinata wasn't ready. She had to fight her little sister without notice. Even though Hinata isn't as close to Hanabi as before, she felt conflicted hurting her. However, she wouldn't dare disobey her father.

"Yes."

"Good. Take your places."

Hinata and Hanabi took their respected places on both sides of the stage. Hinata looked at Ko who gave her a reassuring smile. Hiashi simply crossed his arms in wait. What bothered Hinata so much, is her sister wasn't showing any emotion. She didn't look conflicted at fighting Hinata at all.

'It almost looks as if she wants to hurt me,' Hinata thought. 'It's like I'm a total stranger to her.' Even though they barely talked, Hinata still felt the need to protect her sister. Clearly, as far as she could tell, the feelings weren't mutual.

They both took their fighting stances and Hanabi wasted no time charging at Hinata. Hanabi was so fast, Hinata could only dodge. Hinata attempted to strike but Hanabi blocked that and thrust her palm into Hinata's abdomen.

"Gah!" blurted Hinata. 'Is she really this tough?' thought Hinata. 'Or is it I'm just really weak?'

Hanabi charged again and Hinata was forced to defend in fear of being struck again. Hinata watched closely for any kind of opening and she found one. Hanabi did a two palm thrust at her chest but Hinata ducked and gave Hanabi a palm thrust that shoved her back. Ko smiled and Hiashi raised an eyebrow

'Nobody has been able to hit Hanabi like that...' thought Hiashi. 'Maybe there is hope for Hinata after all.'

Hinata saw Hanabi kneeling down and then she jumped in the air to give one last strike. 'I'll try to not use my full power so it won't hurt her too much,' Hinata thought.

However, she never got the chance. Hanabi, quick as lightning, jumped in the air and did a midair kick to Hinata's stomach. Hinata automatically had the wind knocked out of her as she landed on the floor with a harsh thud, with Hanabi standing over her in victory. Ko gasped at Hinata's defeat.

Hiashi thought, ' Or maybe I was mistaken.' Hiashi shook his head in disappointment and signaled for Hanabi to leave with him. Hanabi looked at Hinata and then left. Hinata sat on her knees with her hands on the floor and shed tears of despair.

'Why am I so weak?' thought Hinata. 'Everybody is right. I'm a loser and a failure. I wish I could be stronger and not be such a burden to my clan.'

Hinata continued to cry as Ko walked up to comfort her. However, as soon as Ko got to Hinata, she burst out of the room and ran into the streets of the village.

"Lady Hinata!" Ko shouted. "Damn it!" Ko ran off to search for her.

Hinata kept her head down as she ran as fast as she could. She wanted to escape the Hyuga Clan, escape her duties, and escape her life. Hinata figured if she ran fast enough, she could escape everything.

She didn't even notice the cold air biting at her fair skin while a light snow fall seemed to have enveloped the village at some time. The only sound she could hear was the snow crunching at her feet

'I'm sorry Mom,' thought Hinata. 'I promised you I'd be a good Hyuga, and all I do is fail.'

She kept running until she collided with a squishy object. When she looked up she realized what just happen. She ran was running without looking until she hit a kid and knocked his ice cream to the ground. In total, there were three boys all looking at her in shock. Before they could do anything Hinata ran in fright.

"Hey!" said one of the kids. "Get her!"

Hinata managed to make it to the small woods next to the academy until they caught her. The three boys started talking.

"Thought you would run of without telling us you're sorry huh? How rude."

"Hey check out her eyes, there the same as Neji Hyuga's. She must be a Hyuga too and stuck up like them because of her family's talent."

"I'm not like that at all..." Hinata said softly. Hinata tried to run again but one of them grabbed her by the arm and shoved her back.

"Trying to run off without saying sorry again? What a jerk!"

The pint-sized kid with the hat shoved her to the ground until she was on her knees. "Hey, say your sorry and you better mean it."

"I'm sorry..." Hinata said softly.

"That's not good enough! Say it like you mean it!" The chubby one shoved her head farther to the ground. "Apologize nicely."

Hinata was now starting to cry again. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry," cried Hinata. Tears started flowing down on the ground. It seemed no matter what she did, she always ended up in tears because of her own weakness. She felt she was about to slip into total despair, until she heard a familiar voice.

"Hey, knock it off," Hinata turned to see, for the third time today, the spiky haired blonde boy.

"What do you want?" one of the boys said. "Hey it's that kid everyone hates, the one that always gets into trouble."

"Oh yeah... that guy." All three boys burst out into laughter.

"I'm not that guy, I'm Naruto Uzumaki. The next Hokage, believe it!"

"Hokage?!" all three boys said at the same time. They all began laughing again. "Are you crazy? You sure are a stupid kid!"

'It's him again...' Hinata thought. Upon closer inspection she could see he had bright blue eyes and three stripes on each cheek. 'Is that normal?'

"Get real! There's no way an idiot like you can ever be Hokage!" The kid with the hat proceeded to punch Naruto in the face. Hinata gasped. However, it wasn't long before Naruto struggled back to his feet and smiled. "You wanna fight kid?"

Naruto continued to smile. "You better not regret this you three." Then he threw up a hand seal.

All three of them gasped "That's a hand seal!"

Hinata also gasped. 'Can he use Ninjutsu at his age?' Hinata had already been told what Ninjutsu is. Ninjutsu is when a ninja uses special movements or hand signs to manipulate the chakra in their bodies to use special attacks and abilities. They can be really strong. It's really rare for a kid Hinata's or Naruto's age to be able to use them.

"Shadow Clone..." started Naruto.

"No way!" said all three boys.

"Jutsu!" screamed Naruto. There was a puff of white smoke and when it dissipated, another Naruto appeared. Only, there were some problems. First of all, the clone was all wobbly like it was made out of paper. Also, it couldn't keep its footing so it fell face first on the snow. The three boys busted into their loudest laughs yet.

"Ha! That was pathetic!"

Hinata gave a comical sad face to the defective clone. Naruto took this opportunity to tackle the kid with the hat while they were laughing.

"Ha, caught you off guard! How do you like that? Now listen up, I'm definitely going to become Hokage and I'll prove everybody wrong!" Naruto got a few hits on the kid but the other two kids pulled Naruto off and proceeded to beat him up.

Hinata wanted to do something but she didn't know what she could do. It's not like she could take them all on. 'I can't even beat my little sister.' thought Hinata. She simply closed her eyes and turned her head from the ugly scene.

Finally, after it appeared the boys had their fill, they left while still laughing heartily. After they were gone, Hinata went to check on Naruto who had bruises on his face. Also, she noticed that those boys destroyed the scarf he was wearing.

"Are you alright?" asked Hinata.

"I'm fine…" Despite his answer, he was obviously feeling a mix of discomfort and embarrassment.

"Um… sorry about your scarf…"

Naruto simply shrugged his shoulders signaling that he didn't really care. After brushing himself off, he waved and then ran off in another direction leaving Hinata alone.

'Why did he stand up for me? Wasn't he scared?'

Hinata actually smiled as she thought about how courageous a person he must be. She could hear Ko yelling in the distance, but she kept hugging the destroyed scarf she picked up while thinking of the mysterious boy.

"I'll become strong too. Then, maybe one day, I can protect him instead…'

VVV

It had been five years since that event.

The calm woods of the Leaf Village had become a place that appealed to Hinata greatly. It was a place where she found peace. It's also the place where she would see the person she admired the most, Naruto Uzumaki.

"Come on you stupid shuriken!" screamed Naruto. "Hit the center already!" Naruto threw the shuriken and they hit everywhere, except the target.

'Oh Naruto...'

Over the years, Hinata has grown accustomed to observing Naruto train. She always admired how even though he would fail and struggle he would still try his very best. Pretty much everyone always put down Naruto, similar to Hinata.

'Okay, maybe today I can…' She tried to step from behind the tree but her legs wouldn't allow her. 'I still can't talk to him?'

Hinata had tried to face Naruto ever since he saved her from those bullies five years ago. Every time she would try she froze up, start panicking, and then hid. One time Naruto actually talked to her when they bumped into each other in the hallways at the academy.

Flashback

Hinata was running to class at the Hidden Leaf's ninja academy because she was late, which was rare. When she turned the last corner, she bumped into someone and collapsed on the ground.

"Ow," sounded Hinata. She looked towards the person so she could apologize. As soon as she saw who it was, she immediately turned as red as a tomato.

"Hey, are you okay Hinata?" asked Naruto. Despite never speaking, Naruto remembered Hinata's name because they shared the same class, much to Hinata's happiness.

'He remembered my name?' happily thought Hinata.

"Man you look red, are you feeling okay?"

'Now he's worried about me?'

"Here, let me help you up." He reached out and grabbed Hinata's hand to help her up causing her to turn an even brighter shade of red.

'He's g-g-grabbing my h-h-hand!?' She always had a stuttering problem, as pointed out by her father, but this was the first time it was so bad she stuttered inside of her head. Before Naruto could lift her up, something happened for the first time in Hinata's life...

She fainted.

"Hey what's wrong Hinata?!" shouted a very confused Naruto. "Help, somebody help!"

Twenty minutes later, Hinata woke up in the academy infirmary bed. When the nurse saw her she smiled.

"You're finally awake," said the nurse.

"W-What happened to me?" asked Hinata grabbing her head.

"You don't remember dear? You suddenly passed out in the hallway and then your little friend carried you here. You know, the blonde one?"

"Naruto... c-c-carried me?" Hinata turned red again and then... fainted, again.

"I sure hope this doesn't become a habit for her..."

/Flashback

That incident was four years ago, but it was still fresh in Hinata's mind. It became clear to her that she couldn't mentally be around Naruto too closely, let alone talk to him. The only time they ever talked is when they would say hi, and that wasn't often. She simply settled with observing him from a distance.

"This time I'll defiantly get! Here we go! " Naruto threw his shuriken and, once again, hit everything but the center. "Crap!"

She wanted to help Naruto so bad, but she just couldn't bring up the courage to talk to him. 'What if he thinks I'm creepy for watching him and never talks to me again...' thought Hinata.

It would kill her inside to never be able to talk to Naruto. 'What if I just faint again?' Hinata honestly could never figure out why she couldn't control herself around Naruto. She admired him greatly of course, but she still didn't think that was it. What is it that makes me lose control she always thought? Why do I suddenly fall apart?

"Well, I guess I'll have to try tomorrow," said Naruto.

He was sweating bullets and his breathing was heavy. He was training non stop for hours. He started walking away and he didn't notice Hinata at all. Hinata didn't know how, but the only thing she considered herself good at is concealing her presence. She could literally erase her presence so well, it was like she was invisible. Ko praised her once about this telling her how important that skill is for a ninja.

"Naruto," Hinata whispered. "I'm sorry." Hinata clenched her fists violently trying to hold back the tears she felt coming. 'I can't even help him…'

Hinata knew what it's like not having any help or support. For her, since she had poor help and support, she has had trouble developing her entire life. Since Naruto never has support, he tries to do it all himself by trial and error, therefore slowing his growth significantly both physically and mentally.

She decided it was time to leave and she proceeded to walk home. It was sunset, and the orange glow showed throughout the entire village. Hinata had a hobby of going up to the Hokage monument and watching the sunset from there every once in a while.

However, despite the nice scenery, she was still thinking about the situation with Naruto. She at first was curious about him and then she began to admire him, then she greatly admired him, then she wanted to be just like him, and now...

'What has my admiration evolved into now?' she continued to think. 'Could it be that I really...?'

"Like him..." said Hinata.

"Like who?" said a familiar voice. When Hinata turned to see who it was. It was the two most popular girls in her class which was Sakura and Ino.

"H-Huh?" stuttered Hinata

"You just said you liked someone Hinata," answered Sakura.

"Oh sorry. I was just thinking out loud for a second." Hinata realized she was in the center of the village and it was bustling with afternoon activity.

'How lost in thought was I?' wondered Hinata.

"Oh come on Hinata," began Ino with a devilish smirk. "You can tell us who you like. We won't say anything."

"Please Ino-pig," replied Sakura. "Everybody knows you're the Gossip Queen of the Hidden Leaf." Sakura proceeded to do a bow in front of Ino like she was a real queen. Hinata couldn't help but giggle.

"Look here billboard brow! At least I don't have the broadest forehead in the Hidden Leaf!" Ino proceeded to check her reflection in Sakura forehead.

The two gave a death glare to each other. They proceeded to throw multiple insults at each other so quickly, Hinata couldn't even follow anymore. As the two were arguing, they suddenly stopped and looked behind Hinata. Walking by them was none other than this year's top rookie in the ninja academy, Sasuke Uchiha.

He didn't as much as glance in their direction but Sakura and Ino were gawking and drooling like he was some almighty statue while Hinata simply stared. Hinata never knew why, but she always got a weird vibe from Sasuke. Of course Hinata seemed to be the only girl who wasn't crazy over him. Sakura and Ino looked at each other again and fussed over Sasuke.

"He's mine billboard brow!"

"In your dreams Ino-pig!"

Hinata knew that the only reason Ino and Sakura didn't get along well anymore was because they were constantly competing over Sasuke. In her opinion the only reason people liked Sasuke because he acts cool and distant, plus he's the last of his clan so girls think of him like a prince. Hinata did have to admit though that Sasuke is one of the true geniuses of her generation. He never made any mistakes.

'A true genius, just like him,' thought Hinata. Hinata then pictured her cousin in her mind and she quickly abandoned the picture.

Hinata wanted to talk a little more with Ino and Sakura but saw they were still at war so she politely bowed and then proceeded home. When Hinata arrived at the Hyuga Estate, she saw Ko waiting for her at the entrance like always. Since Hinata was old enough to walk around by herself, all Ko had to do was make sure she got home safely by waiting at the gate around curfew.

"Hello Ko," greeted Hinata

"Nice to see you Lady Hinata," replied Ko who proceeded to respectfully bow. "Dinner has already been prepared."

"You don't have to-" Hinata froze.

She felt this presence watching her she looked the other way to see her cousin, Neji Hyuga, leaning against the wall. He was giving her a glare like he always did. It's sad because Neji is technically one of Hinata's bodyguards.

Neji despised the main branch family for two reasons. The first is the caged bird seal that Hiashi put on him when he was younger. The second is the event between Hinata and Neji's father who are twin brothers. Hinata was almost kidnapped by a hidden cloud ninja and Hiashi killed him instantly. They demanded Hiashi's death, but Neji's father Hizashi took his place instead. Since this, Neji has despised the main branch, including Hinata. Ko informed Hinata of all this when she asked why Neji hated her so much. Hinata remembered that before his father's death, he was incredibly kind and carefree.

Neji was, like Sasuke, one of the greatest geniuses of our generation. Despite being in the side branch, his talents and potential exceed that of many of the main branch. Hinata and Neji have spared multiple times and Hinata always got dominated. She never could hit him even once. The worst part is through the whole thing he would call Hinata a failure and tell her she can never change.

"You heard Ko Lady Hinata," said Neji closing his eyes. "Dinners ready."

"Yes." Hinata proceeded to walk in with Ko following.

"Lady Hinata,' began Ko. "Please don't mind Neji. He just doesn't understand yet."

Hinata shook her head in acceptance.

"By the way, when you wake up tomorrow, I've prepared a new ninja uniform I thought you might like. I would have done it earlier, but it slipped my mind. I know how you like your clothes so I bought some for you."

"You know, there is no guarantee I'll pass. I wouldn't want you to waste your money."

"Then I guess you just have to pass."

Hinata smiled as she appreciated the confidence he had in her. "What do they look like? Can I see?"

"Don't worry. They will be prepared on your desk tomorrow when you wake up."

Hinata nodded then went to the kitchen table where dinner was already set. At the table, like always, was Hiashi and Hanabi. There was an empty chair no one ever touched on the right-hand side. The chair belonged to Hinata's mother before her death. Hiashi commanded that no one remove the chair and that it be constantly dusted and cleaned. Hinata always knew that no matter what, her dad loved her mom greatly.

They all ate and as usual it was dead silent. Hiashi never really talked to Hinata since he started training Hanabi. Hanabi never really talked that much anymore period. They all ate then left. Hinata was the last one at the table as she was always a slower eater out of the trio.

When she finished, she went to her room and got ready for bed. She knew tomorrow would be the graduation test. It would either be on the Clone Jutsu or Transformation Jutsu. These techniques were simple for Hinata, but then she thought about Naruto. She remembered at school earlier today, before she observed Naruto training, they all had to do the Transformation Jutsu and Naruto did his infamous Sexy Jutsu, much to the anger of Iruka. Hinata actually thought it was kind of funny.

'Please, let Naruto pass,' thought Hinata.

"Until tomorrow."



Author's Note



1. If you have predictions or maybe you just want to comment, feel free.


>