


Awesome! I'm about to enter my favorite arc in all of Naruto!



Oh… and happy early birthday Hinata!



Disclaimer:

I don't own Naruto. The official characters and world belong to Masashi Kishimoto and Shounen Jump.



Chapter 18: Unlike Minds

"Lady Hinata," announced Natsu waking the sleeping Hyuga. Natsu would usually be taking care of her sister Hanabi, but since Ko was away on a mission, she helped Hinata out for the time being.

"Natsu?" Hinata muttered rising out of bed and rubbing her eyes.

"You must be training very hard lately. Ever since you got back from that mission, you've been sleeping a lot."

It had been over a week since Team Eight returned to the village after their confrontation with Ameyuri Ringo. Since that time, Kurenai had been putting them through tough training in preparation for the upcoming Chunin Exams. As the name would suggest, it was a Genin's opportunity to rank up through a harsh tournament filled with several challenges. It wasn't often that rookies like them participated, but Kurenai had so much faith in them that she insisted. Kiba and Shino were all for it, but Hinata was still hesitant.

"We've been training so much lately. By the time I got back home yesterday, I was already so tired."

"Sounds like you're working hard. Breakfast will be ready shortly, so hurry when you're ready… or you could just summon your lion to carry you in a flash."

Hinata sweatdropped as Natsu walked away. This little gag had been circulating around her ever since she arrived back. Word had gotten out that Team Eight had defeated Ameyuri Ringo, which would have been bigger news if Team Seven hadn't done the same thing with another Seven Swordsman of the Mist, Zabuza Momochi. However, the details about how she was defeated became… contorted.

Since Kiba had pretty much given all the credit to Hinata for the win, some interesting rumors had gotten started. Some people said that she had summoned a divine line goddess from above while others said that she was actually a lion that had taken human form. What should've been a major accomplishment for the whole team, was instead a joking matter that revolved around her. Hinata had always wanted people to acknowledge her talents, but this wasn't what she had in mind.

After Hinata washed up, she put on her clothes. Lately, she hadn't been wearing her usual ninja gear, but some new clothing she had gotten. She had started wearing a lavender and white short-sleeved hoodie with dark navy shorts and the usual shinobi sandals. She fastened her headband around her neck before strapping her kunai holster to her right leg. Her left arm had developed burn marks on them from improperly using her Lion Fist, so she still left that arm bandaged.

The delicious smell of breakfast barraged her when she entered the kitchen to see her sister Hanabi was already there. The relationship between the two sisters had been odd lately. Normally, the two would carry on with their duties while Hanabi disregarded her. Lately, she's seen Hanabi act sort of strange.

Hinata was quietly eating and looking down at her plate. She glanced up for a second to meet the eyes of her sister who looked away immediately. Hinata looked back down and repeated the action again, which got her the same result. This was a strange occurrence that seemed to be coming out of nowhere. There were times she'd be training or studying and she catch her looking. Honestly, it reminded her a little bit of how she'd observe Naruto. She didn't know if her sister would give a direct answer as to why she was doing it, but she decided to ask anyway.

"Um, Hanabi?" began Hinata getting her sister's attention. "Is something wrong?"

"Why would you think something's wrong?" she replied not making eye contact.

"It's just… you've been watching me the past few days. It isn't bothering me or anything, but I just thought it was strange since you don't really talk to me anymore. If there's someone bothering you-" Hinata stopped mid-sentence when she noticed a shocking development. Her sister, who always kept composed, was getting completely red in the face. "… Hanabi?"

"You… saw me?"

"Well, I just happened to notice you a few times. I don't mind, but I just wanted to know why?" Hinata was trying her best to be as nice as she could, but her sister still looked flustered.

"I wasn't watching you! I was… passing by and I just happened to pass you! You completely misunderstood Elder Sister!"

Hinata was completely taken aback. Her perfect sister was clearly embarrassed and she was making up things that weren't true. It was shocking how similar she looked to Hinata if she was asked this kind of question. The difference was that Hinata would be more withdrawn and reserved while her sister looked overly aggressive.

"…" Hanabi looked like she wanted to say something else, but she hopped up and ran away. Hinata, who wasn't sure what to do, looked back to see the grinning face of Natsu who observed that whole awkward conversation.

"Did I do something wrong?" asked Hinata.

"You can be a little naive at times, Lady Hinata," replied Natsu laughing under her breath.

After that bizarre start to the day, Hinata finished her meal and set out for the usual training spot. As it was, she was running behind her normal pace so she quickly arrived at the courtyard of the estate. Like he did on occasion, her father was sitting on the steps sipping his tea. Throughout the week, they hadn't really communicated. She was expecting him to just ignore her as she walked by, but he cleared his throat and began speaking.

"You're off Hinata?" he asked.

"Yes."

"You've been doing good lately. Keep it up."

Hinata turned her gaze downward since she was expecting something harsh to come, but it didn't. To anyone, that sounded like a simple compliment. To her, those few words meant a lot. She couldn't even remember the last time her father really complimented her. Even with something amazing like her team completing an S-rank mission, she didn't expect the man who basically disinherited her to show her praise.

"Is something the matter?" he asked noticing his daughters expression.

"N-No. Thank you, Father." She ran past the gates of the estate with a smile forming on her face. It's been a long time since her day has started as nice as it has. The beautiful rays of sunshine illuminating the village only added to her joy. With the way she was feeling right now, she felt like nothing could bring her down.

"Ouch!" yelped Hinata when she felt herself collide with something. She winced a bit when she hit the ground and rubbed her head. Ironically, those moments of exuberance made her lose focus of her surroundings. Blushing with embarrassment, she got of the ground and bowed immediately to whoever she bumped into.

"I'm so sorry," she stated. She looked up to examine the individual she hit. It turned out to be a group of three dressed in ninja gear. What caught her eye was the music note symbol on their headbands, 'These three are from another village…' she thought.

"Watch where the hell you're going!" exclaimed a guy with spiky hair and a sour expression.

"Check it out you two," began a woman with long black hair. "This one's with the Leaf. Also, judging by those eyes, she's a Hyuga."

"Is that right?" asked the guy who developed a devious grin.

"Zaku, Kin, we don't have time for this," commanded another member who was heavily bandaged and sharply hunched over.

"Relax Dasu," said Zaku. "We're standing in front of a prestigious member of the Hyuga clan. I hear that you guys are nothing but a bunch of pretentious snobs." Zaku walked so close to Hinata that his shadow enveloped her. "That pisses me off."

"T-That's not true…" These guys obviously weren't the friendliest of people. She tried her best to be civilized, but they seemed to be having fun antagonizing her.

"Since you're a Leaf ninja, you're taking part of the Chunin Exams right? How about a little spar?"

"I-I have somewhere to be," answered Hinata turning her back to them before running. "I'm sorry." Hinata, who still was on alert, ducked when she felt a presence coming from behind her. If she hadn't ducked when she did, Zaku would have landed a kick to her head. The moment she saw the chance, she created separation while keeping her eyes glued on her attacker.

"Not bad," began Zaku. "I didn't think you'd notice me."

'If I didn't dodge that just now…' thought Hinata who didn't want to think about how much it would have hurt.

"Picking on the little Leaf ninja?" teased Kin.

"I'm just scoping out the competition. If the rest of the ninja are like this girl, this exam is going to be a breeze."

Despite his rude words, she still wanted to avoid a confrontation. However, it looked like Zaku was intent on fighting. The three seemed to have some knowledge of Hyuga, but Hinata had no idea what to expect. In her studies, she had to remember every insignia she could, but she couldn't think of where their symbols come from. Both running and fighting seemed risky since she didn't know what techniques to expect.

"Here I come…" he muttered before charging at Hinata again. She was about to activate her Byakugan until she saw a kunai come out of nowhere and land in between Zaku and her. "What the…"

Hinata's eyes widened when she saw who it was. "Brother Neji?"

"Leave now," Neji said while ignoring Hinata and staring daggers at the trio.

"Another Hyuga?" began Zaku raising his balled up fists at them. "Fine by me. I'll take you both down."

'Does he have something in his hand?' thought Hinata.

"Zaku, enough!" exclaimed Dasu. "The girl is on thing, but if you were to take on both of them, you wouldn't get away unscathed. You can fight all you want come the Chunin Exams so let's go."

Zaku grunted before turning his back on the Hyuga. "Tch, whatever."

"Later," winked Kin before the trio walked away.

"Bumping into someone like that is unbecoming of a ninja, Lady Hinata."

"You were watching the whole time?" She wondered what he would have done if she hadn't dodged that earlier attack.

"Those three are gone now so get going." Before she could get another word in, Neji left in a flash. She narrowed her eyes as her joyous mood had disappeared. Upon seeing Neji, a sudden realization dawned on her.

'Since we're both going to participate in the Chunin Exams, what will happen if we face each other?'

She was completely aware of Neji's hate towards her because of the situation with her father. Every time the two would spar, Neji would beat her continuously while berating her at the same time. Imagining what he would do if they were to fight sent shivers throughout her body. She blocked out the disturbing thoughts and silently hoped it wouldn't come to that.

VVV

"I'm here," announced Hinata who had finally arrived at the training spot.

"What gives Hinata?" asked Kiba with Akamaru resting on top of his head. "You're usually the first one here."

"I overslept a little and ran into… trouble."

"Define trouble," asked Kurenai who looked interested.

"Well, I accidentally bumped into a group of ninjas competing in the Chunin Exams. If it wasn't for some help, it might have gotten bad."

"They attacked you?" asked Shino. She thought that he sounded agitated based on his tone, but it was tough to tell.

"… Yeah."

"Were they from the Leaf?" asked Kurenai. Hinata was puzzled by her sensei's expression. She looked more serious than the situation warranted.

"No. Their headbands had a music note on it."

"Really…" Her expression calmed to a more stoic one.

'Why did she get so worked up just now?' thought Hinata.

"I say we track down those bastards and make them regret messing with Team Eight!" snarled Kiba.

"That's not a good plan," began Shino. "It's because attacking ninjas from another village like that could start an international dispute."

"That's right," agreed Kurenai. "Also, there's something extremely combustible when you add Hinata. Attacking a Hyuga of the main branch without authorization is a severe crime within our own village. They probably didn't know who you really were, or they just didn't care."

"Which village are they from sensei?" asked Hinata. "I don't remember any symbol like the one they had."

"Based on your description, they're probably ninjas from the Hidden Sound. It's a small and ambiguous village. They go relatively unnoticed so it makes sense you wouldn't hear of them."

"Enemies like that could prove troublesome," added Shino. "If they really are competing in the Chunin Exams, we won't know what kind of moves they use. When they attacked you Hinata, did you notice anything weird?"

Hinata tried to think of any strange details she noticed, but she couldn't consider any. "We didn't really fight. One of their members tried to kick me, but I dodged. Brother Neji came soon after that and it was over."

"Hold on," interrupted Kiba. "You mean Neji Hyuga right? That guy was the top rookie last year. I guess since you're both in the same clan, you'd work together."

"Actually…" muttered Hinata.

"Kiba, that's not really-" began Kurenai before she saw Hinata shake her head.

"It's fine sensei."

Both Kiba and Shino didn't know the specifics of her strained relationship with Neji and her clan. It wasn't some deep secret, but she just never told them. She gave a brief summary of her complications with her clan while leaving out some of the more important details she didn't feel comfortable talking about.

"So they treat you like crap?" asked frustrated Kiba.

"I wouldn't say that but…" She hung her head because she couldn't think of any other way to put it.

"I have a question," began Shino. "Since Neji is suppose to be one of your guardians, what would happen if you two were to meet in the Chunin Exams?"

"Under normal circumstances he couldn't harm me excessively even if we were sparring, but if it's in the Chunin Exams…" She gulped as that same feeling from earlier was coming back.

"I mean, he wouldn't… try to kill you would he?" asked Kiba.

Hinata hugged her shoulders as the harsh memories started to return. She knew fully well that if it came down to it, Neji would do what he needed against a normal opponent. It petrified her to think what he would do to someone he truly hated like her. He'd probably beat her mercilessly and talk down to her just for good measure. Even when coming face to face with someone like Ameyuri Ringo wasn't enough to make her fully submit. This was different however. She was genuinely afraid of Neji since it was like all her failures were coming back to punish her.

'Would he really kill me?' thought Hinata. 'It's not like I could stop him. Father would probably be furious at me for failing again. Maybe I shouldn't-'

"Hinata!" exclaimed Kurenai who put a hand on Hinata's shoulder.

"Huh?" She looked around to see the faces of her teammates staring at her. It wasn't her intention to get consumed in thought like that, but she couldn't help it. After relaxing her shoulders and wiping the sweat off her palms, Hinata made her best attempt at a reassuring smile. "I'm fine."

"… Are you sure you want to compete in the Chunin Exams?" asked Kurenai. "I'll admit that entering a rookie team is a big risk. I want you to trust me when I say that I wouldn't be doing this if I didn't think you were ready."

Hinata felt guilty since the truth was that she didn't mind being a Genin for another year. She could never get excited on the thrill of a challenge the same way Kiba and Shino could. Still, it was a fact that if every member of a team didn't participate, entry in the exams was impossible. She knew how important this was to her team, so she hardened her emotions and vowed to try her best.

"Really, it's fine. When the Chunin Exams start, I'll give it my all!" Kurenai look at her closely since she was trying to get a read on her. One of the skills the Hyuga were taught is stern eye contact so that there would be little doubt if they said something. Granted, Hinata wasn't the best at it, but it seemed to work since Kurenai looked satisfied.

"Alright," stated Kurenai crossing her arms.

"So, is there anybody you two are hoping to face?" asked Hinata who wanted to steer the conversation away from her.

"Do you even have to ask?" stated Kiba. "I want Sasuke of course. That number one rookie spot should've been mine and I'm gonna prove it!"

"That's hard to believe," began Shino adjusting his glasses. "Considering your grades would say otherwise."

"Aw shut up! Everyone knows that taking some dumb test isn't going to defeat your opponent. Ruthless aggression will of course." Kiba began smiling to himself as if he remembered a joke. "Although, I wouldn't mind having a go at that loudmouth Naruto. If I have to fight him, they might as well hand me that Chunin vest right on the spot.

"That's not right!" exclaimed Hinata out of nowhere. She hadn't quite realized what she said until her teammates looked at her strangely. She started sweating when she realized the position she was in. 'Not again…' she thought.

"What do you mean that's not right?" asked Kiba. Suddenly, his eyes widened as if he realize something. "Wait… don't tell me…"

She felt like her heart was about to explode while she scrambled to think of something to say. "N-No… I-I don't…"

"You think he can beat me don't you?"

"… What?"

"That's it, isn't it?! I might've given you the credit for beating Ameyuri Ringo, but don't forget who helped you out!"

"…" She could have denied it, but like the prudent girl she could be sometimes she decided to roll with this. "You're right. Sorry for doubting you."

"You must have forgotten Kiba," began Kurenai who was laughing under her breath. "Hinata is actually a lion goddess in human form and that's how she beat Ameyuri Ringo."

"Heh, my bad," replied Kiba who started laughing.

"Even you sensei…" Hinata realized she might have to take some initiative before this spiraled out of control. "How about you Shino? Is there anything you want to see?" Hinata looked confused when she saw Shino standing a few yards away with their back facing them.

"So you finally noticed me huh?"

"Sulking again… seriously," commented Kiba.

"Sorry Shino. Please tell us."

"I don't have any preference on who I fight," he began. "All who face me shall fall. That's what happens to anyone who faces the Aburame."

"Hold on a second!" began Kiba who was about to disagree until Kurenai clapped loudly.

"That's enough. We've fooled around long enough. The Chunin Exams begin the day after tomorrow, so this will be the final day we can fully train. I'm really going to push you guys today, so prepare yourselves."

"Right!" the trio said as they continued their training. Still, Hinata couldn't shake the feeling she had.

'What would I do if I see Neji…?'

VVV

On the outskirts of the Leaf, two cloaked individuals were gazing at the village from afar.

"It's been a while hasn't it?"

"Hmm, yes. This nostalgia is tantalizing indeed."

"It's a shame such a pristine village, won't be standing for much longer. Now, we better get things in order. The exams start soon."

"Make sure you enjoy yourself, Kabuto."

The silver-haired man adjusted his glasses while an amused grin adorned his face. "I should say the same to you. The Chunin Exams are going to be especially fun this year, Lord Orochimaru."



Author's Note



1. Since the last arc concluded, you know what time it is! It's Random Skit time!



Random Skit #5: Sharper Tool


"Kiba, I was wondering," began Hinata. "How can your teeth be that sharp?"

"This is a symbol of the Inuzuka!" replied Kiba who looked proud. "We bare or fangs with pride. The sharper, the better!"

"Then… Ameyuri Ringo is the strongest?"

"What makes you say that? That crazy lady isn't affiliated with my clan."

"You said the sharper the better so I just assumed…" Kiba suddenly looked worried for some reason.

"Dammit, you wait! I'll get these babies as sharp as glass!" Kiba ran off in a huff.

"I hope he doesn't bite his tongue…"


Random Skit #6 Irony


"You know what would be really terrifying?" asked Hinata talking to Aiko.

"What would that be?"

"If Ameyuri Ringo were here with us right now."

"Well… that's just crazy talk."


Random Skit #7 Privileges


"Sensei, you really shouldn't drink so much," began Shino. "That's because too much will kill brain cells."

"Well Shino, there's a special thing that allows me to drink when I want without consequence."

"What would that be?"

"Being an adult and not caring."


Random Skit #8 True Personality


"That was a pretty cool fake out back there sensei," complimented Kiba.

"Yeah," added Hinata. "For a second, I thought you had really died."

"Heh, your sensei has quite a few tricks," said Kurenai.

"What would've happened if we had died before you intervened?" asked Shino.

"I had an eye on the situation the whole time. However, if you guys had still managed to die… too bad I guess." Kurenai walked away smiling while leaving her students wondering how kind she really was.


2. If you have predictions or maybe you just want to comment, feel free.


>