

A/N: Hi, guys! Here I am again!

Thank you everyone who has been commenting, favoriting, following, or simply just reading this fanfic! You guys are awesome!

Subtitles:


"Someone's thoughts."




Neah and Merina talking inside Allen and Merissa's


minds.


Disclaimer: I don't own D. Gray-Man, otherwise it would be a lot different. And I don't own the "His Dark Materials" trilogy as well. However, I do own Merissa, Ran, Ryel, Leon, Merina, Lika, Runi, Kindall, Wisely's snowy owl daemon whose name Allen doesn't know, Callyn, Maylia, Misha, and Dylan!

Enjoy! ^^




Everybody's Got Their Daemons




by: GakuenAlicefan27



Chapter 11: Of Names


The first days of training were, just like Lenalee had said, purely physical, focusing on building stamina and working on Misha's reflexes. Lenalee took the morning shift while Allen and Lavi shared the afternoon one.

All in all, Misha was doing well; he had more resistance than Allen had originally thought, and he was also determined to learn as much as he could, paying much attention to anything that was said to him.

He had to learn how to position himself better, and how to approach the enemy in a stealthier manner, but Lenalee was working with him on that.

The one real problem was that he nearly always ended up overpowered even when it was only one person going against him: The normal fighting stance was human against human and daemon against daemon; since Misha's daemon had yet to come out of wherever he was hiding, the fights would consist of a human and daemon against Misha alone – It was not like the opponent's daemon would attack Misha directly because of the unspoken no-touching-another-human rule, but even just being circled and cornered could mean a great disadvantage in a fight.

Misha didn't seem to mind tough, and Allen and Lavi had accorded with Lenalee that they wouldn't mention it until he did, for the sake of formality.

Allen was somewhat lost as to why Misha would do it; even if his daemon was small enough to fit into a pocket, it did not mean that it wouldn't be of help in a fight – There were a good number of fighting techniques that smaller daemons could use.

Allen shook his head, trying to get rid of the distracting thoughts running in his head for the moment and actually listen to what Misha and Lavi were talking about.

The three of them were sitting in a corner of the training room taking a break, but Allen had spaced out just some minutes after conversation began. Luckily, the boys hadn't seemed to notice.

"…So Lavi isn't really your name?" Misha asked. Lavi nodded.

"Just an alias; it's Bookman procedure." He said.

"Leon isn't my name either." The chameleon daemon pointed out as well.

"Oh…that's…different, I guess. I had never met someone who didn't go by their birth name. That's why you don't have a last name, then." Misha stated, and this seemed to have reminded Lavi of something else.

"Speaking of that, what is your last name? You only introduced yourself as
Misha
and you said you never knew your parents, but the priests must have given you a last name, right?" He said, and Allen realized that he was right. Misha made a face at that.

"Well…it's a little complicated. The Russian naming system is kind of different. You see, every person must have three parts to their full name…" He started. Allen cocked his head to the side in confusion.

"Three parts?" He asked.

"Yes. The first name, the patronymic name, and the last name. The first name is pretty much what it sounds like, same as you do all over the world, while the patronymic name is...well, like a middle one, but it is derived from your father's first name…"

"Derived from your father's?" Meri interrupted, not understanding. Misha tried to explain a little better.

"For example, if your father's first name were
Ivan,
then your patronymic name would be
Ivanovich
if you were a boy, or
Ivanovna
if you were a girl. It's basically just a repetition of your father's name, but with a different ending depending on your gender."

"Oh, I see…" Meri said.

"Then, there's the last name, which is your family name; its ending also changes depending on your gender."

"And how does it work for orphans whose parentage is unknown?" Lavi asked.

"In this case, the people from the orphanage choose their names...all three of them. They can give you a name based on anything: The name of the director of the orphanage, the name of a priest, a historical name, the name of a figure of influence, or even just randomly choose it, but it is mandatory that you have a full name." He said, and then continued.

"My patronymic name is
Aleksandrovich
, as if my father's name were
Aleksandr,
and my last name is
Matveyev
. If I were a girl, it would be
Aleksandrovna
and
Matveyeva.
"

"And who were the priests basing these names on when they gave them to you? Or do you think they just picked them on their liking?" Allen asked. Misha shrugged.

"I don't know. Anyway, now you get why I only introduced myself as
Misha
– These names are a mouthful; if I had a short full name, like Allen's, I would introduce myself properly, but, as it is, it's too much trouble."

"Yeah, you're right." Lavi agreed.

"What about you?" Misha asked, turning to Allen. "Have your parents ever told you why they decided to name you
Allen
?" Lavi made a face that clearly said "Oh, damn…".

"Uh, actually, I don't have parents as well. I went by the name
Red
for a long part of my childhood, because of my arm, and I was only given a name when I met Mana, who was like a father to me." Allen answered, trying not to wince at the mention of Mana; the hurt over his talk with Neah was still pretty fresh.

"I'm so sorry, that was very insensitive of me…" Misha started, voice regretful. Allen raised his hands as if saying "No problem".

"It's okay, Misha. You didn't know."

"Still…" He responded, but Lavi simply put a hand on his shoulder to signal that he didn't need to worry about that.

"Break is over, let's continue!" The redhead said, getting up and being followed by Allen and Misha.

"Okay." Misha said, eyeing his Innocence – A dagger named "Purifier of Sins" that was laying forgotten in another corner of the room alongside Lavi's Iron Hammer.

"So…I know that you said that I'll only be allowed to use it after completing the physical training, but what do you think my Innocence can do? It's so small and ordinary looking, can it really be used to fight Akumas?" Misha asked. Lavi laughed.

"Boy, don't underestimate your Innocence just because it looks mundane. Don't you remember how my Hammer grew in that fight in London?" Misha nodded.

"I do, it's just…hard to think about what kind of powers it might have."

"You'll find out soon." Lavi said, putting a hand in one of his pockets and groaning when it came out empty.

"Forgot the keys of the equipment room?" Allen guessed. Lavi nodded.

"I'll get them; be back in a minute." Meri said, running towards the door and disappearing into the hallway. Allen didn't think anything of it until he turned around and found Misha staring in disbelief.

"How…?" He managed to ask. Allen face palmed; he had forgotten that Misha didn't know about his lack of limitation.

They all ended up sitting down again and spending twenty more minutes talking; Allen first, telling Misha everything he told his friends on the train ride back to the Order the other day, and then Lavi talking about what happened during that mission and how Allen and Meri managed to become instant stars during the last few weeks – Meri, who had come back, rolled her eyes at that.

"If by instant stars you mean being gawked at everywhere you go and nearly getting in trouble with the Central, then I guess you're right." She muttered, knocking Leon off her back.

"I know it might seem like a weird, bad thing but…" Allen started. Misha immediately interrupted.

"No. It's not bad. It's different, just different…not bad." He said. Allen found it strange how quickly and resolutely he had said it, but he was far too relieved to care.

"He's right, Allen. If it weren't for your ability, then me and the all the others would have been killed in that mission." Lavi added. Allen and Meri looked at him as if he were insane.

"Of course not." Both of them said at the same time. Lavi eyed them curiously; Leon spoke.

"I don't see how you could have saved us and retrieved the Innocence…"

"We wouldn't." Meri said.

"We would have saved you and let the Akuma get the Innocence." Allen stated. Lavi looked at him with widened eyes for a moment, then went back to normal, as if he thought that he shouldn't be surprised upon hearing that answer.

"Yu would scoff at you so badly if he heard you say that." The redhead said, trying to hide a laugh."

"I don't doubt Kanda would do that." Allen said, laughing as well. Misha looked confused.

"Who's Kanda?" He asked.

"Another exorcist. He was at that mission as well, but now he's in another one somewhere in Africa so you haven't seen him yet." Lavi said.

"He's a grumpy Japanese with a wolf daemon called Ran. Trust me, you'll know when you see him."

"And when you do, don't call him
Yu
like Lavi just did; that's a death wish." Meri said.

"You're one to talk about death wishes, Meri; always at Ran's throat." Leon replied.

"You dislike each other?" Misha asked Allen. Lavi snickered.

"Dislike? As much as it hurts my feelings to say that, Meri is the daemon that Ran likes the most in the Order." Lavi said, dramatically putting a hand on his chest. Allen hit him in the head.

"Your feelings won't be the only thing hurt if you keep on lying like that!" He exclaimed. Lavi had a smirk on his face as he rubbed the sore spot on his head.

"You can be so dense sometimes, Allen." He replied.

"I resent that!" Allen said.

"It's totally true, Misha!" Lavi said, dodging another hit from Allen, who had a tiny blush on his cheeks.

After that, Lavi and Misha spent a good thirty seconds laughing at Allen's expense as he glared at both of them. When they finally stopped, Misha asked.

"Is he really that grumpy, though?"

"Oh, yeah. Believe me, you'll need lots of patience to deal with him." Lavi said. Misha made a face at that, as if patience wasn't his strongest suit.

"Anyway, we've spent too much time talking already. Let's get to training!" Lavi said, and this time they did get up and train.

"
Is it like that, Neah?" Child Mana asked, elbows being supported by the table as he raised his hands to show a cat's cradle gone completely wrong.



He laughed, then took Mana's hands in his own and rearranged the rubber band the right way. Under the table, Lika and Merina were playing with each other.


"
Alright, boys! It's time for lunch: Go wash your hands!" Mom said, standing at the door that led from the living room to the kitchen.



She patted both of them on the head as they nodded and raced each other to the bathroom; the smile on her face had got to be one of the warmest ones in the world. Her squirrel daemon was on her left shoulder, watching Mer and Lika fondly as they followed their humans.


Allen woke up with a start, nearly knocking Meri off the bed. His breathing was heavy, and his heart was racing. From the corner of his eyes he saw that the clock was indicating 03:27 AM.

Meri was in no better state; her tail was flicking rapidly, her voice was pouring anxiety:

"Allen…this dream…did you…?" She tried to ask.

"Yes…I saw it too…" He answered, mind still occupied by the scene he had witnessed – More than witnessed: Been a part of.

It had been so vivid, so familiar and nostalgic; the joy and contentment that had come associated with it felt so natural, pulsing through him as if he knew what experiencing such a domestic moment with his brother and mother felt like.

"Allen…don't cry…" Meri said, though she herself curled in a ball on his lap after saying it. He hugged her, pulling her close; he hadn't even realized that he had started crying.


Allen? What's wrong?
Neah asked worriedly.

"
Don't you know? Didn't you see?"
Allen asked, feeling more tears roll down his face.


No, I was too deep inside your sub consciousness. Did something happen inside your mind?


"
Yes…I think…no…I know I just saw a memory of when I was you.
" He answered.


Really?! Can you show me?
Neah thought, voice excited and alarmed at the same time.

"
I'll try."


Allen focused on the dream, remembering it from the beginning and running it through his mind as best as he could. It took less than a minute, then Neah spoke again.


You are right, I remember that. It happened some months before I started showing the first signs of becoming a Noah…but I don't understand…you are crying, I thought you had seen a bad memory…


Allen shook his head, finally making an attempt to stop the tears.

"
It was a wonderful memory, I just…Mana was there, and we were playing together like siblings do, and our mother was making us lunch and…a brother, a mother, I never had any of that, but now I remember a time when I did. This happiness…I never thought I'd be able to feel it for myself and now I can do it so clearly…"


He was still hurt about Mana's secrets, but nothing could stop the fondness that overwhelmed him when he remembered how they had been a family, a blood family, with even more than just the two of them; it made him feel warm.


Oh, Allen...
Neah said, but didn't elaborate. He knew that there was nothing else for him to do except let Allen go through this moment.

"
Is it always going to be like this?"
Meri asked, still on Allen's lap.


Like this…?
Merina questioned back.

"
The memories. Will they keep coming in our dreams, like this one?"
She clarified. Allen had stopped crying by now, though he was still sniffing.


No. The memories never keep a pattern; they are probably the most random process of becoming a Noah.


"
What do you mean?"
Allen asked.


Well, they may come in dreams, like this one did, or they may come while you are awake and play before your eyes as if you were watching a movie, temporarily disconnecting you from what's going on around you in the present. Others, often the more specific ones, like names or dates, will simply settle into your brain without you even realizing they did it.


"
I find it hard to imagine…"
Allen said.


You'll understand once it happens to you.
Neah said.

"
The more specific ones, you said? This one memory seemed pretty specific to me."
He countered.


That's because you're too fascinated by the event to realize that some things were missing. For example, you remembered mother's face and you remembered her daemon's form, but did you remember their names?


Allen thought about it, ready to tell Neah that
yes
he remembered them, when he realized that the other was right. Their faces were clear as day in his mind, but he couldn't remember their names even though he felt like they were in the tip of his tongue.

"
I don't."
He finally responded, extremely frustrated with himself.


They'll come around eventually, unless you want me to tell you…?
Neah said.

"
No, I want to remember them on my own."
Allen was quick to reply.



Okay.



"
Will it take long, though? Do you know?"



It took me a little more than a year to regain all my memories when I was in your place, but it varies.


Allen didn't say anything to that, not knowing if he should feel eager or scared of regaining his memories; Neah had said that he had thought Allen was crying because of a bad one, and the boy didn't doubt that there were terrible memories stored in his past, just waiting to haunt him again.

"
This one was so short…"
He said, just for the sake of saying it.


Some will be short, some will be long, and they won't follow a chronological order; it's extremely sporadic.


"
Oh."



Don't worry, you'll get used to it.


Neah's voice was caring, and it crossed Allen's mind, not for the first time, that they had come a long way in terms of attachment from where they once stood.

"
You're behaving so differently now. What happened to the guy who called me a mad puppet?"
He asked mockingly.


It was the only way to make you pay attention! You weren't exactly receptive of me back them!
Neah spluttered, defending himself. Allen laughed lowly.

"
It's alright, Neah. I'm not angry at that."
He said, letting Meri get off him and move to the side. He let her settle in a comfortable position before lying down himself; thought's about the memory still plaguing his mind.

"
Do you think I'll regain more memories tonight?"
He asked.


Perhaps; perhaps not.


"
Guess I'll have to find out by myself."
He said, closing his eyes and stifling a yawn.

Some minutes later, he fell into a dreamless sleep.

Allen was sent to a mission in France in the morning, so he wasn't able to help with the training for the following days.

The exorcist had been very apprehensive with the prospect of going to his first mission after his peculiarity was revealed; he couldn't stop worrying about the Noah clan appearing, seeing as he had no idea what he would do if this happened.

Despite this, the mission went as smoothly as it could. The city he was sent to had been suffering constant Akuma attacks for a few days, but when Allen got there, there was no sign of Innocence.

He and Merissa stayed there for five whole days, but none of the inhabitants had seen anything strange apart from the attacks, so without anything else they could do they slayed the group of Akumas that had been attacking the humans and left.

He talked to Neah about the strange tranquility of the events, but he didn't know what to make of them as well. The man seemed to be thorn between staying calm and believing that the Noah were still pondering what their next action should be, or getting worried that they already knew what to do and were simply preparing for a bigger move.

Allen almost wished there had been a sign of them. He was starting to understand why people said that you should keep your friends close and your enemies even closer – When you didn't see them, it most likely meant that they were up to no good.

When they arrived back at the Order, they reported the overall of the mission to Komui and went to the library to write its detailed report.

However, Lavi appeared out of nowhere as soon as they left the office and pushed them aside for a talk.

Allen already had an idea of what it was about – Lavi had been taking the full afternoon training shift for five days after all; he just hoped the boy hadn't done anything stupid while alone with Misha.

He and Meri followed Lavi and Leon to a more secluded corridor and let the redhead start talking:

"So, this is about Misha…" He began; Allen groaned. Meri felt like face-pawing.

"Are you still thinking about that? Please, tell me you didn't do anything weird while I was gone…" Allen said; Meri looked at Leon disapprovingly. Lavi rolled his eyes.

"No. I know you and Lenalee would kill me if I did something to make him uncomfortable. I've been closely observing, though, and I've come up with theories!" The Bookman apprentice said; eyes sparkling.

It was Allen's turn to roll his eyes; he was sick and tired of hearing Lavi's innumerous theories. Still, he knew that Lavi wouldn't leave him alone until he listened, so he conceded:

"Okay, tell me." He said.

"Well, I had already talked to you about some of my ideas that day during dinner, but now they have been refined! Firstly, I completely abandoned that thought that Misha's daemon kept hiding because he was shy. I think you and I can agree, after spending these days with him, that he doesn't have any problem interacting with others.

"Yeah…"

"Now I think he may be doing it as a form of self-defense. You know how some people have their daemons hidden away while fighting to make it harder for the enemy to strike, right?"

"I know, but these people don't hide their daemons all the time like Misha does. Lavi…" He countered.

"Of course, but people with severe trust issues might do it. We can't know how well Misha truly trusts others just by how he acts around us; that's much more subtle."

"I guess…" He started, but Leon interrupted him, eager to start talking. Lavi and his daemon were always like that; when they got curious about something, nothing stopped them until they had figured it out. This curiosity of his probably earned him lots of problems with Bookman, who preached that a Bookman didn't need emotions.

"But that's just one of our theories! We were thinking that perhaps he could have developed some kind of inferiority complex towards us as well! What do you think of that?" He asked. Meri blinked, confused.

"Inferiority complex?" She asked back. Allen hadn't understood either. Leon explained:

"His daemon is small enough to fit in his pocket, and small daemons usually don't have humans who are warriors or strong fighters. Look around! Most of the exorcists' daemons are big mammals or birds of prey. We are thinking that Misha might feel intimidated by that – He could be afraid that people are going to mock him or pity him for having such a small daemon among all those great ones."

"What…?! Lavi, your own daemon is not a big mammal or bird of prey!" Allen exclaimed.

"Right, but Leon is not that small, and I'm not the kind of person to feel insecure about something like this. Misha, on the other hand, could be feeling that he's not good enough, especially because he still has so much training to do."

"Lavi, I really don't think…"

"If his daemon is a small mammal or even an insect…you know that people with insect daemons normally aren't the best or fiercest fighters…"

"Wait, wait, wait! Now you're generalizing! Don't go around saying that about people with insect daemons! Have you ever even fought Callyn?!" He interrupted before Lavi could get even more carried away. The boy looked at him, confused.

"Callyn? Who is that?" Lavi asked.

"Tyki Mikk's daemon…" Allen began.

"Don't you mean Kindall?" The redhead questioned. Allen paused, remembering that, indeed, her name was Kindall and not Callyn.


Not anymore.
He suddenly heard Neah say inside his mind.

It hit him then that this had been her previous incarnation's name and he had subconsciously remembered it. She had been…a dragonfly, right? The memory was fuzzy but the dragonfly shape seemed clear enough…


Correct.
Neah replied.

It had been just like Neah said it could be at times; a flash that Allen hadn't even noticed settle down in his brain until he blurted it out. He looked at Lavi, who was looking at him quizzically. He had to be more careful…

"Yeah, Kindall. Sorry, I got confused. Anyway, she's a butterfly daemon and Tyki is one of the strongest opponents I have ever faced…" He started, quick to take Lavi's mind off his mistake.

"I'm not saying that it's all insect daemons, but…"

"Merissa used to prefer turning into animals that could fit in my pockets as well; you know, before she settled. I think you are being off mark here, Lavi."

"Lenalee thinks so as well. Kanda didn't even want to listen…even so, I still think it's a possibility! He's too secretive, Allen! He even takes showers at unholy hours when everyone else is sleeping! He's got to be doing it on purpose!"

"Lavi…I'm not saying that I don't find it weird as well. But I still think that he'll come around with time, and if he doesn't…there's just bigger things to worry about, you know."

"What if this is a big thing, Allen?" Lavi asked; the excitement that had been present on his voice had vanished.

Allen was finally able to notice the underlying worry that had been looming behind Lavi's motives. As much as he didn't want to believe that Misha could be hiding something big from them, he couldn't help but wonder.

"Just…wait a little bit more. Give him two or three more weeks; if he still hasn't shown his daemon by then, we'll ask him directly, as much as I'd prefer us not to."

Lavi seemed to think about it. He exchanged a long look with Leon, then nodded. Meri, who had been silently listening to the conversation, seemed relieved at the agreement.

"Well, we gotta go now. The old panda and his bat from hell must be looking for us; we kind of skipped a study session to look for you when he heard that you were back." He said. Allen laughed.

"We'll see each other at lunch." He said, then watched as Lavi and Leon left.

For a moment he just stood there, berating himself for his slip of the tongue, when he heard Neah say:


Allen…
He began.

"
I know; I need to pay more attention to what I say or I'll end up compromising myself."



Well…yes; but I was going to say that the Bookman apprentice is right, you know.


"
About Misha?"
He asked, surprised that Neah had chosen to talk about that. He hadn't commented on him at all ever since Allen had met the boy.


There is something undeniably suspicious about his behavior. You shouldn't brush the matter away until you know for sure that it's not important.
He stated.

"
You think I was wrong in telling Lavi to wait for a while?"
Allen asked.

…
No. I don't think that some weeks are going to make a difference. Just…don't forget about it; try to pay him more attention as well.


"
Okay..."
He said; still looking at the way Lavi had went to meet with Bookman. He blinked; suddenly remembering something.

"
Neah, why did Bookman lie to the Council? You told me it was a story for another time, but I ended up not asking about it after that."
He thought, as continued on his way. Meri's ears perked up at the mention of that subject even though she didn't need them to listen to a mental conversation.

After reaching the library, Allen chose a table to work on. Instead of working, though, he started doodling, pretending to write the report while actually listening to Neah. He would get to writing the real report after the story.


Right. It's good that you reminded me; I had forgotten about it as well.


"
So…"
Allen urged; he was pretty curious to hear what Neah had to say.


Well, let's see…I'll start by saying that when the Bookman clan worked on the Noah's side all those decades ago, things were a little bit different.



The Noah tolerated their presence there but the Bookman didn't get as involved with us as they did with the Order; they were much more guarded because they knew that the Noah could simply decide that they wouldn't allow them there anymore and then they would have to fight for their lives.


"
But the Bookman clan serves a neutral purpose…"
Allen interrupted.


The Noah don't really care all that much about respecting neutrality, Allen. They just allowed him there because a Bookman's knowledge could come to be useful to them.



That being said, I myself never paid them much attention and we barely ever interacted.



Also, you must have already figured out that Bookman had another apprentice back then, since Lavi hadn't even been born yet.



His name was Dylan; I mean, his alias was Dylan, and believe me when I say that he managed to be worse than Lavi at keeping an emotionless act. He tried, but there were some things he couldn't keep quiet about.



Bookman was always chiding him for it, but I believe that, despite all that talk about not having a heart, deep down he had come to really care about that boy – I didn't know much about them, but it seemed that he'd been under the old man's charge for a long time even before they came to the Noah.



In the few times that we interacted, I found Dylan's temper and tendency to bicker to be funny, and so did Road and the Jasdevi; it was a sort of amusement.


"
But…"
Meri thought, having already realized that something wrong had happened. Allen could swear that he felt Neah grimace at that.


But not all Noah felt like that. Cheryl, in particular, had always been bothered by the Bookman clan's presence within our home, and the fact that Dylan promptly had a snarky remark to throw at Cheryl's every provoking comment didn't help either.



One day, he decided that he'd had enough. I don't know what the argument that triggered his last nerve was about – I only arrived after the fight had already started – but Cheryl attacked Dylan with the very intent to kill.



The boy was strong. He had a lot of training and a powerful Innocence, but was not as powerful as a Noah. I intervened before Cheryl could fulfill his purpose.



I knew that Cheryl would be furious at me, but he never really liked me much to begin with, and I wasn't extremely fond of him either. I also knew that my other siblings would not approve of me sticking up to a human, but I weighted the pros and cons and decided that I wouldn't allow a human life to be lost just because one of my siblings had gotten angry – I already had to tolerate all their killings that were Akuma-related; there was no way that I wouldn't do something to stop a murder that I could avoid.



Like I predicted, Cheryl was furious and my siblings questioned me; I replied that I had done it with their best intentions in mind: For the sake of keeping the respect over the neutrality, and so that we could still use Bookman if we needed him.



Not all of them bought it, but the matter was soon forgotten by most.



Bookman never talked to me about what happened, but I realized, as time went by, that he was grateful for what I did – There were minimal changes in his posture while around me that gave it away.


"
You are saying that…"
Allen began.


Covering for you at the trial was his way of returning the favor.


"
But what if he hadn't returned the favor?! How were you so sure that he would?!"



I wasn't. But I had a feeling he would, and I needed to keep a calm front or you would freak out.


"
Neah!"
Allen thought, exasperated
"How am I gonna trust you if you aren't truthful about things like this?!"
He exclaimed.


I'm sorry, Allen, but it wouldn't do you any good to see me worried!


"
Just don't do it anymore, then!"



Okay…


"
Neah,"
Meri interrupted "
What about Dylan? What happened to him that he couldn't be Bookman's apprentice anymore?"
She asked. Neah sighed.


He died some months after that while in a mission for data collection with Bookman.
He said, but the tone of his voice didn't sit well with Allen.

"
Is there more to that story?"
He asked.


I…sincerely don't know. I wasn't at the place when it happened, but I always found it weird that Cheryl didn't try to attack Dylan again after that episode, and for him to die just some months after…



Still, I can't tell you if he secretly did have a hand on his death; it was one of the things that I never found out.


Allen rubbed his eyes; the more he knew, the less he liked.

"
I don't even know what to say about…"


He stilled, feeling a shiver go up and down his spine. Beside him, on the ground, he felt Meri do the same.

His vision became hazy until he couldn't see what was in front of him, then suddenly cleared as if nothing had happened; except that what he was seeing was a completely different scenery now. It played out in front of him as if he was seeing a movie, and a sense of strange familiarity washed over him. It took him less then two seconds to recognize it as a memory:


He walked through a sunny earth road in a beautiful country area. There were a few houses here and then, standing out among the trees that surrounded the road. The path went straight on, but he took a turn that was barely visible unless you were looking for it.



After that, he walked for a few more minutes as the space between the trees narrowed, and then he stopped once he reached a small but cozy-looking white house in the middle of a tiny meadow. Merina, who had been walking alongside him the whole way, suddenly made a dash to the door, excited at the prospect of seeing Lika again – It had been at least a full month since their last visit.



He laughed lowly at the sight of Merina anxiously waving her tail and beckoning him to walk faster. Once he reached the door and opened it, she made her way inside in less than a second, only to stop a few meters into the living room.


"
You two again?!" He heard her say; annoyance clear in her voice. A sigh left his lips without him even noticing; he already knew who he was going to find once he entered.



True enough, there they were: Cross, sitting on the sofa with a cup of wine in hand as Maylia lied beside him.



Mana was sitting at the back of the room reading a book with Lika curled on his feet and failing at suppressing a chuckle.



He took a few steps into the room and stopped beside Merina, crossing his arms and hoping that the irritation he felt would get through to the surprise guests.



It didn't.



Maylia merely smiled smugly, egging Mer on, while Cross smirked and raised the cup in greeting:


"
Hey, Campbell! How are you doing?"



A/N: See you next chapter!

>