



In response to my reveiwers:



Jinx of the 2nd Law~



I watched the movies and realized that he never got married or anything after Mystique. Made me kinda sad, so I had to fix it. I love Shakira. Even though it's supposed to be the seventies, I'm putting some newer stuff in there.





Ch. 2~ Big House



Hank POV


Grrrrrgrrrgrrrgrrrrrrrr.


His stomach complained at him for the long hours that he'd spent down in his lab. Pulling off his coke-bottle glasses, he pushed away from his desk and rubbed his burning eyes. Raven's DNA was especially impressive, but it was taking him far too long to figure out the genetic codes. At this pace, there was no way that he would have it done by the time they set out to find Shaw. Maybe, if he had someone else to help him out a little...but no. There was no one else in the world with his sort of intelligence. Eventually, he might find a partner, or an assisstant to help him, but until then, he was on his own.

Abandoning his microscope, Hank got up and moved towards the massive kitchen, thinking about what kinds of food they might have that he could throw together and take back with him. One part of his mutation was that he had an advanced motablolism, so he was always hungry. That was part of the reason that was so skinny. He stopped short...advanced hearing allowing him to hear the moving of bottles in the fridge. There was already someone in there. And he didn't know who it was. Each person had a scent, some more prominant than others, but each was slightly different. Human or mutant, male or female, even whether they were sexually active or not...that had cause him more than just a little problem.

"You can stop hiding behind the corner," he jumped at the quiet feminine voice that called to him. "Yes, I know you're there. Don't worry, I won't bite."

Coming around the wall, he searched for her, "I didn't think you would. I-I was jus-just a little ne...nervous..." The girl that raised her head up from behind the fridge door was not what he had expected. Instead of being as big and tough looking as her voice had suggested, she was rather tiny. She was short (to him anyway), yet rather curvy. Her brown and honey hair was short, and stuck out from her hat in a fringe. Her oddly luminous green eyes flickered over his form. There was no mistaking the smell of mutant blood that hung around her. She closed the door, and walked towards him with a slow sauntering gait.

"And why in the world would you be? I'm nothing to be afraid of, as you can obviously tell. I'm far to small to be any threat to a big, strong man like you." Wow, she was really laying it on thick.

"Ha-hardly strong, ma'am. Scientists, like myself, tend to have less muscle mass than others. From our li-line of work, of course." He gave her a shy smile. "Although, I do appreciate the complement, but pretending that you're not dagerous, it's not gonna work."

She stood up a little straighter, looking at him with couriosity. She took a sniff of the air. "You're mutant?"

Hank swallowed nervously, "Yes."

"What in the Sam-hell are you doing working for the CIA, then?"

"How did you-"

"That would be my fault, Hank. Sorry." Charles walked in. "It came up on the way back from Moscow, I happened to mention that one of our kind had been working with the CIA for years without being noticed for what he was...I didn't think she'd put two and two together. Not like that."

"It's obvious, though, isn't it?" Hank turned back to her. "He's a scientist, and no one else has the smell of a human's facility simply pouring from every pore in their body."

"What about Angel, or Alex? What about me and Raven?"

"Well, that's just it. You and Raven mostly smell like each other. Those places that you do smell like are older: houses, bars, schools. Alex smells like himself with a little bit of a stale room's odor...prison. And Angel...well, she smells like sweat and crowded places, alcohol and money." This strange girl cocked her head at him. "He, on the other hand, smells like new places, sterilized instruments, paper, and ink pens. He is the only one who could possibly be the one you were talking about." With that she turned away and started riffling through the cabinets.

Hank and Charles shared a look. "What on earth are you looking for?"

"Food."

"Yes, I gathered that, but what kind?"

"You're the telepath, why don't you tell me."

There was a moment of silence. "One cabinet over, top shelf, then over the stove, on the left."

"Thank you."

Charles nodded in her general direction as he left the kitchen and went to do goodness knows what. Hank stood there dumbly for a bit, watching her flutter around the kitchen.

"Are you just going to stand there catching flies all night, or was there something you wanted?" her cupid's bow lips twitched.

"Oh, uh...I was just...I came down to get somethi-thing to eat."

"Well, then you're in the right place. Anything in particular, or just a random snack that you could throw together and munch on while you went back to whatever sciency crap you were doing before you came down here?"

"Uh..."

"Nevermind. Just, if you're going to be in here, stay out of my way." He watched as she attepted to reach for the flour over the stove, barely out of reach. Hank thought it was amusing when she tried to climb on the appliance to reach it.

Micha POV

She still couldn't reach it. What the hell kind of person built this kitchen? She could almost reach it, but not quite. Suddenly, a long arm came out of nowhere and plucked the bag of flour easily. Spinning around, she smacked her chin against a nose, falling backwards and hitting the back of her head against the hood of the stove. A low hiss errupted from her throat, and she held her head as she rubbed the growing lump.

"Oh! I-I-I'm s-so sorry! Are you alright?"

"Ow-w-w-w!" Micha curled up on the stove, drawing the pain up as small as possible. She held that pose for a moment or two, before loosening up enough to breathe easliy.

"What hurts?" the man before her had lapsed into work mode. Though he was a scientist by trade, he had studied a bit of medicine during his college years, and it became a hobby since then. Looking up at him, Micha saw that there was a bit of blood trailing from his nose. Absentmindedly, she rubbed the back of her head. Following her hand, Hank found the spot with gentle fingers. She winced when he pressed down just a little too hard. "Sorry."

"It's fine. What about you?"

"Huh?"

"You're bleeding..." she motioned to his face.

Hank raised a hand to his nose, pulling it away and surprised when he found the crimson liquid on his fingertips. "Oh...it's nothing, just a few of the capillaries bursting. The inside of the nose is actually made almost compleately of small blood vessels just under the very first layer of skin, so it doesn't take much to burst them. It's facinating."

Hank POV

The girl just looked at him, blinking her eyes in what looked like confusion. "Who
are
you?"

Taken aback at her question, he answered, "Hank McCoy. I'm a specialist in aeromechanics and biochemistry."

"And how does blowing shit up translate into nosebleeds?"

"Oh, that's not what biochemistry means. It's a mixture of two words: Biology and chem-"

"I know what biochemistry is, Professor McCoy."

"I-I-I'm not a professor. That's Charles, actually. He's a professor of genetic mutation."

"Really? Then whay are you?"

"Just a scientist. I suppose you can call me doctor...since I got my doctorat. Anyway, biochemistry is the study of chemicals in the body and how they affect a person."

"I see. So, you, in a way, are a professor of genetic mutations as well?"

"No, though I do know a bit about the x-gene."

"X-gene?"

"Sorry. The mutated gene that causes our powers or different physical appearences. It looks like an x."

"Ah..." She stared at him for a moment, then turned around and started mixing several ingredents together.

"If you don't mind me asking, what are you making?"

"Pancakes. Maybe some eggs and bacon." As if the very mention of such a wonderful homecooked meal, Hanks stomach let out yet another loud growl. She laughed. "Sounds to me like someone hasn't been eating very well." As he watched, the young man noticed a strange movement under her large sweater, around her waist.


Who is this girl?


>