


Yay! Another story that I was inspired to wright by two songs! (Wow, I really need to get a life. . .) The songs are both by the same person, Lily Allen. The first song was a cover of Somewhere Only We Know. Though, that part would be later. . . And then the next song is called Alfie. X3 Yeah, I know, right?! And it totes fits him! Go on! Now you gotta go listen to it! Trust me, you'll absolutely love it. . . If you pay attention to the lyrics, you'll also think that it would totes be Oliver singing it to Alfie. . . X3



Okay, so, anyways, in this first chapter here, you are a child, chillin with the 1p! Face family!



Though, the next chapter is to be a large timeskip. . . So, yeah! Hope ya like! Please comment, follow, whatever ya need to do to be happy!



"Aw, Alfred! Give it back!" You whined, jumping up and down as you tried your hardest to retrieve your cute little bow that your best friend Alfred F. Jones had stolen from you. Plus, it really didn't help that his step-brother, Matthew Williams, wouldn't help you out. Though, you had ways of making him give it back.

You were currently at their house for a play-date, or whatever you'd like to call it. So, that meant that their older brothers, Arthur and Francis were there, also. One thing of the many that you never got about the little family was why they didn't live with the parents they never talked about. You thought it was strange, but when you asked them about it, they made up some story that you decided to go with, since your brain was tired of trying to process the situation any further.

Anyways, you knew their whole, small family simply adored you! Though, you just thought it was in that cute little best friend way. Though, boy, you may wanna pay closer attention to life. So, off topic again! Anyways! You stop jumping and swing your head from side to side, looking for-

"Arthur! Francis!" and with that call of their name, you start running towards them, latching onto Arthur once there. "Alfred stole my bow again!" You complained, you smirk being aggressively fought back. Your goal wasn't to get him in trouble, just to get your bow back and have a bit of fun while doing it.

You lifted your head, resting your chin on his stomach to see a red-faced Arthur. As soon as your eyes met, he quickly looked forward to Alfred who seemed to be watching you two with a jealous expression, though that was quickly replaced by fake guilt. Obviously, Arthur didn't believe it, since the next thing to appear on his face was a smirk. He knew how much Alfred, and Matthew, too, loved you. And, he honestly had to admit that he loved you, too. And, oh boy, don't leave out Francis! Being the lady lover he is, he couldn't stay away from a beautiful creature like you!

"Alfred," He would have continued on with his sentence, though Alfred decided he didn't want a lecture, so instantly just began walking toward you as you detached yourself from Arthur. A small smirk taking over his face as he got close to your ear to put your bow back in your hair. Taking that chance, he whispered, "You should probably get a head start. . ." You took a minute to process what he said. Though, when you did, your eyes widened as you looking back at his smiling face. You couldn't help but smile yourself as you turned around and ran down the hall then up the stairs. You could hear Alfred counting to ten. Just as he reached nine, you found a space in a closet to hide in, and waited. And waited. And waited. . . Though, where was that last number? The number that you were to turn in about a week? A bit worried, you moved your head to look through the crack in the closet door.

"Where is she?!" You heard an angry voice shout as it's body appeared, stomping down the hall.

"If we don't find her, I think I'll just have to tempt her out with some dead bodies of her loved ones!" Another voice said as it also stomped down the hall behind the first. Then came two others, close behind, looking a bit worried.

You silently gasped. Bodies? Of, your family?! Who were these people, and what business did they have, wanting to kill your family?! And, why did they look so much like the nice little family you have just seen a bit ago?

Just then, realization hit you like a hand to the back of your small, little, fragile head. You remember your friend, Kiku, talking about something called a 2p. As easily bored as you get, you listened very close to his explanation, being very into it to learn more and hear about them.

According to Kiku, a 2p! is the opposite of a person. That's was 2p! means; the second personality. So, everyone had a 2p!, though they live their life in the own dimension. Well, some. Some 2p!s come to our dimension and find their 2p!. Depending on what they feel like doing, they can either negotiate and live in the same dimension with their 1p!, or kill them off and live their life.

That must have been what happened to your favorite four guys. Except, they must have killed them off. . . At that, your eyes started to water with tears. Bitter tears of sorrow for the family they considered you a part of, since your own family is never home and treats you like literal shit.

Taking the chance, you clear your eyes and stand up. As if you were about to go underwater, you took a deep breath, then held it as you slowly opened up the closet door. You tiptoed out, hoping the old wooden floor beneath you wouldn't crack and squeak. Once in the hall and looking down to see a door opened and some voice coming from it, you ran . As fast as your little, child legs could carry you. You ran down the stairs, down the hall, and out the front door, not even bothering to close it. For a minute, you thought you had blacked out from worry and nervousness, though once you looked up at the stars shining up above, you realized that it was only night time. You were glad, but more worried at the same time. In the darkness, you wouldn't be seen as easily, though you also wouldn't be able to see others as easily. Creepers, monsters, aliens, cyborgs-

"Shh! it's, alright. . ." a soft, British voice said after one arm was wrapped over your mouth and the other around your waist to keep you from moving. Your eyes widened, and you turned your head to look back at the person the voice belonged to. You couldn't believe your eyes! Standing there behind you was Arthur Kirkland! The Arthur Kirkland!

"I-I thought you were-"

"I know. . . They did too. . . But, obviously, I'm not. . . Th-Though the others a-are. . ." He said, his voice shakily coming out. Oh, I couldn't imagine the pain he is feeling! That must be horrid!

"W-Well, anyways, w-we shouldn't stay here. Come on, (_y/n_)! Let's go and start over! L-Let's forget about all of this 2p! stuff! Let's do this again, the right way," his last sentence sounded so soft and caring that I couldn't bring myself to resist. With a deep breath inwards, I nodded. A smile lighted up his face, and he pulled me in for a hug. It felt nice and warm.

I knew that from this moment on, we would have to protect each other from those crazy 2p!s.

I knew that from this moment on, we would have to keep each other in line and safe, knowing of the dangers from the outside world.

I knew that from this moment on, we would have to work harder than we ever have to survive this nightmare come true.



Okay, I'm hoping to have the next chapter out within the next week. Though I also need to start working on another story of mine, which may or may not happen until I actually see the dude that it's based on.



IT'S BEEN FOUR FREAKING WEEKS AND IF I DON'T SEE HIM SOON I MIGHT CRRRYYYYY!



X3 But yeah, I need to see him soon before I die. . .



So, yeah! I'll work on this until I see him, then I'll get back to my other story! X3


>