


OH MY GOD I DON'T THINK YOU GUYS UNDERSTAND HOW PROUD I AM OF MYSELF. This is literally probably the first chapter to a fanfiction I've posted in, like, a year. I have been SO busy and SO unmotivated to write, so I haven't. I also don't know which one to work on! Too many. I just want to work on one, finish it, move on to the next one, finish it, and so on. I'm just too filled with ideas! Anyways, thank you guys so much for all of the support, really keeps me going! That was actually the only reason I wanted to get another chapter out for you guys. Because of all the comments saying they want me. Keep them coming if you'd like another chapter, really motivates me! Alrighty then, enjoy!


I can understand fully why people on the street are giving me weird looks. I mean, I would if I were them, too. . . Atleast I didn't take up the offer on Francois taking a leg, eh?

And it looks like I'm not the only one who noticed these looks. Apparently Alfie decided it would be a "great" idea to give them the bird. . . Should I feel. . . Special? Whatever, this just seems too ridiculous to be real. . . God, I probably look like a hooker or something, going home with the weird guys. . . How the hell do I even know them?! I saw the two brothers at school once and only caught a glimpse of the neon sign and the non-non-smoking sign. . . Then, in that case, why are they acting as if they've known me in their current form for as long as I've been alive?! I think confusion is the only way through this. My new plan? Act innocent and don't say anything that'll get a bat to my face. . .

While I was busy thinking about these. . . uhm. . . interesting? Yeah, interesting thoughts, we arrived at their house! Wait, WHY DID I EVEN AGREE TO COME HERE?! God, I really need to think things over twice. Well, no backing out now. . .

"Alright, we're here, love!" Oliver exclaims excitedly. Almost instantly after that, he let's go of my hand and opens up the door for me and the two idiots attached to my hand. Good thing I can run fast, I may need that ability later. . .

We walk in, and they actually begin to pull off my boots for me. . . I think Oliver might have given them drugs or something. . .

"U-Uhm. . . I-I don't think I-I'll be st-staying too l-long," I point out, my voice stuttering in nervousness at being in a new surrounding. Oh, that's always my worst fear! When you go over a new friends house, and they're just like, "Oh, help yourself to anything! Feel free to look around!" And it's like, "Wtf am I looking around for if I don't even know what I'm looking for. . .?"

"You'll stay long enough to watch a movie, eh?" Matt asked. I sighed in response.

"Well, it depends how long the movie is. . ."

"Lord of the Rings?"

"That's like three fuckin' hours!" Was that a smirk you caught on Francois's face?

"Ferris Bueller?"

"Now we're talkin'. . ."

"So, you'll stay?"

"Hell yeah! If it's Ferris, there is absolutely no exceptions!" I say in reply, my attitude changing a bit. Hm, maybe they weren't so bad after all. . .

"Oliver, make some popcorn. This is gettin' real. . ." Alfie added with a large grin. Oliver smiled widely, then disappeared into the kitchen. Francois soon followed after him. That left Al and Matt to lead me into the living room and down onto the couch. Uhm, I know this may be weird, but it was the SOFTEST COUCH I HAD EVER SAT IN! Oh, I could just fall asleep right here. . . That thought came across my head, until I realized I was still with the 2p!s. . . Yep, I'd rather not be tampered with. . .

Alfie took the remote, bringing up Netflix and searching for the movie. Just as he found it, Oliver and Francois came in with 2 bowls of popcorn. The four of them sat on the couch, leaving no room for me. Just as I was about to walk away to sit on the comfy looking chair, Matt grabbed my waist, pulling me back.

"You could just lay across us," He offered. Not as comfy as the couch, but why not. I shrugged before gently laying myself across the family. They covered all of us with a blanket, and I turned on my side in order to see the TV.

~UNE TIMESKIP~ (I just want to say now, sorry for any spelling errors. I am writing this at 2 in the morning, pitch black in my room, music blasting. Also, half of this was written last year, so I think my writing style may have changed quite a bit. . .)

I woke to the blasting of my phone ringing. I lifted my head, realizing that the four I was laying on were also asleep. I reached down, grabbing my phone off of the ground and answered it, not even bothering to look who it was.

"Hello?" I said in this very tired voice.

"(_y/n_)?! Where the hell are you?!" An angry British voice said from the other line. My eyes widened and I sat up. I looked at the clock on the TV.
5:00 pm.


"Shit! I'm sorry, Arthur. I'm on my way home!" Without even giving him a chance to speak, I hung up then pushed myself up off of the boys, receiving a groan from Francois. Oliver lifted his head, rubbing his eyes and looking at me with a confused expression.

"I have to get home, or else I will be KILLED." I said, looking at Oliver then down at the boots I was putting on. As I was buttoning up my coat, someone else took over. I looked up to see a sleepy Al slowly doing the buttons of my coat. I smiled at him. "Thanks, Al." I then moved my head around him in order to see the rest of the family. "Thank you guys so much, I had fun! We should do this again sometime!" I said happily. Alfie smiled down at me, lightly kissed my forehead, then opened the door, letting me out and wishing me luck.

~DEUX TIMESKIP~

I carefully opened the door to my apartment, sneaking in, then closed it silently. Behind me, I heard someone clearing their voice, and I shrunk. I turned around to see an angry Brit staring at me with his arms crossed and foot tapping. I sighed, going into the small kitchen and opening the fridge. I grabbed a water bottle then slammed it shut. Behind the door Arthur was waiting, arms still crossed.

"Where the bloody hell were you?" He asked angrily. I raised my eyebrows, uninterested, and walked past him, going down the hall to my room.

"Hey, I asked you a question!" He shouted after me.

"I know. And I chose to ignore it." I yelled back to him, entering my room and slamming the door shut. Sure, I could see why he was worried, but I told him I was going out. Plus, I'm old enough to take care of myself! He has no need to worry about me. I'm absolutely fine. . .

I throw myself down on my bed, laying there for a minute before deciding I was too hot. I sat up, taking off my coat and everything else. In the end I was left in my underwear and bra. At this point I was going through my closet, looking for some pajamas to put on.

I heard a knock at my door. "(_Y/n_), open up. I want to talk."

"Not now, I'm busy." I said back nonchalantly. I heard a sigh from the other end then the door handle turning.

"(_Y/n_), plea-" He cut himself off as he saw what I was wearing. I didn't even turn to look at him, just kept going through my closet.

"Told you I was busy. . ." I mumbled, finally pulling out a pikachu onesie. I began to put it on as Arthur just sat down on my bed and began to talk to me.

"So, the interview went good, I think. They said they'd call me tomorrow of whether or not I'm hired." I nodded, putting the hood up, just for effect. He slightly chuckled at me, and I just smiled. I hoped to god he wouldn't bring up where I was. I could lie, but then eventually I know the truth would slip from me. Sometimes I just couldn't help it. It just happened.

"I think we should go ice skating tomorrow." I suggested, sitting down next to him on my bed. He looked at me and smiled.

"Yeah? Would you like that?" I giggled and nodded. His smiled widened as he put an arm around me, hugging me to him. I rested my head on his shoulder and took in a breath. After a bit, I lifted up my head slightly to look at him.

"Are you worried you're not gonna get the job?" I asked softly. He looked down at me, that smile still there. He shook his head.

"Not at all. I have faith, and I have you. Even if I don't get it, I still do have you. And that's all that matters." I huffed and he chuckled. He retreated his arm then stood up. He knocked down my pikachu hood, ruffled my hair, and walked out of my room. "Get some sleep. You probably need it." He said as he left. I laid myself down, getting under the covers, then rolled over, turned out the lights, and closed my eyes. I thought about today and all that happened. People I'd never thought I'd be friends with are now, well, my friends. Sure, they may be weird, but they're cool. And they're kind of all I have. I usually try and keep to myself. I mean, I don't need friends. Why would I? They only get in the way of my life. I have Arthur. That's all I need. And now I have the four of them. They seem very welcoming and I think I'd be more than glad to call them friends.

With this thought in my head, I nuzzled into my pillow and smiled. My thoughts began to fade as my mind became fuzzy with sleep. Tomorrow was the last day before I had to go back to school. I wanted to make sure I was up and ready to make the most of it. And soon enough, I drifted off into a deep sleep.


Thank you guys so much for reading! And hah, funny story. The one reason I put the part about you laying on them during the movie was because that was EXACTLY what happened to me. Me and 4 other friend's were at my house studying for a final. We got bored and decided to watch a movie. They all took the couch, leaving me no room. I was gonna go sit on the other couch when they yelled at me to get back there and lay on them. So I did. Halfway though, one of the guys, being the jack ass he is, was all like, "WE MUST MAKE A SACRIFICE" and then one of the other guys was like, "Alright, on the count of three!" And then they pushed me off the couch. I was still holding on, so when I let go, my head slammed into the ground. Yes, it was carpet, but it was concrete underneath that, and VERY thin carpet. So I literally just laid there while my asshole friends talking about what would happen if I were to die. Turns out I had a concussion. I was actually just cleared a week or two ago. So, because of my stupid friends, I missed 4 softball games. SOFTBALL IS FUCKING LIFE. And the worst part is that only one of them feels bad. One yelled at me for getting a concussion, one kind of felt bad, and the other just completely ignored the fact that I even had a concussion. Some fucking friends I have. . .


>