

"Are you sure this must be done?" An unknown cat whispered with in the shadows of Skyclan.

"Yes, I am afraid that it is Maplestars time to leave Treeclan in the paws of a new leader. She has served a good nine lives and we will welcome her with an open heart. Blackfang will make a good leader in her place, I am sure of it." Another cat with a blue-grey pelt replied.

"I guess you are right Blueflower, I just wish that my daughters time didn't have to come so soon after me. Ambereyes is going to be devastated considering she just lost me 3 moons ago, and now to lose a daugher? Who knows what will happen to her." the dark brown tom meowed sadly as he walked out into the clearing

"Go now Brownfoot, Maplestar will need you to guide her to Skyclan, and she will not be hanging on to live in the living much longer. Blackfang will also be coming to get his nine lives tonight so we must prepare for then as well."


Meanwhile with the clan a few moments after the previous scene took place


"Let all those old enough to catch their own prey gather beneath the high branch for a clan meeting!" Blackfangs call rang among the trees and many murmurs spread throughout the clan wondering if it was news on their leaders condition and why she wasnt calling the meeting.

"Blackfang what are you doing up here?" One of the elders dared to challenge.

"I am sorry to announce that our beloved leader Maplestar has passed in her sleep from her case of greencough. Skyclan will welcome her for her courage, kindness and brave spirit for she was a great leader and should not have died so young." Many murmurs of sadness could be heard especially from Ambereyes, and you could see Maplestars younger sister trying to comfort her mother.

"As you know though, we must continue to be strong so I must announce my deputy before I head to moon cave to receive my nine lives from Skyclan. I say these words so Maplestar may hear and approve of my choice, Sandwillow will be the next deputy of Treeclan!" Many surprised gasps went around the clearing but they soon turned to cheers knowing that Sandwillow and Maplestar were very close sisters.

"Sandwillow! Sandwillow! Sandwillow!" the clan cheered.

"That is all, I must go receive my nine lives from Skyclan. Sandwillow you will be in charge while I am gone, the clan needs more fresh kill so that would be a good way to start."

"Of course Blackfang, may Skyclan go with you." Sandwillow replied happily.

Later on at Mooncave

"Now Blackfang, touch your nose to the cave wall and Skyclan will send you dreams." Bumbleflight murmured quietly.

"Welcome Blackfang!" Called a dark gray tom with big bright yellow eyes.

"Stormfang is that you?" Blackfang gasped in suprise.

"Yes, it is me my apprentice, and if it is alright with you I will give you your first life." Blackfang could only nod as his mentor came up to him "I give you the life for loyalty to your clanmates and Skyclan even in the darkest times ahead. Don't be afraid to seek help when it is needed, and know who to trust." Stormfang murmured.

Soon all the other 8 cats came and gave him lives and Maplestar was the last to do so.

"I now hale you by your new names, Blackstar! your old life is no more and your new one is just beginning. Protect our clan well, and you did well picking my daughter as deputy."

"Thank you Maplestar, and Skyclan I will do my best to be the leader my clan deserves." Blackstar announced

"Be warned Blackstar, dark times are coming to your clan and there is no stopping it. 'Four will become five, one will become 2 under the help of the sky. Darkness will rise and the stars will fall, and a new beginning will begin.' That is a dangerous prophecy and you may need to travel great distances to protect those that you love and care about." with that Blackstar jolted awake.

"Are you ok Blackstar? You did receive your nine lives right?" Bumbleflight asked hastily.

"Yes I did Bumbleflight but i was given a prophecy and it worries me 'Four will become five, one will become 2 under the help of the sky. Darkness will rise and the stars will fall, and a new beginning will begin.' Maplestar told me it was a dangerous prophecy and I fear that the clan will soon be in danger. Maybe its our territory and we might have to leave soon. For now we rest and prepare for the worst and go on like nothing happened though, I do not wish to disturb the clan." Blackstar decided warily.

"Very wise decision Blackstar and I agree with you, bringing this news to them will only cause havoc."

"Then it is agreed, this stays between us, not even your apprentice should hear a peep." they nodded and with that went on the long journey back to the clan.

>