
CASTAWAY

 

 

CHAPTER 1: LAND OF THE LIVING
It had been a warm start
to summer in Japan, and the children of Odaiba Primary School had taken it as a
very hopeful sign of things to come- namely, the summer holiday, soon to grace
the course of their bright young lives. The result, as is the case in schools
all over the world, this particular Friday afternoon had been more than a
little chaotic. Not very surprising, and even less pleasing to the teacher of
the class who had been left to clear up the mess.

And so, twenty year old
Kari Takaishi responded in the best possible way that she could, given her
situation- leant back in her chair and rubbed the bridge of her nose with her
thumb and forefinger. This was, according to the class' normal teacher Mrs
Horaki, one of the worst times of the year. She sincerely hoped she was right.

She didn't mind working
with children of course, no, it wasn't that. She had willingly made them her
career-to-be, but when she accepted the school's offer to let her get some
experience here this wasn't exactly what she had had in mind.

It was her personal
opinion that the school's willingness for her to work for them and at this time
of year was more than a simple coincidence. Mrs. Horaki must have had enough of
a hyper class, and so made the arrangement for a student teacher to escape for
a while. All Kari could do now was grin and bear it... But at least they were
paying her.

Aside from a new entry for
her C.V., it got her much needed money to support herself and her husband
whilst he finished off his first book. Takeru had become quite skilled at
writing, gaining recognition by writing articles for newspapers and magazines,
and was now moving into the realm of novels, using his experience of the
Digital Wars as a source of endless ideas. When he was done, they were quite
confident that the sales would keep them well financed for quite a long time,
and she would be able to concentrate on finishing her course on childcare at
university.

But until then, she would
have to stick with jobs like this, even if it meant cleaning up all the time.

Kari stood and frowned at
some of the scattered chairs, willing them to tidy themselves. When they did
nothing, she decided to go with the more realistic option and moved a few back
to their places.

"You needn't worry about
them dear" someone sad from behind her. She turned to see one of the school's
cleaners. "You look worn out, a tough day?"

Kari smiled at her.

"You might say that," she
said, with a lopsided grin. "These kids are going to be the death of me."

"Heh, I don't envy your
job. We might have to clean, but at least we don't have to put up with the
little monsters!"

"Well, they aren't so bad
all of the time. Just depends on what the time is, really."

"I'll believe it when I
see it dear. You go on home, I'll finish up here- you look like you could use a
rest."

Kari thanked her and
picked up her shoulder bag from the large teacher's desk. She departed the
classroom after looking briefly out of a window-covered wall. It was a nice
room really, built alongside the corridor to the rest of the school. To
compensate for how this limited the light that would get in from that
direction, the opposite wall was covered with large windows. It gave a free
airy feeling, one which she and the children enjoyed.

As she got into her small
blue car, and turned her thoughts towards spending her weekend with her
husband, she couldn't help but smile. She was going shopping with Sora on
Saturday- that was always something to look forward to.

----------

In the east, a young man
looked at the fruits of his labour. A small wooden raft- nothing special, but
hopefully enough to get him to the mainland. It had taken him six years to get
the parts to make it, and a further few months waiting for the right time to try
it out.

The weather had been good
for a few days, and as had been shown in the past it remained fairly warm
around this time of year. Soon he would have his chance... Soon, the wind would
be blowing in the right direction.

It was just a matter of
time, and then... Perhaps... He could see them again.

----------

Takeru, known as 'TK' to
his friends, smiled at the man across the desk as he handed over some money.

"Thank you,
sir,"
The
redhead said, "and I hope you enjoy your alcohol and it's yummy goodness!"

"No, thank
you
for
your incredible service! My, were it not for your apron, I would think I was in
a top class restaurant!"

Davis laughed at his
friend's sarcasm.

"Yeah, well, just you
wait! Soon I'll have enough money to get my own place- somewhere really posh,
an' all the rich folks will come and eat my food, and then
I'll
be
rich!"

"Or you'll get a noodle
stand or something."

"Hey, whatever goes."

Ever since he left school,
Davis had discovered he had quite a talent for cooking (at least for a male,
anyway). Being one to brag, he had displayed his superiority over TK in that
department as often as he could, and had one day told them all that he had got
a job in a top class restaurant. In fact, he had a job on the till in a café,
but he didn't need to mention that. Sora had found out soon enough anyway, when
she came in to buy a Pepsi.

Besides, it was a nice
enough place. Not the best, but better than most: the tables were clean and
were arranged neatly, plus the staff were polite. Finally, it was placed right
between TK's apartment and Sora's, so it was convenient for meeting up.

It was Davis' goal to work
in a fancy place, so he was working here now to get some money stashed for when
he needed it, and so far he had been doing rather well.

"So, heard from any of the
others recently?" he asked.

TK let out a small sigh.
"No, not for a while. It's hard to contact them nowadays, especially Matt-
always on tour or recording something. Him and his band..."

"Well if ya ask me, Sora
did the right thing getting away from him before he became popular outta Japan.
God knows what she would have done, him being away all the time and her in
university."

"Yeah, I agree, I suppose.
Besides, last I heard, he'd met some nice lady in America."

"Who? The Pink One?"

TK grinned at the
nickname.

"No! Mimi isn't a
two-timer, and she isn't going to give up Izzy that quick. It's some other girl
he met on tour, part of the stage crew I think. She's quite nice too,
apparently."

Davis opened his mouth to
reply, when a voice interrupted him.

"Hey! I hate to break you
guys up, but there IS a queue back here, you know!"

TK looked back at the
people behind him, and gave them an innocent smile, before gathering the three
cans of beer he had bought for his friend and wife.

"Sorry! Hey, it's good to
see you again Davis- perhaps we could meet up one evening?"

"Sure. I should be free
next week- you have my number, right?"

"Yep. I'll give you a call
then, bye!"

TK turned and headed
towards the seating area of the rather large café, where the rest of the group
were waiting, a smile on his face. Between writing and his part time job at the
local council office, he didn't get too much free time to see his old friends-
having a laugh with Davis would make a nice break. He arrived at the table to
find Kari and Sora talking about something that had happened the other week at
Odaiba Primary.

"The kid did
what?"
Sora
said, grinning at her friend from across the table.

"Painted his face! I mean,
he really painted it with those poster paints in the big tubes. He thought it
would come off easily like the proper face paint does, and when he realised it
wouldn't..." Kari paused, laughing a bit with the older woman. "When his mother
saw him, she went ballistic! She started to try and wash it off right away, but
of course it wouldn't come off!"

TK sat down at his seat
and handed out the canned drinks whilst bathing in the warm and friendly
atmosphere that had developed around them.

"Bright blue too," he
added. Sora popped her can burst out laughing.

"It sounds like something
Tai would so," she replied whilst lifting the beer to her lips. As soon as the
words had left her mouth, they all paused and fell silent.

Immediately, the carefree
air that has been present drained away, leaving one of guilt- most of all, over
the oldest of the group.

"I wish he was here," Sora
said quietly.

"So do we."

----------

Sora lay in bed, looking
up at her ceiling. She didn't know how long she had been there- minutes? Hours?
She didn't care, because it didn't matter. All that did was her guilt of her
assistance with driving Tai to his depression and departure from this world.

"So, um, Sora, you goin' to the concert with
anybody? I mean, not that it matters to me...just wondering."






"...I wanna
be available in case Matt is free afterwards..."







"Oh, I
see...Matt, huh?"


Matt…


"I-It's
okay..."







"Y-you're
not mad at me, Tai?"







"No,
of course not! Now get in there and say hi to Matt for me!"






Of course he
couldn't be mad. He was their leader! He
couldn't
show any weakness, any
sadness, else it might undermine their morale!

How could she have been
such a fool not to have realised that! And yet, she didn't notice. He appeared
happy when she spoke to him, but as time went on, she saw him less and less in
favour for Matt…

After he left,
at his funeral, Kari had told her how it had been all of them that had
destroyed him. How they all appeared to abandon him- how they had failed him,
as his friends. Even though she knew that there was no body, she broke down completely
at his empty coffin. Because after all had been said and done, she felt
something for Matt- yet, it had taken Tai's death for her to realise that she
felt something much deeper for him.

Her recent
troubles did not help. The clothing business that she had started was not going
well, and if she didn't get some more customers soon, she would be in serious
financial trouble...

She knew that
if Tai were here, he would do something. He would make things okay. Because he
always did.

Sora stayed
there for a long time, but eventually cried herself to sleep. And, when she
did, she felt very cold and very alone.

----------


"He's depressed TK, I
mean really depressed! It's scaring me! What if he goes and does something
stupid?"







"I know, but surely he
wouldn't... He has too much to live for. He has good grades now, so he'll be
able to do whatever he wants in life..."







"I know, but you know
how the others treat him now..."







"...yeah, I know. But
what can we do? We can't force them to see him if they're busy..."







"They're always busy,
even Sora and Matt! They were supposed to be his best friends!"







"Most likely they are
'busy' with each other."







"..."






"Tell you what, Kari. It's his eighteenth birthday in a
couple of weeks, isn't it? How about we get him to come to America about a week
after we go, and whilst we're waiting for him to arrive we can set up something
to show him that someone cares."






"Like what?"







"How about an
enormous-"


"...party for his
retirement dinner, and they invited me to go along!"

TK grinned at his wife
over the lasagne that he had cooked especially for her, yet his smile felt
false and wooden. She had developed quite a thing for Italian foods over the
last few years, and whilst there were many dishes that he disliked, he had to
admit that this one was pretty good. Regardless, he would have cooked anything
for her right now- heck, he would get Davis to do it if it would help. Kari
needed cheering up soon. He hated it when she was depressed.

And it was always for the
same reason.

"That's great dear," she
mumbled absently over her dinner whilst poking at it with her fork.

He mentally winced as his
face dropped. Not even news of his boss' retirement party (whom he rather
disliked) had made any effect. Nothing had, since Sora had made that slip up in
Davis' café. Sora would be just as bad, but he couldn't stay with her- she had
to go home early due to her having the early shift in her mother's flower shop
in the morning. They were both going to be thinking about Tai for a while now.

"Kari... You can't go on
like this. I know it's hard, I mean, he was a like a role model to me, but he's
gone... You have to-


"-finish packing, else
you'll miss your plane."







"I have a bit of time.
TK and his mother should be here in an hour, so I have till then."







"Good. I'm glad that he
will be there- He'll look after you. If it were Davis, then I wouldn't even
give you a week head start."







"You'd better catch up
with us soon! I don't want to see all the sights without you around, Tai."







"I'll be right behind you."







"Maybe you can see Sora
before you go?"







"Nah. She's been trying
to get into uni, so… I don't want to bother her."







"She's busy? But...
She's been going around with Matt…"







"..."







"Are you sure you'll be
okay?"







"..."







"Tai?"







"...yeah. Don't worry about
me. I'm-"


"-not coming back," he
finished, as she blinked and snapped back to the present, though with awfully
bad timing.

Kari let out a loud sob,
and TK immediately moved around their dinner table to her side. He embraced her
as she clung onto him for dear life- crying for her lost brother.

It was a cruel twist of
fate that had befallen Taichi. After the wars, the Digidestined had returned
home, and over the course of a few months had become reliant on communication
through e-mail and such. No longer fighting to protect a world, they had no
reason to need a leader- Tai lost his position among them.

It was no reason to lose
their friendship though. He didn't lose it overnight- it faded as the others
became more and more involved with each other. Sora's blossoming relationship
with Matt was a crushing blow to him. He did his best to carry on and fight his
jealousy of the blonde, which he did quite well, but once Jun saw them together
she began to (surprisingly) pine for Joe. Mimi came back to Japan a year later,
and Izzy stuck to her like glue. Kari had, for the most part, stayed around TK,
who had remained in the new group of Digidestined.

The result was that Tai
was left alone. He hated that more than anything. It changed him- he became
quiet and withdrawn, which Kari found disturbing to say the least. She did her
best to keep him company, TK helping whenever he could, but it didn't seem to
help much. The leader of the Digidestined became a shadow of his former self,
only speaking when he had to, rarely leaving the family's apartment.

It was soon before Tai's
eighteenth birthday when TK invited Kari on holiday to America with him. She
was worried about leaving her brother, but TK had an idea- how to show him that
some people cared about him. A party, to which they would get as many of the
Digidestined to go as possible. When they had been told of the state Tai was
in, they had all agreed to the idea. They all arrived in America a day or two
before, and all prepared a celebration for him, a special eighteenth birthday
party.

But the plane... and
Tai... never arrived.

Why, they did not know
until hours later.

Something had happened,
quite what they didn't know, but the plane had gone straight down. By the time
rescue teams had arrived, the plane wreck had long since sunk. There were no
bodies.

Taichi Kamiya was presumed
dead.

Kari had been distraught.
She loved her brother, and for him to go so sadly, after being practically
forgotten by those whom he was closest to, was devastating. And, two years ago,
her parents had died in a car accident, leaving the poor girl alone. She needed
support, someone to rely on, and so TK had married her soon afterwards.

Some said that it was form
desperation, but Takeru didn't believe so. They were happy, and they had money
to set themselves up (thanks to Tai's bank savings being given to them). They
had been doing okay, but sometimes she would just fall apart like this...

It truly frightened him.

>