


Hey guys! This is my first modern Hijack so please be nice! Please review too if you can, I would like some criticism but please be kind. Thanks for reading! I love you all!


I woke up from the sound of people talking and trucks pulling in. I knew people were moving in next door but I didn't think they were going to arrive at freakin' one in the morning. I sat up in my bed and sighed.

'Hiccup! Get up! We're helping next door move in!' I heard my Dad shout from down stairs. I rolled my eyes and got up off the bed and moved to my wardrobe. I picked up a dark green hoodie and put it on and then some black skinny jeans. I walked down the stairs, barely awake. And put my converse on. I opened the front door and saw it was snowing. I wasn't a grumpy person but getting up at one in the morning and having to walk in the snow was bringing out the grumpiness in me. I walked across the road seeing a rather large man with a white beard and big brown eyebrows… he sort of reminded me of Santa Claus.

'Oh hello! You must be Hiccup, no?' The Russian man said rather loudly. He put his hand out for me shake. I shook it and I felt like my arm was going to drop off because of how much he shook me.

'Yes Sir, that's me.' I said politely.

'Call me North!' He said loudly.

'Okay, so want me to carry some boxes in?' I said smiling at the man now known as North.

'Yes yes yes, thank you. They're all in the truck.' He said walking into the house with two rather large boxes. I walked towards the truck and grabbed a box, then regretting it as I couldn't even see over it. So I walked towards the house looking down at the floor so I knew where I was going. When I walked across the snowy garden I felt someone bump into me, I slipped on the snow and the boxes went up in the air. I then opened up my eyes to see a boy about my age with hair as white as the snow on the ground and with big blue eyes smiling at me with his arm around my waist, pulling me to a stand.

'You okay clumsy?' He asked with his hand still on my arm making sure I wasn't going to fall again. I found myself staring into his blue eyes. He rather cute-
what...no….hiccup you weirdo.


'Er…yeah I'm fine…er thanks.' I said bending over to pick up the things that fell out of the boxes. He bent down too and helped. For a brief moment his hand touched mine. We glanced at each other for a slight second and I quickly moved my eyes and hand away.

'So what's your name clumsy?' He asked putting the last of the things in the box and picking it up.

'Oh it's Hic-' I was cut off by my dad.

'Son can't you do anything without disaster falling!' He said picking up another box to put in the house.

'Apparently not…' I murmured taking the box from the blue eyed teen and walking to the house, looking down but looking where I was going carefully.

.

The next morning…or a few hours later I should say. I woke and went down for breakfast, but then looking at the clock and noticing I was a little late. I skipped the food and washed my face and hair, put my clothes on, got my bag and put my shoes on.

I was two minutes away from my house when I noticed I was freezing. I put my hands together and breathed warm air into them. Then suddenly I felt my body falling backwards onto the ice.
Great…again…really?


I rubbed the back of my head as it hurt like hell and looked up.

'Hey you okay clumsy?' The boy standing over me putting his hand out for me take
. And of course… it was the boy from yesterday… he must have seen me fall… could this day get any worse?
I took the boys hand and stood up. His hands were very cold, almost ice. He smiled and I thanked him again. He didn't pull his hand away and I felt my face going red. He noticed he was still holding my hand and his cheeks went a light shade of pink. We then started walking.

'So are you going to my school?' I asked wondering why he was walking with me.

'Haha yeah, Berk high right?' He said with a smile, he had a nice smile...
god Hiccup stop these thoughts!


'Yeah, what year you in?' I asked trying to make conversation.

'Eleven, you?' He said smiling. He probably thought I was younger than him, well I did look younger. I was about half a foot shorter than him. He was rather lean but not as skinny as I am.

'Same.' I said trying to warm my hands up again.

'You cold?' He said sounding worried.

'Yeah but it's fine.' I said looking over to him smiling, he was taking his scarf off. He wrapped it around my neck and smiled. 'oh...err thanks.' I said looking down, I could smell the scarf, not on purpose obviously. But it smelt like snow, it was rather relaxing.

'No problem..erm..' He stopped and tried to remember my name. 'I didn't catch your name yesterday, sorry.'

'Oh it's Hiccup, my real names Harry but everyone calls me Hiccup.' I said as we were nearly at school.

'Aw that's cute. Mine's Jack, Jack Overland.' He said smiling putting out his hand. I took it and he was still as cold as ever. Wait…cute? My face went warm again.

'Your hands are really cold.' I said, then he took his hand away quickly. His face dropped.

'Oh erm sorry, I like the cold. Hope that's not a problem.' He said looking away with every few words.

'Oh no no no it's fine! Don't be sorry, I like the cold anyway.' I said smiling at him warmly. His face lit up and he smiled, showing his very white teeth.

Then we walked into the school together.

'So what do you have today?' He asked still walking with me, I thought he would have ditched me by now but he hadn't left my side.

'I have History first with Mr Burns, then Art with Mrs Williams, English with Mrs Woodruff, P.E with Mr Simon and then Health with Miss Jones.' I said reading out my timetable to him.

'Oh great we have the same! Well except History, could I wait for you outside your class?' He asked still smiling. I was surprised he wanted to but I didn't argue.

'Yeah sure, it's in C11. See you then?' I said going a different way than Jack.

'Yeah see you then Hic. Don't miss me too much.' He said grinning.

'I'll try.' I sang smirking at the boy.

Then I turned walking to my class. I went into History with a large smirk on my face that day.

>