

A/N: Set during Emperor's New School, set around when Kuzco shared a room with Pacha's kids and the beginning of summer vacation, story will have some similarities to Mulan and Anastasia, maybe even a few other films.


Italics: Thoughts/flashbacks




Bold/Italics: Flashback quotes




Disclaimer
: I own nothing.

Hope you all enjoy!


Summer's Storm War



Chspter 1: A Storm Is Coming


"

That young boy is not fit to be emperor!"



"

He has no honor, no wisdom, and no will power!"



"

His father was the perfect image of an emperor to a great empire since his birth, this boy he helped give life to is an arrogant spoiled brat! Completely undeserving to rule an empire!"



"

He'll never have the same honor and grace his father had."




A young eleven year old Kuzco peeked inside one of the many rooms of his palace. He heard murmuring coming from one of the rooms and caught sight of many of the elders living inside the palace. He wondered what they were discussing. His answer was less than pleasant as he eavesdropped from a crack of the door. Part of him felt betrayed and guilty as he lowered his head down and low with strands of his hair blocking the sides of his face, another part of him was was half willing to barge in there and explode at all of them for speaking ill of him, he stood himself straight and reached for the knob confidently ready to give all of those inside a piece of his royal mind, but before he could touch the knob, before finally understanding what all the elders inside were talking about. His face lowered again as he realized if he just barged in there and banished all of them then everything they're talking about was true, and he didn't want to satisfy them with that. He was the emperor, other people were supposed to satisfy him, not the other way around. Kuzco gave a small growl before stomping away and running off to his bedroom.



Once inside his room Kuzco grabbed his Wompy and held it tight against his face and chest and screamed in it. This was nothing new. He knew a lot of people didn't like him for thousands of reasons, the biggest was when they compared him to his father and noticed the stretching difference the two of them had. He knew his father was a great man. Yzma would sometimes talk about him, so would many of the other people within the palace whom either once knew his dad or knew of him and how his leadership benefited to the people of the kingdom greatly. Kronk, Yzma's assistant showed up immediately before Kuzco's dad left but he had mentioned to him once how Kuzco's dad practically saved everyone in his village from a drought with the help of the village leader. Sometimes people talked about how his father loved his son Kuzco so much he'd even had a school built in his name, and even named the money after him as soon as his son was born, just so people could bask in the greatness his heir will become when he reaches maturity. Yzma had even mentioned to him once his father had many plans for him as he ages which he unfortunately kept secret from everyone else. Kuzco knew his dad will be gone for a long time, by now most likely forever, he found himself wondering if his dad was so great why was he so different from him? Had he stayed and his mother never passed away would things have been different? Would he be the honorable charismatic leader or heir he thinks himself to be? Why his father left, no one will ever truly know for sure, once his father was declared missing and most likely never to return his mother died of a broken heart.



Kuzo reached inside his royal robe and pulled out half of a locket. His father, the great emperor gave this to him when he was a baby before he left. The other half was taken by his dad. Only two things from what Kuzco knew connected him to his dad, the half locket and the same llama shaped birthmark the two of them had.



Kuzco rarely ever pulled out his locket, he didn't like looking at it because it continuously reminded him someone very important who had loved him was gone and is never returning to complete this royal artifact. However he liked the feeling of the locket against him, it always gave him a small sense of hope. What he was hoping for, he never understood what. Was he hoping for his dad to return? Greatness in the near future? Was he hoping some of his father's greatness and/or personality would somehow rub off, on him through the locket? Kuzco wasn't sure. Then there was the birthmark. Despite llamas being his favorite animal he hated his birthmark more than anything. It was always used as an excuse to compare him to his father somehow. Just because of that mark people expect him and his father to have some sort of spiritual connection and somehow his dad will lead the empire through Kuzco. Remembering this Kuzco angrily threw down his Wompy.




That doesn't mean I'm HIM!"


Kuzco shouted frustrated. Kuzco quickly lifted up his Wompy and held it tight quickly apologizing to it and placing it on his bed. He sat down his back against the wall beside his bed. He grabbed the locket and looked at his birthmark and threw himself back first against the bed frustrated and angry and called up at the ceiling.


"

What am I doing wrong? What am I supposed to do? How am I supposed to be you? Can I be me and you at the same time dad? I don't even know who you really are!


"

Kuzco laid in silence waiting for an answer, when nothing responded he rolled on his side angrily muttering a bit before a blast of thunder scared and startled him.


Kuzco's eyes shot open as the thunderstorm raged outside Pacha's hut. He felt a cold piece of slightly heavy metal pressed against him. He pulled it out from inside his pajamas and realized it was just his locket. He noticed flashes of lightning outside from small cracks of the window of the bedroom he sahred with Chaca, Tipo, and Yupi, Pacha's and Chicha's (his guardians') kids. Kuzco placed the royal artifact back and looked around the room. Chaca, Tipo, and Yupi were all sound asleep on their side of the room. Kuzco rolled off his side and lied on his back instead and heard the thunder and rain going off outside. Mother Nature must've decided to stir up a summer storm before vacation started. Kuzco wasn't sure what time it was, all he knew was that when the sun rose up he'd have to get up to go to his last day of school before the summer break. Kuzco was annoyed now, knowing he would have to endure the last day of school sleepy and with the haunting memory of a dream he had of a time when he was eleven. Not to mention everything outside would be damp and slippery in the morning.

Unbeknownst to everyone in the Incan Empire, large ships had made their way up north to the Aztec Empire nearly two months prior. The unknown invaders made it to the Aztec shore and immediately started attacking and stealing anything in sight.


XXXX


When it was finally morning in the Incan Empire, Chicha's voice called up to the kids and teen telling them to get ready for their last day. When everyone was finally downstairs Chicha and Pacha quickly noticed Kuzco's odd behavior. They highly expected him to be bouncing around the house excited for it being the last day of school and a long summer break starting. They'd even taking the liberty in Kuzco proofing the hut the previous day ready for Kuzco's macro-mini-celebration. The teenage emperor to be sitting at their breakfast table looked like a boy who had a rough night. Ordinarily Chicha would be the first to speak up and ask the kids what's wrong but Pache decided to go first this time. Pacha cleared his throat and spoke to get Kuzco's attention.

"Kuzco, everything alright?" Pacha asked. Kuzco head lifted up tiredly.

"Huh? …Oh, yeah." Kuzco mumbled before he finally stopped twirling his food with his fork and started eating. Chicha shared a look with Pacha completely unconvinced.

"Are you sure Kuzco, was it the storm that kept you up?" Chicha asked. Kuzco thought for a moment before saying, "Yeah, I barely got any sleep last night." Kuzco demonstrated this with a yawn, before getting up from the table ready to head off to school.

"Oh speaking of school," Chicha said deciding to hold the conversation about Kuzco's behavior for after school, "Kuzco, would you mind dropping Chaca and Tipo off? Pacha and I wanna head down to check up on the llama pen as soon as possible."

"Yeah, sure." Kuzco called out from the door way a hint of distraction in his voice. Chicha made a face and walked up to Kuzco in the living room.

"Okay, now I know something's wrong with you." Chicha said as she left the kitchen talking to Kuzco.

"What do you mean?" Kuzco asked.

You never agree to take Chaca and Tipo, to school when I tell you to." Chicha said. Kuzco shrugged and said,

"Was this some sort of test or something? Besides it's the last day, one day won't kill me." Chicha shook her head and sighed.

"Kuzco, is there something bothering you?" Chicha laid a hand on Kuzco's shoulder.

"You know you can tell Pacha and I anything right?" Chicha said. Kuzco looked down and said said, "Well…" He was interrupted when Chaca and Tipo came out the kitchen calling out, "Bye dad, bye Yupi, bye mom! Chicha kneeled down to give her kids hugs and kisses wishing them a happy last day and sending them out the door with Kuzco, before calling out to the teen,

"Kuzco, keep your head up high, but out of the clouds, you hear me?"

"Yeah I hear you!" Kuzco called out back, with a backhand wave, smiling as he was looking over his shoulder to Chicha and Pacha, who was now at the door beside Chicha. Kuzco had actually sounded like he heard her, leaving smiles on Pacha's and Chicha's faces.

On the way down Chaca and Tipo splashed around the puddles left behind by the storm.

"Can you two not splash so much?" Kuzco asked. Chaca toned down her splashing a little but Tipo completely ignored him and continued on with his splashing and giggling.

"Oh hey, Kuzco, why were you all upset earlier? Chaca asked. Kuzco made a face before replacing it with a happy confident look and claiming in an overly confident voice,

"Upset?! Me? Kuzco? I'm never upset about anything! I mean come on, you guys know me! I'm cool, confident, Kuzco!" Chaca and Tipo giggled at this.

"Are you sure the words you were looking weren't, arrogant and cocky?" Chaca asked.

"No," Kuzco said, "cuz then the acronym would be ACK. And that does not sound like me." Chaca laughed lightly before Tipo accidently splashed her.

"Hey!" She cried out. Then it was Kuzco's turn to laugh.

"Not funny Kuzco!" Chaca warned him.

"Well it's funny from where I'm standing." Kuzco said between chuckles. At that Chaca took the liberty to stomp on a puddle between her and Kuzco resulting in Kuzco to jump back and slipping off the last step of the hill. Chaca and Tipo both laughed at him.

"Oh, you two just asked for it!" Kuzco said challengingly with a smirk on his face. His hand had landed on a small puddle and he flung what little dirty water he could at them. Chaca and Tipo yelped and backed away and took off running down the pathway that lead to their school with Kuzco racing beside them. Their walk to school had become a race to see who gets to school without getting splashed at by your opponents.

When the three of them finally arrived at Kuzco Acadamy they found they were lucky enough not to get drenched with their splashing but definitely needed to dry off a bit. Kuzco left Chaca and Tipo to get to their classes in the lower level of the school while he went up to get to his first period in the higher levels. On the way up Kuzco thought about how the walk to school had actually been fun, despite living with them, he hardly ever plays with Chaca, Tipo, or Yupi, of course there had been that previous summer before Kuzco was taken off the thrown to go to school, he'd spent a lot of time with Pacha and his family at the summer home he'd built for vacation, he wondered why he shouldn't just spare a little bit of time ever now and then to hang out with Chaca, Tipo, and Yupi?


I'm the emperor, people are supposed to satisfy me, not the other way around!


Kuzco stopped in his tracks, remembering that old phrase he continuously repeated to himself like a mantra when he was eleven and part of his early teen years. He remembered it from his dream last night He hasn't said that to himself in a long time.

"Hey Kuzco!" Malina said calling up to him with a wave.

"Oh hey, Ma-lina." Kuzco said in his usual "flirting-with-Malina" voice. Malina rolled her eyes and smiled.

"So how's it going? Did you hear that giant storm last night?"

"Of course I did, I live at the top of the hill." Kuzco said.

"Oh right, did you manage to get any sleep? Cuz I could see some tiny black bags under your eyes." Malina teased. At this Kuzco paniced and opened his locker to pull out his mirror and check his face. Malina chuckled as Kuzco realized there was no sign of sleep deprivation on his face and placed the mirror back.

"Ha, ha, very funny." Kuzco said and walked beside Malina to their first class of the day.

"So what are you plans for this summer? Are you going to head back to your summer home and hang out with Pacha and his family their again like what you told me about you did last summer?" Malina asked.

"Still haven't made much plans yet, however I think I'd definitely look forward to a beach and a certain hottie-hot-hottie to be by my side." Kuzco said wiggling his eyebrows in Malina's direction. Malina gave a small scowl to Kuzco and rolled her eyes before saying, "Sorry Kuzco, but I actually do have plans this summer with my family."

"Really? Where are you headed?" Kuzco asked.

"My dad got invited by a few of his distant relatives to the Mayan Kingdom to help with the giant calendar project they've been working on and they asked me to help too! I'm so excited!" Malina said.

"Mayan?" Kuzco asked, "You're half Mayan?

"Well, me not specifically, my dad has a few relatives here and there. But you know I hear Ramon is half Incan and half Aztec." Malina said.

"well that explains the sound of his name." Kuzco muttered.

"Kuzco!" Malina scolded. Kuzco raised his hands up in defense while reluctantly apologizing.

"So tell me all about this giant calander project." Kuzco said.

"Oh, you don't want to hear about that." Kronk said popping out of nowhere.

It's some really horrifying stuff!" Kronk said.

"Horrifying?" Kuzco asked.

Malina sighed and said, "Kronk, there's really nothing horrifying about it."

"Oh but it is! I mean, who would want to make a calendar that's literally going to mark… JUDGEMENT DAY!" Kronk said with a gasp holding a fist against his chest and biting his lower lip.

"That calendar's going to tell us when the world's going to end?" Kuzco asked. Malina sighed again and said, "It might or it might not, I haven't grasped all the details yet, but I promise to tell you guys all about it when I get back."

"No! I don't wanna hear it!" Kronk said sticking his fingers in his ears before running off with a loud, "LALALALALA!" coming out of his mouth.


XXXX


The rest of the day went by fast, considering it was the last day. Most of the day was filled with either last minute pop quizzes which irked Kuzco greatly out of natural dislike of doing schoolwork and other parts of the day was mostly filled with watching documentaries as a recap for the class with the requirement of taking notes.

Until finally the last class of the day:

As Mr. M spoke to the class on the final day of school before summer vacation only one unruly student meant to rule the Kuzconian (Incan) Empire only sat staring at the clock as if willing it to go faster.

"Kuzco!" Malina whispered. The emperor to be turned his head to the hottie-hot-hottie and asked, "What? Can't you see I'm waiting for the bell to ring?"

"You have to pay attention, this could be important." Malina said. Kuzco sighed and turned to face Mr. M.

"I'm sorry to inform you students but this summer may not go as you planned, due to some unfortunate circumstances." Mr. M. stated sounding mournful.

"
Please don't say summer homework, I thought it was just a myth! Oh pretty please, please! Don't let it be summer homework!
" Kuzco begged in his head with a worried look.

"There have been some unknown invaders entering within the Aztec Empire our next door kingdom, The Empress Anacaona has made arrangements within our army to speak with the general and ask for reinforcements…". At this Mr. M's words flew out of Kuzco's ears and Kuzco's eyes widened as wide as they can possibly go with surprise and shock filling them before it was replaced with anger and a heavy glare formed in his eyes. Kuzco shot up from his seat and exclaimed,

"I never agreed to this!"

The whole class was taken by surprise at Kuzco's outburst as did Mr. M.

"Kuzco please sit back down and allow me to finish-"

"No!" Kuzco cut his teacher off and continued speaking, or more like exclaiming, "I never agreed to allow anyone from outside this kingdom to speak to the general, and especially getting my army involved with other kingdom's affairs. No one talks to the army before speaking to the emperor, it's a royal law!" While Mr. M. wiped the surprise from his face he continued speaking, "Well Kuzco considering you are currently at the moment not officially emperor I believe whoever is in charge of the palace while you're away made these arrangements without consulting you first."

"Well, who does this Empress Anacaona think she is, getting my soldiers and empire involved with her problems?" Kuzco asked his angry demeanor not soothing a bit.

"Kuzco, she is behaving in a way any leader would when they're kingdom is under siege. In the last two months half her army had already been wiped out and she is seeking an alliance from us, a neighboring kingdom. Think about it what if it was your kingdom in danger, you'd only have two options for an alliance either through the Aztecs or Mayans." Mr. M explained. At that Kuzco toned down his demeanor a bit.

"Kuzco…" Mr. M said, "You may not be crowned yet, but take this as your first real test as an emperor. It may seem unfair now, but you'll understand when you're older and a more experienced emperor Think of what you father would do in this situation..."

Kuzco's eyes widened at the mention of the former emperor, he knew exactly what his dad would do. Apparently that was something else Kuzco realized was different between him and Emperor Ayar-Manco, but Kuzco wanted people to trust his own judgment as well, he was sick of being compared to his father. Kuzco has heard enough stories about his dad to determine his personality, his father would help out of the goodness of his heart, but he'd still be endangering the innocent lives of his soldiers, tear families apart, and all for what? To save and form an alliance with strangers. Kuzco on the other hand wouldn't dare think about endangering his soldiers, sure sometimes he's taken advantage of people's servitude for selfish reasons, but he wouldn't send them off to defend strangers with their lives either. Strangers… who are probably currently in torture, and despair if he doesn't make a choice soon.

Kuzco sat down annoyed and frustrated without a word holding his head in his hands looking down at the desk. He knew everyone was probably staring at him, they have been the moment he spoke up. They were all probably thinking he was angry about the whole situation going on outside the Inca Empire, that was only half true, but this was something else entirely. This is the position rarely seen by anyone else, when a storm just as powerful as the one last night and the storm of a war arriving soon raged inside him. This is Kuzco when he's thinking,

"
Even when my dad's not here, he's still always right…"


A/N:

Anacaona: Means Golden Flower
Ayar-Manco: Means The Most Successful

Please review and tell me if I should continue, I know there was a lot of OOCness here and there but I hope you all still enjoyed it!



Sincerely,





*SS8*



>