

A/N: Just to let you guys know, this story is not finished yet, and yes, for those of you who have seen the cartoon, Avatar The Last Airbender, yes I did borrow the name
Kuzon
from the episode
The Headband
. Only because it sounds similar to Kuzco.

Disclaimer: I don't own The Emperor's New (Fill blank here) franchise what's so ever.

Please review and recommend. :)

Previously on TLOKTU:

Chp. 1: Kuzco discovers a war is rising.

Chp. 2: Kuzco throws an end of the year party- completely aware but ignoring the fact that it may be his last time to be with his friends before the war.

Chp. 3: Kuzco attends a war meeting only to be thrown out unconcluded.

Chp. 4: Kuzco watches helplessly as one by one his friends, their families, and his host family are forced to be torn apart. - Kuzco runs away from his host-home with Misty the llama to fight the war in his guardian's place. – Tipo prays for Kuzco's safety.

Chp. 5: Kuzco and Misty arrive at camp where he meets:

School Bully

:
Kavo
,

School Friend

:
Guaca
,

Kronk's Younger Brother

:
Krank
,

Frenemy And Captain

:
Kronk
,

School Rival And Captain

:
Ramon
, - Under the guise of

Kuzon

to hidehis identity as emperor to be. –Here we also discover Ramon and Commander Aaron are related. –Kuzco and the new recruits are forced to fix the mess they made of the supply tent. -Clan Pacha reads Kuzco's goodbye letter.

Chapter 6: Spirit Guardian




Somewhere up in the heavens a message… a prayer, got through to a mysterious power worshipped by all the Incas. The prayer was small, yet heavy with light. If you lay a hand upon it you can feel the depth on how heartfelt and selfless the prayer was. That very heartfelt and selfless prayer is meant for the sake of someone else committing another selfless act. Those are one of the few most beautiful forms of prayers this mysterious power has ever been honored to witness from beyond the Earth. This young mortal man whom another mortal boy has chosen worthy to pray for is no ordinary human. The family of this young mortal was hand chosen by this mysterious power, generations ago, to rule an Earthly empire full of loyal worshippers to the mysterious power above. The one who filled the Earth with light. Now a descendant of the great line of royalty is in grave danger of losing his forefathers' throne if this prayer is not granted. The mortal boy who sent this prayer holds the young royal in high regards not only as ruler but as family and friend. Four more prayers ascended to him bearing many similarities to the first sent by the young boy. Together they grew strong and were determined to be granted together. The mysterious power gave heed to the prayers knowing he cannot ignore the strength of those prayers combined. He summoned a spirit to aid the young royal on his quest to protect those who prayed for him, however he cannot guarantee the royal will be returned home to them the same.



Village:


The family of Clan Pacha was bustling about at home trying to keep their minds off Kuzco. Which was easier considering all of Kuzco's friends were never coming around because they were all participating in the war effort so no one in town ever really asked about him, believing he was sick. The only times he was ever brought up was when someone else would bring up the subject of his actions the day of the draft. However no one ever included anyone from Clan Pacha in the conversation. That topic spread around like murmured gossip with people turning away from Pacha and/or Chicha and would silently murmur it while receiving angry and dirty looks from Pacha and Chicha.

One day when Chicha was delivering fruit around the village she came across Matilda(Kronk's aunt)'s house, she greeted her with a warm smile and invited her in.

"Hello Chicha how are you?"

"I'm… fine Matilda, thank you for asking, and you how are you holding up about your brother and nephews?"

"There tough men they can handle anything that comes their way. To be honest it's Kuzco I'm worried about. Would you like some tea?" Matilda headed for the kitchen where Chicha followed her in confusion.

"Kuzco? What do you mean? This conversation has nothing to do with him." Chicha said feeling slightly nervous.

"Do you like yours with cream, sugar?" Matilda asked.

"Matilda." Chicha said, her voice coming out stern trying to get the older woman's attention.

"You're lucky Urkon came to my house first asking for directions and I just happened to have mentioned he'll be seeing Pacha in his home because I witnessed a young man, quite possibly a nephew of yours riding off to the training camp wearing the assigned armor. That probably got him off your back's about why Pacha is still here and hasn't pressed the subject since he took charge of the village." There was a look of shock and horror on Chicha's face before she started speaking.

"It was you? You were the neighbor he was talking about? How did you know we would even use the same excuse? Why haven't you reported it?" Chicha sat down trying to take even breaths as she tried to calm herself down. Someone knew the secret and though Chicha liked Matilda she felt like she couldn't trust anyone in town anymore considering how they've been disrespectfully talking about Kuzco behind her and her family's backs. Matilda sat beside Chicha.

"Chicha calm yourself. I won't be telling anyone. I swear. I only chose to tell Urkon what I said, because I knew you would use the same excuse. Everyone in town knows you don't have an older child so I figured you'd say he was your nephew, and the mere fact that I mentioned it to Urkon before he got to you confirmed it, especially since you confirmed it without practice means he won't be badgering you and your family about him. Like his name, where he came from. He'll only be focused on running the village instead of exposing you. Chicha regained her breath back.

"Matilda, thank you. You have no idea how much we appreciate your help." Matilda smiled and nodded. She made her way to the kitchen to get the tea and handed one to Chicha to relax her.

Chicha was letting a few stray tears run down her face as she and Matilda sat at the table drinking their tea.

"Chicha, I understand the pain knowing a loved one has put themselves in danger for war. I won't lie, it hurts the worst and is far more frightening the first time their gone." Chicha nodded while whiping away her tears. "Keep Kuzco in your prayers and he'll be fine. I doubt the Sun God granted an impact like Kuzco to your family only to rip him away from you once you've developed a bond."

Chicha took a breath.

"It wasn't the Sun God who thrust Kuzco into my and my family's life. It was the selfish acts of a greedy old woman and the kindness of my husband's heart why Kuzco became part of our lives at all. From before he even moved in we were friends. Just friends with him. We'd visit the vacation home he built on the hill next to us, we'd visit him at the palace, he'd invite us to wonderful dinners, we'd go see amazing parades in the noble areas of the kingdom. After he moved in that bond shifted, and he became part of the family he became less like a friend that our family enjoyed to hang out with and more like a son who needed guidance, teaching, and overall raising. We just thought he had a fun personality for a time. He turned out to be very immature, self absorbed, and spoiled, (she definitely learned what her husband went through traveling with him, he could've warned them first) and though he got on my nerves I never wished any harm to him, and the thought of kicking him out of the house never crossed my mind. It never felt like the right thing to do, I'd feel like I'd given up on him. I would never do that to my own children, and at some point Kuzco became mine and Pacha's son," the tears were welling up in Chicha's eyes. "I don't see why he feels the need to…" Chicha covered her face a started to silently sob into her hands. Matilda stayed with Chicha the whole afternoon trying to help her get through the pain and fear.

Meanwhile back at the house Tipo was reading Kuzco's instructions trying to work on his techniques. They were helpful and at times even filled with funny stories. One of them even read. If Tipo didn't get a certain technique down right the first time to not worry about it, there had once been a time when Kuzco damaged property around the palace while practicing with his ball as a child. There was even a time when Kuzco was pretty sure he chipped one of Yzma's teeth when he'd accidentally kicked a ball once to her face. That got a chuckle out of Tipo. It was nice knowing that he and Kuzco weren't that much different at the age Tipo is now. It makes him feel closer to his friend. Though it would've been nice if Kuzco had been here to teach him himself. He took his ball to try kicking the ball into the net in single kick. Chaca was there posing as a goalie. He planted his feet to the ground hunched his shoulders he ran forward and kicked. The ball went flying at Chaca who barely missed the ball as she tried to catch it. It flew beneath her arms and hit the back of the goal net as she landed on the ground.

"I did it?! Tipo said. "I did it! Chaca did you see that!" Tipo asked excitedly. Chaca smiled crouching on the ground.

"Yeah." She got up and walked over to him and grabbed the notebook while flipping through the pages. "You'd make Kuzco proud."

"You think so?" Tipo asked.

"Yeah. I'm sure he would be."

From within the house Pacha watched his children with a small smile from the window. Pacha hadn't felt the desire to leave the house all that often especially since Kuzco's gone. He feels that isolating himself from the outside world is a deservable punishment for not being able to stop Kuzco from taking his place. He feels ashamed that Kuzco believes he owes him and that this is sufficient repayment. Pacha never felt like he was owed anything. Kuzco is his friend. More than that, he's family. I horrifying thought of fathers burying their sons crosses his mind and leaves a chill and hollow feeling in his chest which he quickly tries to shake off. He has to have more faith in Kuzco. If he doesn't believe in him Pacha would be the one to owe him mote than his life and he's tired of this idea that Kuzco feels like he's in debt to him and his family. Kuzco is family and you don't owe your family for caring for you Kuzco should know that.

No, Kuzco wouldn't know that. He grew up alone and raised by Yzma, she gave him no concept or idea of what it was like to grow up with a real loving family.

He sat down in the living room where he watched Yupi coloring on the floor with Wompy sitting beside him. He silently thought to himself hoping and praying for Kuzco's safety. Chicha tells him not to dwell on it too much, but how could he not? Kuzco's gone because of him, for him, if anything happens to him he'll never forgive himself. He only wishes his last conversation with Kuzco wasn't an argument. He hated how Kuzco felt responsible for the draft, he hated himself that he showed disappointment in him when Kuzco confessed he was kicked out of the war meeting for nearly attacking an incredibly disrespectful lieutenant, and was unable to be a part of the final decision process over the draft which he's sure by this point wasn't a process but a preconceived unstoppable plan all along. Kuzco no longer had any official power as Emperor any more he can no longer snap his fingers and fix everything suitable to his needs anymore. Pacha hated it even worse when he made Kuzco think he was too weak to rule his empire. The last way he ever wanted Kuzco to feel is weak. That's why he took off into the army, to prove he wasn't weak, and that he is a suitable emperor to the Inca empire. Pacha was sure that's why the council sent Kuzco home early they never wanted him there, but as
emperor to be
(Pachas's really starting to get sick of that phrase now Kuzco is their rightful emperor and everyone knows it)Kuzco had to be there at the war meeting and they used his actions as an excuse to send him home like he had his tail between his legs and decided to let other people handle his problems. That was not true. Of course Kuzco was just like that before but Pacha's seen him grow and mature a little over the time he's lived here. Kuzco was a fighter, he fought for what he believed in, fought to get his point across… and is now fighting for people he cares about. Pacha knows Kuzco cares about them, you don't tell a man, when you're locked in a dungeon with the threat of death looming over your head, that he's become a fatherly figure to you without it implying you care about him. Pacha sighed and rested his forehead on his fists. This is war. Who knows how long Kuzco will be gone and under a faux alias will make things difficult to get into contact with unless Kuzco contacts them first, which Pacha doubts he'll do. He really wishes their last conversation wasn't an argument. It'll be the worst memory Pacha would have to live with until Kuzco returns. Pacha's determined to keep his thoughts that way as a
when
not an
if
.

"Papa." Yupi says. Pacha looks up at him.

"What is it Yupi?"

"Ook!" Yupi says proudly while holding out a colorful drawing.

"Wow. What is it?" Pacha asks smiling down at his son.

"Yupi gets up while picking up Wompy and carries the drawing over to his father.

"Ook!" Yupi says again as he thrusts his drawing into his father's hand.

The drawing was colorful and a bit sloppy, however it looked like a winged reptile attacking or fighting a serpent.

"This is a really great drawing Yupi Pacha says smiling.

"'Ank you!" Yupi says happily.


XXXX


Kuzco crawled inside his tent that took him more than two hours to figure out how to build while rolling out his sleeping matt. He removed the black armor and laid down on the matt wearing a white t-shirt and shorts. He felt slight discomfort under his head and removed the black rope, letting his hair fall freely.

"
Mwa!
"

"Goodnight Misty." Kuzco said as he rolled to his side. He sighed to himself, to put it short, it was a horrible first day. He made a mess of everything and all the other recruits obviously hate him considering the number of times he got smacked and pushed every time another guy got near him, he needed to restrain himself from shouting his signature catchphrase, "
No touchy
!" at them. Everyone in the kingdom knew Kuzco despises being touched and anyone would instantly recognize the phrase. Whenever the urge rose he would think of Pacha and his family becoming separated and he himself permanently losing the throne. Kuzco shut his eyes tight trying to ignore the fact he was sleeping on the ground. Here he couldn't complain about how he slept, what he ate, or what he wore, he remembered the disaste that gave him and Pacha away when they were in disguise at a Mudka's Meat Hut when he started complaining about the food. Besides it's definitely not the first time he slept on the ground he mildly surprised himself on how willing he was to sleep on the ground without bothering to order Pacha to do the impossible and build him a bed in the middle of the forest when he was a llama, he was sure he could handle this.

…


Rustle
!
Rustle
!

"
MWA!
" Kuzco's eyes shot open and he shot up from the matt. He grabbed an arrow from inside the pouch he brought and poked his head out the tent.

"Misty." Kuzco whispered.

"Hey what do you think you're doing?!" A gruff voice whispered.

"Huh?" Who said that?" Kuzco said.

"Your hair man! Your hair! Someone could catch you!" Kuzco's eyes widened and poked his head back in the tent and poked it back out with his hair up behind his head like before. Kuzco stepped out of the tent, arrow in hand and looked around.

"Who… said that?" Kuzco found Misty hiding behind his tent. "Misty?" Misty shook her head.

"Down here!" Kuzco looked down and saw a talking…

"Wompy?" Kuzco said eyes widening and bending down to look at, not the cloth, hand stitched Wompy that he left with Yupi but one of the imitated smaller plastic Wompies whose heads pop off easily. The kind made by the royal toy maker.

"Nah uh, kid. The name's not Wompy. You can…" The small talking Wompy doll whipped its tiny head from side to side looking around. "Quick kid, get inside the tent. Kuzco felt his legs wobbling as he took a step back and tumbled to the matt on the floor.

The toy looked at Misty before walking in and said, "Feel free to stick your head in the tent if you wanna know what's going on."

"No way, I'm looking at a talking Wompy doll. This whole mess has to be a dream! There's no war, there's no talking Wompy…!"

"Denial will lead you nowhere kid. Pinch yourself." Kuzco stared at the plastic Wompy and made his thumb and forefinger reach for the skin on his arm. He shut his eyes bracing himself for the pain.

"Ouch!" Kuzco said as softly as he could. The little Wompy sighed while shaking his, its(?) head.

"Kid, If you can't handle little pain like that what makes you think you'll be able to survive training the next two weeks?" Kuzco looked at the living toy in shock before asking,

"What are you? How are you alive?" The Wompy toy looked up at him and started speaking again.

"One: the name's not Wompy. Two: You can call me Nahual I'm a guardian angel prayed for by Tipo and sent by the Sun God to guide and protect you."

"
Mwa!
"

"And I believe what the Llama, Misty here would like you to know is that I tried possessing her to get to you, which is why she panicked and I had to resort to my last choice because posing as a jaguar or any other animal would set your cover off.

Kuzco felt his mouth drop open slightly in shock.

"Ok… which question do I ask first?" Kuzco asked staring at Wo- Nahual.

"How about we start with what I'm here for." Nahual started. Kuzco nodded still staring at the talking toy.

"First off your highness, I'm here because your dear little brother prayed for you to have guidance and safety while you're away in battle. The Sun God paid heed and sent me down to look after you. It's a pretty noble thing what you're doing, I respect that, but pretty stupid when you think of the consequences. I'm here to make sure that doesn't happen.

"And… how are you going to do that? Wait, I don't have a little brother." Kuzco said looking down at Nahual.

"Oh well, can you tell me who this kid is then?" Nahual asked and created a magical floating image of a little boy playing fútbol. Kuzco looked at the boy and couldn't help the small smile on his face. He took a breath before speaking.

"That's Tipo, my human guardians' son." Kuzco said as he watched Tipo playing, probably from during earlier the day. Nahual looked at the image.

"Oh well, close enough." He said before making the image disappear." Listen kid, I'm going to make sure you don't get caught and keep you motivated in preparing for battle. If you fail you lose the throne. If you lose this war, it could spell doom for the whole empire, are we clear?"

"Yes." Kuzco mumbled.

"Sorry can't quite here you." Nahual said.

"I said yes." Kuzco said speaking a little more clearly.

"One more time."

"Yes we're clear!" Kuzco said, not loudly, more determinedly.

"Good. My first job as Spirit Guardian is to make sure you rest. I've kept you up long enough."

A/N: This story is not dead! This story will have a proper storyline and ending and you'll all know it aint finished till you see on your mobile device that little C meaning complete sign next to the comments symbol for those of you guys who read off your phones.

>