


KATIE


"Fight me."

For a 5"3 female I tend to say that a lot. To be perfectly honest, I don't see my height as a disadvantage at all. As my best friend Lou Ellen has a knack of reminding me, shorter people are closer to Tartarus. However, it does pose a bit of a problem when I'm trying to glare down at my annoyingly immature (sexy) brat of a boyfriend, none other than the infamous Travis Stoll. A task which becomes infinitely more difficult.

As expected, the Stoll just crosses his arms, looking down at me with a bemused expression on his face, that infuriatingly devilish smirk gracing his lips.

"Katie-Kat," he drawls, "Why would I ever take your bag of compost?"

"It's Pegasus manure," I correct, grinning inwardly when he grimaces. "Because you're a son of Hermes."

"Ouch."

"Or maybe," Connor says from his bed without looking up from his phone, "He gets off on fighting with you."

I can feel the flush heat up my face and when I look at Travis he's glaring at his brother.

"Just because you have no one to go to town with, doesn't mean you should spoil my fun."

"Not like you would know how it feels," the younger Stoll retorts.

"She's been gone a day."

Travis earns a scowl for that remark. "As I said, you wouldn't understand."

Connor then turns an imploring gaze on me. "Where has she gone anyway?"

"You know I can't tell you," I say, giving him a pointed look. This isn't the first time he's asked about Lou Ellen, even going as far to threaten me with pranks. In older times, Travis would have been more than happy to oblige with Connor's method of interrogation, however, since we're dating now, I guess Travis values our relationship and wisely chooses not to intercede.

Where is Lou Ellen exactly? Well currently, she's on a recruiting mission. The powers that come along with being a daughter of Hekate, the goddess of magic, are certainly valuable, so she's often asked to recruit the new demigods. Before leaving she'd made me promise not to tell Connor, and I don't blame her. He'd no doubt sulk, and even try sneak out and go on the mission with her. Mind you, he had tried, but let's just say Lou handled the situation magnificently. What can I say, after dealing with the Stoll's for years, one becomes acquainted with methods of taking care of them.

Now he's resorted to lying on his bed in a brooding heap, reading sad poems. And they say the Aphrodite kids are drama queens.

Travis shakes his head, turning back to me. "Whatever. You wanna' get out of here? Before frowny-face over there decides to start reciting 90's ballads."

He snickers and ducks as Connor throws his phone at his head.


"It's so weird, isn't it?" I say to Travis.

"Hmm?"

We're lying under Thalia's tree, Travis' head in my lap as I comb my fingers through his hair, delighting in the way he purrs in content.

"I said it's so weird that out of all the people in the world, Aphrodite decides that we would be great together."

He opens his eyes, catching onto the hint of apprehension in my voice.

"Aphrodite works in strange ways."

"I know," I say, getting a little worked up, "But we're complete opposites."

He sits up then, running a thumb across my lips. "Didn't you know Katie-Kat," his breath fans across my jaw as he leans in closer. "Opposites attract."

And when he kisses me, I know then, that I've completely and hopelessly fallen for Travis Stoll.


Okay omg, wth for some reason this chapter was making me get all choked up, idk why, maybe it's because I'm listening to a really beautiful song right no, or maybe because it's the last chapter of my story...please don't kill me. I KNOW IT'S BEEN SOOOO LONG AND I AM HONESTLY SO SORRY BECAUSE YOU GUYS ARE SO AMAZING AND SUPPORTIVE AND YOU HONESTLY DON'T DESERVE THIS...I just wanted to let you know that I probably won't be updating any more on here (HEAR ME OUT) and the reason for that is that when I started writing fanfiction on here, I was so young, and now reading back at some of the stuff I've published just makes me cringe. So, instead of re-editing (by which I mean re-writing the whole fanfic) I've decided to try my hand at writing my own story *gasp* I know, over on Wattpad (IK IK the betrayal) Anyway, if you don't hate my guts for this author's note, then feel free to check it out. Its a fantasy romance, (Which probably isn't too surprising since I m crazily in love with both fantasy AND romance, so BAM decided to make a fantasy romance sandwich) Anyway, it's called Rivals, and my username is raptor246 (or try searching Stay Creative, honestly I'm still getting the hang of Wattpad it's so different). SO if you want, feel free to check it out. ANYWAY I really hope you guys enjoyed this final Tratie chap, I definitely enjoyed writing it (ahh the memories) tbh

writing on here meant so much to me, and it definitely helped me get through so many hard times...I just want to say guys THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THE SUPPORT OVER THE YEARS! Anyway enough of this sappy nonsense, you're probably retching by now hahahahhahaha, surely this isn't what you signed up for. It was good to talk to you guys again after so long, but byee now. Stay creative :)


>