


AN: Well, before beginning I'm saying I think this is the last chapter; I wonder if I'll say that at the end.



I don't remember which episode, and to whom, Gibbs made the admission that he'd attempted suicide but his gun jammed. So I can't tell you how Tony knows... maybe Abby knew, and told Tony on an inebriated movie night?



I'm sorry for the delay – this chapter has given me so much trouble... don't like? Please be nice about it!


The Wife Didn't Do It

Chapter 9

Gibbs stared, completely taken aback. He'd admitted to what he'd done... wasn't that what Tony wanted? Why was he giving him that look? What
did
he want, blood? His stare became a glare, and he found himself heading towards his default setting – being right and yelling if that wasn't clearly understood. Maybe he should storm out and go for coffee. He hauled back; DiNozzo's expression had gone from exasperated, through despairing to pained; the younger man was ill, remember, and he watched him wince as he took a deep breath.

"You've got that look on your face, Boss..." Tony drew another long, cautious breath. "You're going defensive on me. I've not opened my mouth, yet." Another pause, while he reached down into himself for some mental stamina, since he was severely lacking in the physical stuff right now, and Gibbs also drew a deep breath although he had no idea what either of them was going to say. "Gibbs, I
know
what you
did
, I was there for a lot of it. I understood what was happening before
you
did. What I don't understand is
why
?"

Gibbs wasn't sure if it was the question or the tone in the enquirer's voice that floored him the most. Why...?

Tony could see there was no answer forthcoming; he could feel the pull of sleep at the edges of his consciousness, but he had to give Gibbs something to think about, since what he'd said yesterday had had no effect. He'd known since then, and realised it more since talking to Tim, that whatever happened, he was absolutely done with the status quo.


Be fair, Anthony, he's had no time to think about that – mind on other more important things.


No, Anthony argued back, if you go on saying 'more important' you're going to go on believing the same thing he does, that everything else
is
more important than you, and the 'you deserve better' is so many words, three to be precise, and doesn't count for diddley squat. And what'll you do then?

Tony didn't know.
If I stop hanging on to the belief that keeps me here? That somewhere underneath he does care about me? I keep telling myself that he does... I hang onto the things that make me believe... but do they really mean anything? Do I read too much in because I need to? Does he just throw the odd crumb out to keep me in line? Screwed if I know. I can't go on with it like this, anyway.


Quit that, Anthony said sharply. You've been in contact with the abyss too much lately... you know you'd never actually do it, so stop being melodramatic. Don't go there.


I'm not. All the things that have happened over the years, I never got close... but I do understand the appeal. Al of this... the abyss is what it's all been about.
He began to drift, thinking about it all.
Susannah really intended to, I think... but she was talked out of it. By Gibbs, who should have known better in the first place, because he tried. All those years ago. Couldn't blame him any more than I'd have blamed Susie... glad they didn't though. Poor Joe... he did it. And that jerk Fulford, who threatened it but didn't have the guts. Don't put me in there. Life's better than the alternative; there's always a chance to make something good of it, d o some good, even though it sucks right now...


Get you, Anthony said derisively. Sententious or what? You sound like the g'damn Lone Ranger or something. Enough of the martyr complex already.And you haven't answered the question. What
are
you going to do?


I dunno. That's up to Gibbs.



Gibbs!
Tony's eyes flew open; he couldn't remember closing them. The bright daylight showed that the day was much further advanced, and the chair beside his bed was empty. He didn't know what to make of that. Except that life sucked, just as he'd said.

NCISNCISNCIS

Gibbs nodded to the technician as the interview came to a close, and the recording stopped. "Hmmph. Nice work, Dorneget. Good interview."

Ned nodded deprecatingly. "It wasn't difficult, Gibbs, he was too terrified of you to put up much of a fight."

"Well, ya asked all the right questions, didn't leave anything out. And ya kept him scared enough to keep talking. Ya did well."

Dorneget went all 'aw, shucks'. "Thanks, Gibbs."

As the Marine trudged wearily over to the holding section, he asked himself why he could hand out praise to a rookie like Dorneget, and found it so damn difficult to say anything to Tony. Right now, he was finding it impossible to know what to say to his second at all, although the pain in the guy's eyes was like a knife in his gut, a long, sharp finger of accusation poking and prodding at him.

"He'll sleep for a while, I think," Nurse Karin had said; "he used the analgesic pump while you were there, and the mix we're using is mildly sedative too. He needs rest more than anything."

Gibbs knew that, but couldn't blame the concerned nurse for pushing the point. "I'll go get on with a few things," he'd said. "Will ya tell him when he wakes up that I'll be back as soon as I can?" Karin had told him sure, and he'd left, with the intention of doing what he'd said he wasn't going to do.

Fulford leapt to his feet as he saw Gibbs come to a halt the other side of the bars. "Jethro! Thank goodness you're here! I keep telling them that kid had me saying things I didn't mean! You understand... you've been interrogated...
I've
never even been stuck in an interrogation room before, I didn't know how to deal with it! I want to take it back... I was forced to do the things I did! I never killed anybody! I didn't know what Carver had done!"

Gibbs stood and said nothing, as Fulford alternately justified and pleaded. The guy was still trying to push his buttons; yes, he'd been interrogated, and it had been nothing like sitting across a table from a clever young American agent who never laid a hand on you, and a bottle of water at your elbow, being filmed for your own protection.
You have no idea what interrogation's like, Jack, and I'm not going to take the time to tell you.
Never killed anyone... he was accessory after the fact to six murders, and could have been responsible for the death of Susie Childs... but none of that was uppermost in Gibbs' mind. He'd come here to ask himself one question.

Why... Jethro, why
did
you take this jellyfish's word over Tony's?

Tony had asked it, before sinking back into an exhausted and unhappy sleep. Now, Gibbs struggled to answer. No, he hadn't known what the guy was then, but it was no excuse. Those thirteen years of Tony's should have counted for something. For everything. Why didn't they? Why?

There was no answer to be found here; he spun on his heel and walked away, with Jack Fulford's ranting growing fainter behind him.

By the time he'd spoken to the Director, reassured Abby that she'd be able to see Tony soon, checked that McGee really had gone home to get some rest, and returned to Bethesda, Gibbs had come to no further conclusions. He sat down on a convenient bench in the fresh air, and idly watched koi and frogs doing what koi and frogs did in a nearby pool. He dangled his clasped hands between his knees, and thought...

The only thing he could say for certain was that he hadn't a leg to stand on; Tony was right to have got mad, to be feeling the way he was, to be asking questions Gibbs couldn't answer... He'd nearly lost him last night, OK, so that couldn't be laid at his door, but it did remind him rather sharply that he could still lose him, if Tony decided to walk.

Did he want that? Never in a million years, the mere thought clutched at his guts and squeezed hard. So why did he persist in having these idiot times when he treated his Senior Agent, for hell sakes, like he couldn't be trusted with a bag of jelly do'nuts? McGee too, he thought with a guilty twinge. The younger agent was brilliant, and loyal, and yet only got less of the 'my way or the highway' snarl because Tony ran the most blatant, grinning, insolent interference. They were like a pair of unruly, unholy brothers half the time... which made him, what?

He didn't always act like that, after all, he told himself. In between, didn't he show Tony that he cared for him? The cowboy steaks? The bourbon in the basement and the door that was always open? Which was all very easy for his SFA to believe if the next day he was excluding the guy from his plans... what did Tony say? 'Say you trust me then act as if you don't'... no excuses, Jethro, that's what you did. And not the first time.
Act first, think later. I don't have to explain myself.


He was a good leader, wasn't he? His team got the results... the terrible twins had stayed with him all this time, when both of them should, for their own sakes, have been on their way long ago. Vance seemed content with things as they were, but if he were to move on, they could have another director sweeping in, labelling the two of them wasted resources, and moving them on to higher things whether any of them liked it or not.

Maybe he wasn't such a good leader as he'd thought... yet they chose to follow – Tony's phrase again. OK, good at the Boss thing...
bad
at the interpersonal thing – had been, he'd always known it really, since losing his girls. He didn't want to deal with his own emotions, so he walked all over everyone else's.
Selfish, Jethro? Inconsiderate, arrogant?
He watched the frogs and fishes, his soul cringing.

Maybe that was part of the why... but he wasn't about to admit that to DiNozzo.
Hey – there you go again. If you don't, don't expect to keep him.
And if Tony quit, it wouldn't be long before Tim told him, in his impeccably educated English, exactly what he could do with his refusal to open his damn mouth, and took off to be SFA wherever Tony had ended up as leader.

Well... he could either sit here beating himself up, or get on up to ICU and let Tony do it.

The room was empty, and Gibbs stopped on the threshold in sudden panic. He put a hand out to lean on the door-frame, and it was like that that Nurse Karin, about to go off duty, found him a moment later. "It's OK," she told him soothingly, "he's been moved to his own room in the step-down area. They want to get him out of bed for a few minutes, so they've got two hefty orderlies making sure he doesn't do the tango." Gibbs smiled in spite of himself.

He knew instantly which room he'd find Tony in; Brad Pitt was emerging from the doorway as he approached.

"Gibbs... "

"How is he, Doc?"

"Subdued. He walked round a bit, with help – did fine, he's resting again now. Says he's not in much pain, and his lungs certainly aren't causing any problems. Something's on his mind though... Miss Sciuto rang to see if she could visit, and he asked us to tell her he was sleeping, and to come this evening. I thought those two were BFFs."

Gibbs didn't know what BFF stood for, but he took a guess and didn't ask. "Is it OK for me to see him?"

"Sure..."

Tony was sitting in the chair beside his bed, a blanket over his knees and a warm towelling robe over his gown, gazing out of the window. He looked round as Gibbs entered.

"Boss... hear I fell asleep on you. Sorry..."

"You went out like a light. Must have needed it. Did Nurse Karin tell you I asked her to say I'd be back?"

"Oh yeah... I sure miss Karin..." He grimaced. "I've got Patrick and Charles now... Did you go back to the Yard?"

"Yeah. I went to see Fulford. Said I wouldn't, but I needed the answer to your question. Why."

Tony was puzzled more than angry. "And you thought
Fulford
could answer it?"

"Nah. I hoped I could by looking at him. I couldn't. Still trying." He looked closely at Tony. "What?"

"I... I've been sitting here trying to figure out our relationship. You're not actually old enough to be my father... I'm not gay, so it's sure as hell not unrequited lust... we're not military, so it's not CO and loyal recruit. Mentor and mentee... yeah, but it doesn't explain it all. And when this kinda thing happens, it doesn't explain anything at all! I think you care about me, and then you convince me that I have no value at all. Is it me? Is it all in my mind?"

Gibbs pulled the room's spare chair close, and said very quietly, "The first one's the closest, Tony."

Tony looked at him in honest bafflement. "Then... why? Which is the truth? You and me and Tim, we're family, but you just have these mad moments when you put your head down and charge off without us, or... or you just let us think we mean something to you, to keep us happy, but when it comes to the crunch, you figure you work better on your own? That our help's not worth the effort?" He took the plunge. "Yesterday morning... you came in with bastard mode written all over you. I invited you to explain; you wouldn't. And not in the car going to Annandale either. If you had, I could have talked you
down
before any of this blew
up
! You know I could have! And looking back on it, there's no reason at all why you couldn't have told us. It wasn't a secret... just you doing your 'I don't have to explain myself to anybody.' Turns out you'd had your buttons pushed – Ned told Tim about Joe Bellamy, and he told me. But that's no excuse not to involve us just because it's something you don't want to talk about."

"No," Gibbs admitted, "it's not."

"It's not the first time you've pushed me out, Boss." Gibbs noted the change of pronoun. This was so intensely personal and painful for the younger man; Gibbs felt all of the second B for making it happen. "But... it
has
to be the last."

"It will be." Tony blinked, not sure he'd heard right, and not knowing what it actually meant. "I understand. I pushed you too far. I did all the things you said I did. And if I do it again, that's you finished with me, because you'll never trust my word again."

"That's how it feels." Gibbs sighed softly. "Not saying I'd throw a tantrum and storm off, Boss. Guess... I'd just shrug, think 'told you so', go on doing my job without any heart for it, until I got killed or Vance found me somewhere else to be. Then I'd be gone, one way or another."

" Ack,
Tony
... You know I don't want that to happen. You know I'm not going to let it."

"
Can
you do that?"

At that moment Gibbs remembered, of all things, the frogs in the pond outside. "D'you remember Aesop's fables?" he said suddenly.

"Sure... which one?"

"A frog and a mouse... only this is the Arab version... A scorpion wants to cross a river, because there's a forest fire coming. He asks a big bull-frog to take him across."

"And the frog says no way – you'll sting me to death," Tony recalled.

"The scorpion says no, no, if I do that, I'll drown – so the frog thinks he must be safe, and lets the scorpion jump on his back. Half-way across, the scorpion can't restrain himself any longer, and sinks his sting into the frog's neck. As they both begin to sink to their deaths, the frog asks
why
..."

The ghost of a gleam came into Tony's eyes. He didn't see where this was going, but the Boss was doing some lateral thinking. And although he'd never have come out and said so, the fact that the Boss was thinking about it at all gave Tony hope. He completed the tale. "And the scorpion says he has to be true to his nature. Kind of a problem there, Boss. The moral of the tale is that people can't change what they are. And also, that people who associate with other people who do things they don't like have only themselves to blame when bad things happen. How's that help us?"

Gibbs reached across, took Tony's hand in both of his, and gripped it as Tim had done, before laying it back down and looking him in the eyes. "You're not a frog, Tony. And however it looks right now, I'm not a scorpion. You'll say actions speak louder than words, but I can learn from my mistakes. However I might behave to the rest of the world, and yeah, half of the time I think most of them aren't worth a spit except the victims, I was wrong to treat you that way. You
do
deserve better. And you mean too much to me for me not to prove it. Can't put it plainer than that." He looked at his watch. "9th October. Check me on it a year from today. Uh... deal?" He offered his hand tentatively.

Tony nodded, a slow smile building in his eyes. "Deal," he said, grasping the hand. "Cowboy steaks, a year from today. I'll bring the beer."

NCISNCISNCIS

Captain Lucas Childs was laid to rest beside his father-in-law; Tony was there, as he'd vowed to be; wheel-chair bound for now, and pushed around by Gibbs, in spite of Tim offering.

Susie considered returning to Canada but decided it would be too far away from Cass and her dad. She went to work as a veterinarian within the farming community around Annandale, and joined forces with two of the other widows to open a riding for the disabled centre. She was contented enough, although she doubted she would ever be truly happy, but she no longer thought of suicide.

Julia Hamlyn, who never knew she had it in her until she tried, wrote a calm, factual, heartbreaking and successful book telling the whole story.

Lieutenant JG Felix Sobel was promoted to Lieutenant, and Bud Roberts spent the next six months fighting off poachers for his services.

Jack Fulford was sentenced to life imprisonment. He was not the only person to be sent down for his part in the murders.

Tony returned to desk duty after four weeks, and field work after seven. Gibbs still swings between second B and Oscar the Grouch. On the surface, nothing seems to have changed; but the MCRT know different.

The End


Still not completely happy, especially with the ending, but hey, we got there. Thanks to all who stuck with it!


>