

A/N Had to get this finished before Monday so this is a massive chapter! Hope you all enjoy. Thank you for the great reviews – I laughed out loud at some of them. Let's just say Red's got me fangirling too! Also thanks for the favs and follows!

Chapter 3

Months pass again and still Red maintains his attention. He sees in her eyes, in her actions and hears in her witty retorts that she's slowly getting her confidence back. He doesn't push her; first because it will do no good but also because he knows she's worth the wait.

They've spent more and more time together. Movie night has almost become their things but though she fallen asleep a few more times she hasn't asked him to stay again. But it doesn't matter, their relationship is light, sometimes playful and when work necessitates it, it's hard and cold but it's always undeniable strong.

Their growing attachment hasn't gone unnoticed by those at the Blacksite. Mounting suspicious has led Cooper to monitor their movements more which in turn just makes Red more careful. For the most part Cooper only finds out what Red wants him to know - but then that's true for everyone.

It's Ressler who finally broaches the subject with Elizabeth. He means it as more of a warning and waits till they're alone together, a break in a late night debrief.

"Liz, I'm sure I don't need to tell you this but were all a little concerned about your relationship with Red. It seems a little bit less handler and informant and a bit more... Well something non professional". Donald says trying to explain what they think is happening and praying to God she's not that stupid.

"Who's we?" She asks defensively.

"Everybody. I'm sure even the cleaning crew have their suspicious at this point" Donald continues.

"Nothing's going on between us. Not what you're thinking" she says, knowing it's the truth while also not being the truth.

"Well I'm sure I don't need to tell you what would happen if something were going on but I will anyway". He says.

"Donald" she begins but is interrupted.

"No, let me finish. At best you'd be transferred so far from here you wouldn't even get cell reception. But we both know it'd probably cost you your job. You get that right?" Donald says.

She feels adrenaline pumping; Donald warning feeling more like an attack, causing her body to react like she's being threatened. Her mind is reeling but she says the one thing she knows to be true. "Red won't talk. The deal will be over".

"Yeah he probably won't ... but he'll spend the rest of his days in custody, deal or no deal" he says, only the slightest hint of longing in his tone.

She needs to get away from him, from this conversation. She needs to breathe fresh air and somehow suppress the panic she feels at his words. They don't speak again and as soon as she can she leaves the Blacksite.

Later Lizzie wonders why she had such a strong reaction to Donald's words. She and Red have been coasting along, nothing like Donald suggested has developed. But the warning has left her saddened somehow. When she thinks about it she comes to the realisation that she feels dejected at the thought that there can't be more. She resolves to be a bit more professional, to not let her feelings develop further than they have.

Of course her resolve falters as soon as she sees him. This thing between them, whatever it is, is too comfortable, too good and she cannot really resist it.

It's Saturday and they're doing the usual post movie chat over drinks. She likes to know what he thinks; her favourite thing is when he makes his own movie blurb. His accurate but usually scathing synopsis never fails to make her laugh. Tonight is no different but while she laughs it suddenly occurs to her that this all feels a lot like flirting... Maybe even like dating. That it is what Donald thinks. The thought stops her.

Red feels a change, sees some conflict in her eyes. When she abruptly stops laughing they just look at each other.

"You want to tell me what just happened?" He asks, his voice quiet and low.

She bites her lip nervously, not sure where to begin. Red just waits for her to gather her thoughts.

"Ressler spoke to me last week. He said some things about you and me that I've been thinking about" she says nervously.

"And what does Donald have to say about us?" He asks.

"He said they are all concerned about the appropriateness of our relationship. And just then I realised exactly why they have those concerns". She explains.

"Why do you think they have concerns Lizzie?" He asks, more curious about what she thinks than Donald or the rest of the FBI.

She takes a breath, "because maybe this has evolved" she says, using her hand to indicate she means them, "Maybe it's changing to something that wouldn't be sanctioned by the FBI."

"Does that cause you any concern?" He asks.

She just looks at him and then very lightly shakes her head.

"Ok then" is his casual reply. He leans over and tops up their wine glasses and they go back to doing exactly what they were doing before.

Weeks later they are again under cover. They're to attend a function in a hotel in New York, and have stayed the two nights previous to establish their presence and identities. They are sharing a suite but the exact nature of their relationship hasn't been defined. To onlookers they appear close, Red offering her his arm or placing his hand on the small of her back but nothing further.

They dress for the event, Lizzie in a floor length black dress that seems to float around her legs and Red in a tuxedo. He doesn't say anything when he sees her but she knows from the intense stare he gives her that he approves.

They make their way to the event and Red gets them each a glass of champagne from a passing waiter. They find their seats and enjoy the meal that's served to them.

Over the course of the meal they chat with their fellow diners, Lizzie listens to Red as he charms them with imagined tales for his fake life. But he also throws in little details about them, things they've done together since arriving in the city, habits they've developed around each other. He's telling her as much as he's telling the rest of his audience.

He leaves them for a few moments saying they need more champagne but she knows he has yet to establish contact with his informant. After his departure the woman beside Lizzie turns to speak.

"What a charming man. You're lucky to be with someone so attentive and obviously attached to you" she says.

"Oh we're not ... I mean we're just..." She doesn't know what to say, surprised by the woman's comments.

"Oh so he's not taken?" The woman says looking a little sceptical.

"No, I guess not" Lizzie says trying to gather her thoughts a bit more and not exactly liking where this conversation is going.

"So you wouldn't mind if I tried to get to know him a bit better?" The woman asks.

"Eh... I ... Of course. Go ahead" she stammers out, annoyed that she didn't just say thank you when the woman first commented on his attachment.

They are interrupted by Red's return. The woman beside her offers him a hundred watt smile but he hardly seems to notice.

"Lizzie my dear. I think it's time we danced" he says offering her his hand. Ordinarily she would consider refusing him but now she wants him away from the table and to herself.

She takes his hand and lets herself be led to the floor. He pulls her close and starts to lead them. She sighs and relaxes, enjoying the feeling of being in his arms.

"Lizzie you looked worried when I returned to the table. Did something happen?" He asks.

"That woman, the one sitting beside me. She wants to ask you out I think?" She explains.

"And what did you tell her?" He asks moving away marginally and leaning his head back slightly so he can see her expression.

"I told her ok" she says blushing furiously.

He chuckles slightly. "I bring you to New York, I show you a good time and here you are pimping me out. Really Lizzie" he says.

"Well she caught me off guard but she does seem nice. What should I have said?" She says smiling.

"You should have told her the truth" he says drawing her back against his body.

"What is the truth Red?" She asks, her tone hesitant.

"That I adore you. That I'm spoken for and I have been since the day we met" he whispers to her.

She closes her eyes and he can feel her smile against him. He smiles in return and they wordlessly continue to dance, the woman, the contact, the surveillance and FBI forgotten.

A few hours later they leave the function, Red being satisfied with the information he'd obtained earlier in the evening. They make their way up to their suite in contented silence.

In the elevator ride she stifles a yawn and Red laughs and shakes his head.

"What?" She asks exiting the elevator and making her way towards their suite.

"It's barely gone 11pm and you're yawning" he says amused.

"It's been a busy few days, I'm sleepy" she says laughing.

"I've a good mind to return to the ballroom and find that woman you were attempting to set me up with. Maybe she's got a bit more energy" he says, his tone all mock indignation.

She opens the door, walks in and as she turns she says, "Listen old man" but gets no further because he closes the distance, pushes her back against the wall and kisses her.

It is quite literally breathtaking being kissed by him. He moves gently but confidently, parting her lips with his own, caressing her with his tongue before gently pulling at her bottom lip with his mouth.

He seems in perfect control as he abruptly stops but she's a hot mess; dazed and lightheaded. He moves only a fraction away from her, examining the results of his sudden attention.

"Old man is it now?" He laughs. She bites her lip then just smiles in response while a flush begins to rise to her cheeks. "You look so beautiful" he says then leans in to kiss her again.

The kiss intensifies and he uses his hand on her waist to pull her firmly into his body. Her hands are clutching his jacket, her anxiety holding her back from touching him further. He expected her hesitation, surprised that she kissed him back straight away. He slows his movements, loosens his hold on her slightly and eventually stops kissing her.

"Red" she says, part question, part apology - not able to look him in the eye.

"You're anxious, I get that but there is no need" He says gently wrapping his arms around her and kissing her hair.

She takes a deep breath and says, "I want this but yes I'm nervous".

"Lizzie everything will happen when you're ready for it" he says alluding to what he knows she's thinking about. The certainty in his voice is a comfort to her.

She lets him hold her for a while longer, enjoying his touch, then she steps away and walks toward his bedroom, Red follows her, his hand ghosting over her back. They stop beside his bed and look into each other's eyes.

He wants her to feel everything with him and knows that starts with how they feel. He lifts his hand to her face, gently touching her cheek, she tilts her head slightly into his palm, closing her eyes and enjoying the moment. "Lizzie, I love you" he says and she smiles. They stay that way for a moment and then she opens her eyes and says, "I love you too Red".

They kiss and now she does touch him. She lets her hands explore his torso, finally pulling at his bow tie and starting to remove his clothes. He finds the zip on her dress and slides it down. He pushes it off her shoulders and guides it down her body, helping her to step out of it. He then looks at her, drinking in the sight of her in her underwear.

He bows his head, kissing her neck and enjoying the taste and feel of her skin. She finishes unbutton his shirt and runs her hands up his body. She feels lightheaded, intoxicated by his body, his mouth and scent. And like he can sense it he lifts her and places her on his bed.

Maybe it's because he's tender and attentive and loving or maybe it's because he's skilled and knowledgeable but somehow he makes her feel things that she's never felt. Her body responds to his, building at his every touch. He knows from her movement and the small sounds that escape her lips what is happening.

She wants him inside her, wants to feel him and wants him to feel her when it happens. She pulls him to her, lifting her own body to meet his. He kisses her as he slowly pushes himself in. She gasps and grabs at him, wanting to feel all of him but not sure she can survive the intensity of it.

When he's inside he starts to move, but even this is tender and attentive. He watches her face and body, listens to each sound and moves the way she wants. She feels so connected to him, like he's stripped away everything and found her soul.

He maintains that intensity and continues to touch and kiss her; it is everything she needed. When her orgasm builds he holds her, enveloping her in his embrace and moving in her until she can't hold on. She gasps his name and holds him as she feels like the world falls away; there is only him and nothing else.

Before the evening is over he's brought her to that moment again and after he finds his own relief he holds her, whispering to her of his love and how she makes him feel. She sleeps in his arms, warm and secure.

The next day they rise and have breakfast. They are to go back to DC and she feels cautious about their relationship and how it will work with their lives. He knows because she quiet that she's worried, as they go to the elevator on their way to check out he takes her hand, "what's the matter?"

"Nothing." She smiles softly at him, not sure how to explain.

They step into the elevator and he pulls her to him, kissing her and holding her. The moment is deep and intense, her body remembering everything from the previous evening. When he stops kissing her he just rests his forehead on hers.

"Lizzie" He says in lieu of a question.

"I'm worried about what it will be like when we go home" she explains.

"Where we are doesn't affect how we feel. I won't love you any less anywhere" he says.

"Thank you" she says and he just smiles.

They leave New York and return to DC and their lives. Only things are different. They live together and she moves with him to whatever abode he chooses for them. She still thinks of her small apartment as home and sometimes they stay there too.

A few weeks pass and then he has to go out of town on business. He'll only be gone one night but she's stricken at the thought. He feels the same so they call each other repeatedly from almost the moment he leaves.

She's just finished a call with him when she hears her phone rings and she thinks it's Red calling back. She's surprised when she sees Aram's name on the screen. He presses the button and greets him, "Hi Aram".

"Lizzie, I need to warn you and Red about something. Coopers has been watching you both for months." Aram says.

"What?" Is all she can say, shocked at the revelation.

"Apparently he's not been able to get cameras in your apartment or Red's but he's pulled footage from security wherever you're been. It's not been a top priority but recently he's had staff review it all and this morning they reported that they found something. It's footage of Red kissing you in an elevator in New York. Lizzie he's furious, thinks the two of you are playing him. That you and Red have always been conspiring. He's given the order to bring Red in." Aram blurts out as quickly as he can.

"Oh God, Aram I've got to warn Red." She says startled.

"Lizzie I think he'll bring you in too. He may already have given the order." Aram warns her.

"Aram, I've got to go. Thank you for the warning" Lizzie says.

"You are a good agent, a good friend but you know what this mean, especially for Red. Good bye Liz" he says.

She's silent for a second, again surprised by what he's saying. "Good bye Aram" she manages before they end the call and she dials Red.

"Hello again Lizzie" he says in his usual smooth manner.

"Red we're in trouble. Cooper knows about us. Aram called and said they've been surveilling us and they're going to bring you in, maybe both of us. Ressler warned me about them detaining you indefinitely. I'm worried that might happen." she says, the words rushing out and her tone panicked.

He is silent for a moment and then he says in a calm and clear tone, "we must assume they can hear this conversation. I want you to leave right now, before they get there."

"Ok but where will I go?" she asks as she stands and moves to get her jacket and bag.

"You remember the first Saturday night we spent together?" He asks.

"What... Yes, I remember." She says at first baffled by the question.

"Do you remember what we watched?" He asks.

"Yes" she says.

"In twelve hours I will meet you there. Lizzie do you understand me, are you clear about your destination? You'll have to leave your cell phone to ensure you are not tracked, I won't be able to reach you". He says.

"I'll be there" she says before ending the call and walking out of her apartment.

She goes to the nearest ATM and lifts as much money as she can. She doesn't want to be tracked, needs to keep them away until she makes it to Red. It would take her only a few hours to get to New York if she could fly or go straight to Union station but that's why he's giving her this time.

She gets a taxi, and then she walks, before finally boarding a bus out of town. The bus takes her to a small station further afield. She knows eventually they'll piece it together but for now she should have lost anyone who is pursuing her.

And so 12 hours later she approaches the Empire State Building like Deborah Kerr in An Affair to Remember, only a little more carefully. She's rushing, wanting to get to him as soon as possible, so she's surprised as she approaches the door to feel someone grab her arm. Instantly she fears the worst, thinks Ressler, Cooper and the rest of the FBI have caught up with her. But it's Red who pulls her into an embrace, kissing her hair and breathing in her scent.

"I thought I was meeting you up there" she says against him.

"That's too much of a cliché Lizzie. We could go up if you like but I think it better we leave" he says.

"Yes, let's just go" she says but they both continue to hold each other.

"Lizzie, I'm sorry it's come to this" he says into her hair.

"I'm not. You said you'd love me anywhere. The same goes for me. I don't need the job or apartment or friends. As long as I have you" she says.

"You've got me" he says and kisses her again.

>