

As Anakin leapt over the railing and soared past the edge of the walkway, he realized that he hadn't dodged quite as well as he'd hoped when he felt a searing bolt from a blaster enter his leg from behind. He grit his teeth against the pain. Right now, in the midst of an adrenalin rush it wouldn't be too difficult to ignore it, but he knew he would pay for it later. He wouldn't have gotten hit at all if it weren't for those infernal stilts.

More blaster fire came at him as he sped down and passed the sniper set up from below. He was able to avoid the blaster fire by pushing with the Force off of the sides of the buildings surrounding him. It wouldn't be too long until he was out of range...he just hoped that he wouldn't hit the ground before he could find a way out of this ambush.

With one mighty push at just the right angle, he shot in a southeast direction, causing his descent to fall into a blind spot for most of the bounty hunters and immediately put his hands and feet out to slow his descent. He was coming up on a traffic lane below...perfect.

Aiming for a transport, he pushed off of a building and angled his body in a precise trajectory, then reached out with the Force. Slowing himself as much as he could, he stretched out his arm and snagged the top of a passing airbus, wincing when, even with the give he'd factored into the extensions, it jerked his arm painfully enough to almost pop it out of joint. It was a nod to his prowess in mechanics and robotics that the mechanical hand didn't fall apart immediately. His body jerked forward and slapped against the back of the transport, probably alarming several people inside, but he paid the cries of distress no heed.

Reaching out with the Force again, he felt for followers. No one. They hadn't expected him to do that and so didn't have a speeder ready to follow. He thanked the Force for that. They wouldn't be too far behind, so he had to get off soon. Of course, that left a bit of a problem as he didn't have anywhere to jump to, really.

The bus was slowing down, though. Of course, the driver would wonder what the heck had happened when something as heavy as a body landed on top of it. It headed towards a walkway, obviously making an emergency stop. As it went in for a landing, he used the Force to augment his leap and jumped onto the walkway, wincing when he landed on his bad leg, but he rolled into it, managed to clumsily stumble to his feet and took off down the walkway.

He hit the button for the bottom floor on a turbolift at the end and slumped against the wall as the door slid closed and it plummeted. The bounty hunters wouldn't give up that quickly, not if they were employed by Palpatine. At the moment, it would be far too easy to track him, but he could lose them on the bottom levels where there were few cameras and far too many places to hide. He knew too much about bounty hunters to even begin to contemplate the idea that they wouldn't be able to find him again if he wasn't careful.

He refused to allow himself to be distracted, but he made several mental notes as he waited for the lift to stop. How had the bounty hunter's found him in the first place? Were they tracking Dooku? Probably. Anakin doubted they'd be able to retrace his movements before the cafe as he'd been particularly careful just in case something like this happened. Still, he was far too paranoid to use the same routes again and he would have to find new ones.

As the turbolift began to slow, he threw his mind into focusing on getting away...preferably without any more confrontations. As soon as the lift stopped and the door swung open, Anakin sprinted out and into the streets, hoping that he'd been fast enough that the bounty hunters hadn't caught up with him yet.

Fortunately, even in a more industrial area such as this, little clusters of bars and brothels could be found shoved in old warehouses and basements, most of which were probably temporary and most definitely illegal.

He didn't pause as he glanced around. He needed somewhere he could take off the mechanical limbs without the possibility of any camera recording him. A stagnant cluster of beings caught his eye and he realized with a shudder that he knew of one place where such recordings would be unlikely.

Slowing to a more manageable pace, he gulped down an unfamiliar sick feeling in his stomach and approached the group of females dressed far too scantily in his opinion. Of course, that was the point, but still. He noted the different species in the group: a couple of humans, a few twi-leks, some species he couldn't identify, a Rodian and even an insect-like verpine.

They, of course, noticed him approaching and honed in faster than a pack of gundarks on the hunt.

"What can we do for you?" one of the Twi-leks asked in a sultry tone that really only made him want to vomit. To make matters worse, her question seemed to open the flood gates and all of the others began their propositioning. Anakin backed up a step unwittingly and scanned them all again. This was a bad idea, he noted, and was about to turn and find another place on his own when noted one girl off to the side. She looked completely miserable with the exceptions of some angry glances he saw her shoot at a one or two men down the street, which was a surprise seeing as she was a Zeltron. Humanoid, with pink skin and red hair, he had known of the species, but he'd never seen one with a similar expression on their face. Zeltrons, being slightly telepathic, tended to cling to positive emotions. Actually, their entire culture revolved around shunning negative emotions. Seeing one so unhappy and with more than her fair share of bruises... It reminded him all too vividly of too many slaves he'd known.

"You," he said, pointing to her.

She looked up and saw him. For a moment an expression of disgust crossed her face, but it was gone almost as quickly as it had appeared. After a second, she sighed and nodded, moving to stand. Then she turned and walked through the doorway of the building behind her.

"You don't want her, do you?" one of the Twi-leks said in his ear. He ignored her, shook off the others' arms and followed the Zeltron into the building. It was old, dirty and smelled of rot. The remains of broken furniture and vermin nests littered what he could see of the hallways and rooms inside, a sad reminder of ages past. She lead him down a few turns and into one of the rooms. An old mattress had been shoved into one corner, the only intact piece of furniture in the room. A dim lamp hung from the ceiling, the only light source in the room. They hadn't even bothered to clean the floor, he noted with disgust. He stretched out with the Force, but couldn't find any trace of a camera...not that that was any concrete confirmation. The Force dealt mainly with the living, after all.

"The price—" she started but he cut her off.

"Are there recording devices of any means in this room?"

She blinked. "No," she finally said, sounding almost annoyed. Then she paused and regarded him. "You're...not here for me, are you. You're running from someone..."

He answered by throwing a stack of credits at her. She caught the bundle, surprised. "What's this?"

"For your time," Anakin responded. Then, before she could react, he stepped forward and put a hand on her head. "Sleep. And know that you can do better than this. If you have the ability to take back your life, do it. Stop at nothing."

He couldn't help adding that last part on and wondered when he'd become so sentimental. A Force-laced suggestion like that wasn't anything sure, but he could implant the general idea in her mind, similar to a mind trick. Usually it only helped reinforce previous thoughts and ideas that a person had already had.

The Zeltron slumped onto the mattress and Anakin immediately tore the armor and suit he was wearing off. It only took a few moments to get both the mechanical, foot-like stilts and hand extensions off. Grabbing one of the dirty blankets (ignoring the possibilities of the disgusting substances that were probably on it), he tied everything up in a little bundle, shoving the mask in at last minute. An old ventilation shaft served as an exit point. He had no doubt that his pursuers would be able to track him this far, but he wished them luck tracking him further. If they could find him after this, they deserved to catch him.

For the next hour, he crawled through the unused vents, the Force nudging him down one or another. He was surprised he never came to a point where the old, tunnel-like structures would collapse under him. Surprised, but grateful. A few times he had to use the Force to take down a grate blocking his pathway further, but for the most part, he managed to make it through to another room in the building a fair enough distance away that he felt safe (well, safer) exiting.

Slipping out into another unused room a few floors up and on the opposite end of the building from where he'd entered, he ran to a window and slipped outside, the blanket holding his disguise tied neatly around his shoulders.

xXx

Anakin hadn't felt so grateful for a shower in months. After his escape from the temporary brothel, he'd had to meander through the bowels of Courscant, avoiding just about everyone else (a child wondering alone through the under levels of the capitol planet at night was practically inviting trouble) and it had taken him far too long to get back to the Temple. He'd be lucky to get three or four hours of sleep now. His nightly activities had worn him out far more than he'd realized until he'd stepped into the shower, and he slumped against the refresher wall as the warm water soothed away his aching muscles. At least he'd managed to stop by the storage shed he used as a base outside of the Temple to drop off his armor and mechanical limbs.

Still, despite his aching body, he considered the night to be successful. His endeavor to reach out to Dooku was one of two positive aspects of the night that he would cling to, the other being that he'd been able to escape Sidious' pawns.

Of course that lead back to the idea that Sidious knew about him. That fact, in and of itself, made him weak in the knees and drove his body to a point far beyond sickness. It made no sense as to why the man hadn't tried to contact him here at the Temple, though. Anakin could not for the life of him figure it out. Why? If Sidious knew who he was, why hadn't he even so much as dropped a hint? It was so unlike the man...unless he still didn't know. But that made no sense at all?

No matter how much he thought about it, he could not come to a conclusion. His tired mind kept racing in circles and finally he had to just push it all away. Maybe a few hours of sleep could clear his mind enough to help him figure it out.

He wiped a towel through his hair, brushed his teeth, threw on a pair of pajama pants and finally collapsed into bed. He was out almost before his head hit the pillow.

xXx

"Hello, Anakin," a calm, deep voice caused Anakin to jump and spin around. No one was there. Actually, nothing was there, and he felt...taller. Wait, was he in a dream again? His surroundings seemed peaceful, and he couldn't really assign any particular feature to them, be it color or shape. It certainly felt like a dream.

"Who...?" he asked, but faded off as he realized the answer to his question. He knew that presence. "Qui-gon?"

A chuckle reverberated around him and then the man appeared before him, looking him up and down thoughtfully. "So, this is the real you?"

Anakin looked down and saw an adult body, but not one familiar to him in the slightest. His hands and feet weren't mechanical and he had no problems breathing. The constant pain from his scars and the joining of metallic material to flesh was also strangely absent.

After a moment, he shook his head sadly. "No. I never had a complete body after the age of 19. As much as I would like to claim it, this isn't me."

Qui-gon shook his own head, mimicking Anakin's gesture. "Then think of it as what could be, for the body you see does indeed belong to you."

Anakin didn't say anything, not agreeing but not wanting to argue. Qui-gon seemed to sense this as he sighed.

"Anakin, you need to stop thinking you're not worthy of your own desire and dreams."

The former Sith snorted. "Yes, because that took me so far in my previous life."

Qui-gon shook his head again. "If you were truly undeserving of anything, then why did Obi-wan send you back?"

Anakin looked away. "Probably because he felt sorry for me."

"No," Qui-gon said firmly. "He did so because he loved you; because he believed in you."

"Then he is...was a fool." Besides, Anakin didn't believe that for a second. He'd lost any kinship he'd had with his Obi-wan on Mustafar.

"He did love you, you know," Qui-gon said softly. "And when you were his apprentice, he was immensely proud of you."

This time Anakin rolled his eyes. "Yes, his constant comments of disappointment were proof enough of that." And there was the strange sarcasm again.

"I know my padawan," the older man insisted. "From what I could see, he did love you, he just didn't know how to express it."

Anakin scowled. "Part of that was because he wasn't supposed to feel anything."

Suddenly the other Jedi seemed so weary. "I have never agreed with that philosophy," he said. "And Obi-wan could never live up to it. He rarely acknowledged you because if he had done so, he would have had to acknowledge something that he had been taught was shameful. Something he'd never been able to deal with himself. He became a knight at a fairly average age for Jedi, but I fear I left him too early and violently in both timelines."

Those words caused something to click in Anakin's mind and he suddenly realized that he was talking with this universe's Qui-gon...who shouldn't know anything like that.

"Wait," he heard himself say, "you know?"

Qui-gon smiled. It was strange because Anakin felt it more than he saw it.

"I've met up with and have been speaking to the most interesting person."

"Siri!" Anakin said, a relieved smile coming to his lips. "I've been trying to get in contact with her. Something about her being here in the timeline has caused this Siri to fall into a coma, I think."

Qui-gon nodded. "Indeed. We came to the conclusion that when she came back with you, she couldn't merge with her body (whether this is because the technique that sent you back was meant for only you or because of her current condition I cannot say), and two of the same soul cannot exist in the same timeline. I fear that if she would have had a stronger presence, both the younger and older Siri would have eliminated each other."

Anakin didn't say anything. This was a bit of a surprise for his already taxed mind.

"What can we do, then?" He certainly didn't want this timeline's Siri to die so young. He still had very fond memories of the woman. "And where is she?"

Qui-gon looked grim. "She has been severely weakened, Anakin."

"Why?"

The older man hesitated before he spoke. "On Naboo, when Padme was shot, and you were having problems dealing with that, Siri put all of her strength into reaching our young Nubian Queen, knowing she was the only person who would be able to reach you. Because Padme was not Force sensitive, Siri pushed a little too far and a little too hard. She's lucky her consciousness hasn't joined the Force. As of right now, she is recovering, but I fear she will never regain even the strength she had before."

In other words, the Siri from his own reality was fading away and that was his fault too. He closed his eyes, even though, being in a dream state, it did nothing to block the images and sensations from his brain.

Sensing his state of mind, Qui-gon continued. "But I believe there is something you can do."

Anakin's head snapped up. "Yes?"

"Once she does regain more strength, I will help her contact you, and you can merge her souls."

Anakin just sat there, staring at Qui-gon for several seconds before he spoke. "How?"

Qui-gon smiled. "I believe that simply bringing her souls together in the same body will cause them to merge. However, you will need physical contact to do so, which is why I cannot accomplish this task myself."

"I see," Anakin said, his voice level, although he knew he couldn't really hide his nervous emotions from Qui-gon. Not in this state. And just how long had it been since he had been nervous? Had he lost all the confidence and command he'd gained in his previous life when he gave up the Dark Side?

Qui-gon's next words were gentle but firm. "I know you've lost your faith in yourself, Anakin. You think you deserve every horrible thing that happened to you when you fell to the Dark Side."

Great, now he was getting counseling from ghosts too. Still, he couldn't deny the truth of Qui-gon's words.

"Tell me how I do not deserve the life of a Sith," he said, voice emotionless. "Do you know of any state of being that could be more miserable?"

"Most Sith draw strength from their misery, and as they tend to seek power and strength, they seek to keep themselves in a state of endless pain." Anakin wondered why Qui-gon was telling him something he obviously knew so well.

"I would go so far as to say they seek even greater depths of pain and misery," he commented, unable to keep the bitterness out of his tone.

Qui-gon nodded thoughtfully. "Consider that perhaps you also may have thought that putting yourself through as much pain as possible could somehow make up for your decisions and actions?"

Anakin blinked at that, his brow furrowed in a disbelieving confusion. "You suggest that I was punishing myself?" He snorted when Qui-gon didn't answer. "Perhaps, but such actions were useless endeavor. Remaining in that state of being only caused me to accumulate more debt."

"To whom were you in debt to?" Qui-gon asked.

Anakin shrugged (a gesture he had picked back up recently, it seemed as he had never done so as Vader). "Padme. My children. The Jedi I killed. The races I obliterated...everyone."

They remained quiet for what seemed like hours before the older Jedi spoke again. "Don't you think you've put yourself through enough pain?"

He didn't hesitate in his answer. "No. For what I've done, there is no redemption. No amount of pain can bring back the lives I took. My only thought is to try and prevent the pain and anguish my decisions brought to the rest of the galaxy." More silence reigned and Anakin really didn't like where this was going, so he changed the subject.

"How will you contact me when Siri Tachi is strong enough? I have been...having problems with meditation." Actually, he was rather lucky he could speak with Qui-gon now. He suspected that this meeting was possible because he really had been just that tired.

Qui-gon shook his head yet again, this time seeming exasperated. "Anakin, a trance will occur if you simply enfold yourself in the Force. That is something you can still do. Reach out and immerse your soul, and you will be able to contact me."

Hesitantly, Anakin nodded. Qui-gon noticed his reserved answer and sighed. "Anakin, have you gone so far as to lose your faith in the Force as well?"

He didn't see much of a point in lying. "I don't know," he said slowly. If it hadn't been for his connection to the Force, he may never have been freed from his slavery, but at the same time, that same connection had led to so many awful circumstances and choices in his life. He would most certainly never trust the Dark Side again (only a fool would trust in it to begin with in his opinion), and the Dark Side was part of the Force, right? But he wanted to trust in the peace and light the Force brought to him as well. He wanted to have his old connection back, but feared that that had been lost forever.

"Even now, fear is your greatest weakness," Qui-gon pointed out, his voice kind. "It always has been and it is what bars your progress."

Anakin looked down, ashamed. "How can I trust in something that has led to so much pain?"

Qui-gon watched him for a long while before he spoke. "I cannot answer that, Anakin. It is an answer you will have to find on your own. But," he reached out and put an ethereal hand on Anakin's shoulder. He could almost imagine he really felt it there, warm and comforting. "Just as Obi-wan believed in you, so do I. You will find your answers only if you continue to search. The moment you give up is the moment you will fail."

That sounded like something Obi-wan would say.

Anakin nodded. "I do appreciate your endeavors," he whispered.

"I will always be here for you, young one," Qui-gon replied, ignoring the fact that the Anakin standing before him stood several inches taller than him and was most definitely an adult. "Now, I believe it is time for us to part, but please remember that I will never truly leave you, just as I will never truly leave Obi-wan."

Another nod and Anakin's surroundings finally faded into a restful darkness.

xXx

Anakin slumped sluggishly through the hall, not really seeing where he was going and grateful that his connection to the Force stopped him from running into anything or anyone. The stress from the previous night had really taken its toll and it had been quite a while since he'd been this exhausted. He couldn't help but feel immensely glad that he'd been able to test out of most of the Temple classes (not all of them, he couldn't draw too much attention to himself) because now he had a fair deal of free time on his hands. Oh, he was supposed to do an independent study in some of his more advanced subjects, but he could skip that for once.

It was funny, but when he'd been a padawan the first time, he could have easily talked himself out of going to class if he felt he needed (or really wanted) to. He couldn't do anything remotely irresponsible as the Emperor's second-in-command and it seemed that that habit had stuck with him. He would never follow the Council's instructions blindly, but when he received a direct order or even just a request, his first instinct (usually based on self preservation) was to follow said order.

He hated it. And it said quite a bit for the state of his mind when he didn't correct himself. After all, Jedi didn't hate. Sith did. He was trying to break away from his Sith-like tendencies, and so would usually push any feeling 'hate' into 'extreme dislike'. It had helped but right now, he just couldn't bring himself to care.

At the moment, he was heading to the library where he could find a nice corner away from Master Nu (and it said quite a bit that even now she intimidated him) and take a nap. He technically could go back to his room, but initiates' quarters were subject to random searching, and if he were caught slacking...well, it just wasn't worth the risk. He could sleep just as well in the library so why take the chance?

That was another thing that had changed. He wasn't exactly fond of unnecessary risks anymore. Not like he used to be. Mustafar had cured him of that tendency rather thoroughly.

He shook the thought from his head. He could be stranded and dying with no energy to even move a pinky and he would still find the energy to banish that thought from his head.

"Hey?" a voice broke through his thoughts, bringing him out of them. "You okay?"

Anakin blinked as he turned to look at the new voice and felt a hitch in his chest when he saw who it was. Tall and lanky with dark hair, silvery skin and flexible limbs that could twist in just about any direction (and which had been the bane of Anakin's previous spars often enough), the being that stood before him was dressed as an initiate and was watching Anakin with a tentatively concerned expression.

At first Anakin couldn't move. He hadn't thought about Tru Veld for years. He'd revisited their last actual meeting—that was more than polite acknowledgment—as a Sith often enough, had drawn on the betrayal and pain that he'd associated with that memory. Now, without that, he found he didn't know how to react. Tru Veld had been his best friend...and then Korriban and Darra and...

He didn't want to think about it now. It brought up a mess of feelings; guilt, anger, pain... Even now he couldn't really figure out who had been to blame for Darra's death. The Dark Side had clouded so much on that mission and he'd been so susceptible. The worst thing the Jedi Council could have done at that time was exactly what they had done. How could they have sent Anakin on a mission to the Sith home world full of such recent resentment and anger? He could see now how Palpatine had worked the situation; how he'd set everything up so neatly. That had been exactly what he'd wanted, to draw an unsteady, young and powerful padawan to a planet ruled by the Dark Side and taint what little good judgment he had even more.

It had been decades since he'd felt guilt over Darra's death, but now, looking at Tru and knowing what would come—no, what
could
come. It might not happen if he managed to take out Omega early on. Hmm, he'd have to think on how to accomplish that.

And that thought was able to snap him back to reality. Tru had been growing more and more concerned as Anakin's silence drew out.

"Yes," he said formally, making sure to add in a polite nod. "I'm fine. I just had some trouble sleeping last night."

"Oh," Tru said uncertainly. "If you're sure, I guess." Anakin almost cursed himself aloud. Tru always had been good at reading other people. He'd be able to spot Anakin's half-truth a mile away.

"Thank you for your concern," Anakin said with another polite nod. "I need to get to the library now."

"Of course," the other initiate said, although again Anakin found no actual conviction in the other's voice.

He turned to leave when Tru's voice called out. "Wait."

Anakin paused. He didn't want to wait. He didn't want to be around these shadows of the past. He didn't want to get to like and know Tru again, not after things had ended. Still, not stopping would be rude, so he turned and looked at the other initiate over his shoulder.

"My name's Tru Veld, from the Squall clan," he held his hand out in greeting. Anakin looked at it for a moment, hesitating. Then he turned and warily reached out to shake the other's hand.

"Anakin Skywalker. Thranta clan."

Tru's face lit up. Anakin wanted to groan. His former friend's sharp mind had always made him a perfect candidate for keeping up with the Temple gossip.

"You're the new initiate that just came in, right?"

"Yes," Anakin said slowly as he withdrew his hand.

"What planet did you grow up on?"

Anakin frowned but didn't see a reason to not answer. "Tatooine."

Tru frowned thoughtfully. "Never heard of it."

Anakin couldn't help but snort. "I'm not surprised. It is little more than a dust ball and has little to offer the known universe."

The thoughtful look on Tru's face deepened. "You don't sound like an initiate."

The former Sith looked away, mentally kicking himself. Hadn't he just resolved not to let his guard down around Tru? "It was a harsh planet," he said softly. "Children grow up fast."

The silver being's head bobbed in acknowledgment. "I see. Well, you're here now. Why don't we eat lunch together sometime? I know our clans will have some crossover time in the next few months." Anakin wanted to sigh and shake his fist (well, he wanted to do much more than simple fist shake, but he wouldn't entertain such thoughts) at the universe in general.

Initiate clans usually held only two or three age groups. Once enough younglings came of age, they would be placed in one of three clans available for their age group. The older students were encouraged to befriend and help the younger students in their clan until they were either chosen as a padawan or sent to work in the Service Corps.

To help diversify and encourage social skills, the different clans were often mixed when it came to free time and even a few classes. When one age group graduated from a class, they would then be placed in another class and their free time would coincide with another clan's. There were anywhere from eleven to fourteen clans in the Jedi Temple at any given time, depending on how many children they had in the creche, and so when an age group in a clan graduated, chances were they would be put with a clan that they hadn't coincided with in many years if ever. Of course it was just his luck that his and Tru's clans would be put together now. And if he recalled, Darra had been in Tru's group as well.

Oh, yes, this would be fun.

Funny how quickly bitterness and resentment turn into anger.

Anakin put a hand to the bridge of his nose and massaged it. He really needed that nap. Especially if he was going to go racing tonight.

"Well you don't have to if you don't want to," Tru said defensively, misreading Anakin's reaction.

"No, it isn't..." Anakin started, but then stopped. The other initiate continued to study Anakin, his silver eyes curious and not offended. Right, this was a young Tru who would happily forgive just about anything. This wasn't the older Tru who held a grudge almost better than Anakin had. This wasn't the padawan whose trust Anakin had lost.

"Look," he said finally, unable to hide the weariness decades of regret and pain and anguish tended to bring. "It isn't what you think. My friendship will only bring you pain. Pain and regret. That is all."

This time Tru looked genuinely confused. "Why do you say that?"

Anakin shook his head. "Please, just trust me on that one. Have a good day and..." he paused at the next words, realizing with surprise just how much he wanted to say them. It would be his goodbye to a friend he'd never really had any closure with, and it would be a warning to this younger version—the boy who could forgive almost anything—that Anakin was someone who didn't deserve his company, his friendship, or his trust. "And may the Force be with you, Initiate Veld," he finally finished and strode off down the hall before Tru could say anything else.

xXx

Darth Sidious did not second guess himself often. He had far too much confidence in his abilities and no small amount of well-deserved arrogance. When he did find himself doing so, however, it rattled him. Going over everything he'd learned about this Vader again and again had given him little more insight than he'd already had.

Whoever he was (as he was most definitely male) had felt powerful, overbearing and unchallenged. He'd also commanded a control over the Force that, while nothing compared to Sidios', was commendable. He struck Sidious as someone who would prefer to work on their own. Logically, that would mean, of course, that his bounty hunters had met up with Vader after Dooku's little meeting.

That, however, made no sense at all whatsoever because that being had run. It wouldn't have been difficult for a Sith to take out the small strike force of Non-Force-Sensitive hunters, no matter how skilled they were. Not unless they had special training, which Sidious knew they didn't. And yet the being had fled.

Of course, he had also claimed to not be 'Vader', which in and of itself proved that the Sith was now showing a presence in the universe, but he doubted that Vader had taken an apprentice, and the being on the walkway hadn't shown the slightest trace of using the Dark Side (although he was undoubtedly Force Sensitive). So had Vader simply hired a rogue Jedi? Someone else who had been trained in the Force? Perhaps someone from the planet where Vader himself had come from?

It just made no sense, no matter how he looked at it and that...that frustrated him to no end. He prided himself on his ability to clearly see motives and consequences to other's actions (as well as his own), but nothing he knew fit this particular case.

Which meant he was missing something.

Oh, this would put him in a foul mood for the rest of the month, he knew. Still, being the methodical Sith he was, he went back to the beginning and went over the information again.

He would figure this out. No matter how long it took.

xXx

Thanks again to my beta Batfan7! Seriously, she's amazing!

Oh, as a note, I accidentally erased a bunch of notes and reviews I hadn't answered yet, so if I didn't answer you, I apologize!

>