

Hey, this is my first fanfic so please be nice

English is not my native language so I apologize in advance for any mistakes

Times:

Vorn - 83 years

Stellar cycle – 1 year

Solar cycle – 1 day

Joor – 1 hour

Klik – 1.2 minutes

Astrosecond – 0.273 seconds

I won't try to write the accent of Jazz, because I suck at it.

This 'Transformer World' is just made up (Characters are from G1, the movies and more)

"..." - speaking


lalalalalalla -thinking



-...-
speaking over the bond





Raiting:
for later chapters


Warnings
: Yaoi (mech x mech), illness, swearing


Disclaimer:
I own nothing but the plot



Chapter 1


Silence.

It was the only thing he heard in the last few vorns.

He slowly onlined his optics.

He could see and feel his bondmate right next to him on the berth, awake and staring with dim optics at the ceiling, but he didn't move, didn't speak anymore.

He slowly dragged his pedes from the berth and stood up. With a last glance at his unmoving bondmate Optimus Prime left their berth room to get an energon cube for breakfast.

He sat down in the sitting room on the couch, cube in his servos and looked around. Ratchet had designed everything in his quarters while he was busy being a Prime.
It was not as luxuriously as the rest of his estate.

It was simple. Warm. It was home.

He finished his morning cube and went back to the kitchen to prepare Ratchets cube.

Ratchet.

It was 6 vorns ago, but it felt like yesterday.


It was a normal day. At least as normal as a day can be for a Prime.
One of Optimus and Ratchets creations and his family came over to visit them. Well you couldn't really say 'came over' since their creations lived together with their families on the Primes estate. Which was huge...

Prowl and Smokescreen were their oldest creations. Twins. Both of them were bonded. Prowl with Jazz and Smokescreen with Mirage.

Anyway. Prowl and Jazz were visiting them together with their creation Bluestreak. Bluestreak was proudly showing his letter of acceptance to the University of Arts in Iacon to Ratchet while bouncing exited on the couch right next to him.

Prowl and Jazz were sitting together with Optimus at the small dining table which was located right next to the couch and the television. They were talking about nothing of importance.

"Yea I'm very proud of you, Blue!" Ratchet said smiling. Bluestreaker beamed at the praise he got from his grand-creator.

It was Ratchet the Hatchet after all, a bot famous as a Prime who was known to bring the dead alive again, and his praise was rare.

"Thanks. Grand-creator. I appreciate it. Did you know that Sunstreaker got accepted as well? He is a brilliant artist. A lot of mechs go to him so he draws them and he managed to sell one of his pictures to Senator Quicktalk and got quite a bit for it. He tries to get Sideswipe in as well but the principal is uncertain, because of the many pranks he pulled in his last school…" "No I didn't know, Blue", Ratchet interrupted Bluestreakers ramble fit, "…but now I do. What about a few energon cookies?" he said smiling.

"YES!" Bluestreaker cried happily, "did you make them?"

"Yes, I have quite a bit time to spare since the Senators think that the consort of the Prime is not supposed to work", Ratchet answered with an annoyed look at his face.

"Awww come on. It can't be so bad. Right Ratchet?" Jazz interferes.

"It is", Optimus said sniggering,"and I don't think it will change"

"Thank you so much for your support my dear", Ratchet said sarcastically and got up to get the energon cookies.

But he lacked his usual grace while moving and looked unsteady.


- Sweetspark? Are you feeling well? –
Optimus inquired through their bon.


-Geez. I'm fine so stop worrying! –
Ratchet replied slightly annoyed.

"Carrier? Are you okay?" Prowl asked.

"I'm fine", Ratchet snapped and disappeared in the kitchen.

Aware of the danger of Ratchets favorite wrench to the head no one said anything after that. Even when Ratchet wasn't working the danger of a wrench to your head was still there.

A klik later he appeared again with a plate full of energon cookies. Suddenly his legs stopped supporting him. Ratchet crashed hard onto the ground face first. He had tried to catch himself with his hands, but because he was a medic they were nearly as sensitive as door-wings so when he crashed onto them it just increased the pain.

-"RATCHET!"-

Optimus and Jazz were at his side in an astrosecond while Prowl and Bluestreak stood back to give them room while waiting apprehensively.

Ratchet laid shivering on the ground. Face scrunched in pain. Gritting his denta while refusing to cry out in pain. A few whimper still got out and for Optimus it was like a whiplash on his spark.


-Ratchet! Sweetspark! Can you hear me
? - Optimus practically screamed over the bond.


-Ye..Yes…I..I'm fine-
Ratchet responded weakly
–Just give me a second…-


Ratchet slowly onlined his optics, not remembering that he shut them down at all.

"Hey doc bot", Jazz said softly, "where does it hurt?"
Ratchet groaned
I'm going to get pampered 24/7 now
he realizes.

"I'm okay. I just stumbled and was surprised because of it..." Ratchet says and slowly got up. Optimus and Jazz shared a look. A look that definitely said that neither of them believed Ratchet.

Optimus still had a hand at Ratchets arm 'just in case'. "I think you should lay down a bit", Optimus said his voice telling that this was not a matter to discuss.

Ratchet shot him an annoyed look but nodded. He looked at Prowl and Jazz and said: "Sorry. It looks like I have to cut this short".

"Don't be silly", Prowl muttered and kissed Ratchets cheek"just get better quick so you can see Bluestreakers entry ceremony"

Jazz and Bluestreaker gave him a quick hug as well, before they went out the door.


-You are going to sleep now!-
Optimus said strictly, but he practically radiated his feelings of Love and Concern over the bond.

"Sleep sounds good to me", Ratchet says quietly. He felt as if all his energy drained as soon as the door closed. He felt himself swaying again.

Optimus quickly picked him up and carried him to their berth.

He lovingly covered him with a blanket and kissed his forehead.


-I love you, so get better quick-



-Love you too-
came back as the tired reply.


Oh how foolish he had been, if he only realized sooner. If he had just 'done' anything! It wouldn't be like this.

But now it was too late.

They could only hope.

And maybe, maybe Ratchet would start talking again.

Moving again

Living again

Oh what wouldn't he do to see his beloved alive again?

Alive

>