

English is not my native language so I apologize in advance for
any
mistakes

Comments or Reviews are appreciated (please tell me if I made any embarrassing mistakes)

Thanks


Times:


Vorn - 83 years

Stellar cycle – 1 year

Solar cycle – 1 day

Joor – 1 hour

Klik – 1.2 minutes

Astrosecond – 0.273 seconds

I won't try to write the accent of Jazz (or anybot else), because I suck at it.

This 'Transformer World' is just made up (Characters are from G1, the movies and more)

"…" - speaking

Lallalala – thinking


-…-
- speaking over the bond


Rating
: for later chapters


Warnings
: mech x mech, illness, swearing


Disclaimer
: I own nothing but the plot


When Jazz felt the buzzing on Prowls side of the bond that usually came when his mate crashed he knew something was wrong. There should have been nothing that could make his mate crash while he was visiting Ratchet.

Unfortunately there was no one closer who could check up on them. Optimus was attending an important meeting so he was uncertain whether he should disturb him. He decided against it. The Prime had been stressed lately.

Walking up to Driller he quickly excused himself from work before heading for the exit. "Is everything ok?", one of his co-workers asked when he passed her. It was a blue femme with the designation Glypher.
"Yup everything is good, my mate only needs my help for a bit. See you tomorrow." He didn't mean to be short…but well Prowl. He quickly left and drove home, maybe just a little bit faster than allowed.

He rushed through the estate and was finally standing in front of Optimus and Ratchets Quarters. He gave a little knock before simply letting himself inside. There was no one inside there who could answer anyway.

Prowl was lying on the ground next to Ratchets bed. The mostly black frame unmoving. He was quickly at his mates side gently touching the helmet. He checked his mate for any scrapes or dents but thankfully found none. He sighted.

"Hey there sweetspark let's get you comfortable." He continued with picking Prowls elegant frame up and gently laying him down on the couch in the living room. A pillow was positioned behind his back to remove some strain from his doorwings. There was no one else in the room. What in Primus name made him crash anyway? He sighted once again. Well nothing to do but to wait for him to wake up and tell me.


Optimus was not having a good day. After countless complaints from different senators about each other he was pretty fed up with everything. And there was this strange buzzing in the back of his mind. Every time he tried figuring out just what it was it went quiet again. The clearing of his aids vents brought him back to the datapads he needed to look over and sign. Sometimes being a Prime sucked. Sighting he went back to his work.


Ratchet was bored. And also kind of mad. But mostly confused. So when Jazz came into his room to get Prowl and he didn't even look in his direction he silently promised that the silver mech would become his first target with a wrench as soon as he could move again. What in Unicrons name is going on here anyway? His optics followed Jazz while he carried out Prowl. He hoped someone would notice him before he went mad. And where was his fragging mate when he needed him!


When Prowl woke up he was lying on a couch. The couch of his creators to be precisely. Next to himself he felt the soothing presence of his mate. Blue optics were looking fond at him. "You good there sweetspark" the silver mech asked smiling. Prowl simply hummed in agreement. His processor still slow from coming online again. He had crashed. But why? He brought forward the memory files from the last few minutes before crashing.

Jazz was silent simply watching what his mate was looking at.

Ratchet had grabbed his servo….his carrier had been awake… he moved.

He froze. His optic flickered to his mate who was equally shocked. Then they were moving. Rushing to Ratchet. A choked sob escaped Prowl when he saw Ratchet looking back at him. Trembling servos grabbed the servo of the smaller medic. Jazz grinned. No he beamed at the carrier of his mate. And Ratchet? Ratchet simply glared at them. Only a small twitch of his lips revealed his amusement at their antics and the slightly tilted helm showed his confusion for just what the frag they were doing.


Optimus was close to panicking. Scratch that he was definitely panicking. Jazz had commed him a few kliks ago telling him to get his aft too his quarters. No explanation why. He rushed through the corridors of his home until he finally reached the right door. Without bothering to announce himself he flings it open and walks inside. The living room was empty. But there where voices inside his bedroom. He heads there taking a calming vent. And there lying in their bed was Ratchet. Like always. But he was moving. He was talking. And when Optimus walked into the room he looked at him. Expectant. Jazz and Prowl moved silently back to give both of them room.

Optimus took a step forward. And another one. The buzzing in the back of his mind stopped and the bond which had been silent for too long bloomed into live again. Love. Happiness. It flowed between them without a boundary. Amusement. Confusion. Annoyance. Love. Their optics met. A smirk played on the beautiful faceplate of his medic. Another step. He had reached the bed. Two servos intervened, tangling their fingers together. He was complete again. His missing half was back again.

And Optimus smiled. Ratchet simply kept smirking.

His mate was alive once again.


Ok I had no idea how to write this…Its really short but I hope at least someone likes this.

So I am really sorry for not updating. Especially since there were so many nice reviews. I really want to thank you for those. You guys are great! Consider this chapter written for you :) .

I´m a bit torn whether I should leave the story like this (making this the last chapter of Alive) or continue it for one or two more chapters. I´m a bit uncreative at the moment so if you want some more chapters it would be great if you would give me some ideas.

Did you like the chapter? I tried to improve my writing style a bit but I´m not sure it worked… I actually started rewriting the whole thing since I´m cringing every time I read the first 7 chapters. I feel like I should apologize for being such a bad writer.

Please leave a comment :)

Parings:

Optimus Family

Stormbow &amp; Alpha Trion – Optimus Creators

Elita 1 – Optimus sister / mate : Chromia

Megatron – O. brother / mate: Starscream / creations: Thundercracker &amp; Skywarp

(Optimus is younger than Megs but older than Elita)

Ratchets Family

Starlight &amp; Windblast – Ratchets Creators

Wheeljack – R. brother / mate: Skyfire / creation: Firestar

Ironhide – R. brother / mate: Moonracer

(Ratchet is the youngest of these three)

Optimus &amp; Ratchet:

Smokescreen – creation /mate: Mirage

Prowl – creation /mate: Jazz /creation: Bluestreak

Rest:

Arcee &amp; KnockOut – adopted creations

Sunstreaker &amp; Sideswipe – old friends of Bluestreak / possible lovers

Kup – old friend of the family

>