

"Purge the heretic!" Brother Ios' cry preempted another shot of his flamer into the warehouse, that the Inquisition psykers had ascertained as a meeting point from the heretic guard's head before he was executed, over a hundred cultists being caught inside when the Inquisitor signalled the ambush to begin.

Brother Ios was being backed up by four Imperial Guardsmen, who were a part of my personal guard, whilst two of the Inquisition psykers were there in case of daemonic intervention. From the feed though, it was clear that the Astartes wouldn't need any help with such a small force opposing him, Brother Ios swatting a knife wielding cultist aside with a dismissive wave of his hand. Instead my men were there more to coordinate with the local Arbites group to prevent a crowd gathering, moving people on as the chanting Astartes continued his bloody work, with the muzzle of a gun if necessary.

"So that little cult will be crippled for some time, assuming we were unlucky and not all of the members had gathered there by the time Brother Ios started. He is good at what he does but taking prisoners for interrogation is an area in which he is...lacking." The Inquisitor and I were watching this back at my headquarters, through the eyes of one of her servo skulls, as we had far more to co-ordinate than one simple strike mission.

"Aye, but he is thorough and that is as important in this case. The cult would need to start entirely afresh now, and that kind of reorganisation leaves them open to infiltration by my agents. Perhaps they might even lead us to further traitors in time." As cunning as the followers of Chaos often were, mere cultists were only human, and humans made more than enough mistakes for me to capitalise upon.

That, and having an Astartes burn down a warehouse full of heretics in full public view served two very important, but very different purposes. Firstly, it put the fear of the Emperor into the heart of the Hive's populace, the warehouse and it's inhabitants were mostly from the Upper levels of the Hive after all. Once the story got through the rumour mill every single member of the Hive would either be heading to pray or to hide, both of which would be interesting to follow.

"This is Investigator Arcturus reporting in Inquisitor." As the second strike team leader reported in, over the encrypted comms array that the Inquisitor's acolytes had set up, I was reminded of the other reason this mass exercise was a good plan.

An Inquisitor arriving on Merdythia with an honest to the Emperor Cruiser as her form of transport wasn't a subtle move in any playbook, and an Inquisitor that moved in the shadows and seemed to be
hunting
for something even less so. An impatient Inquisitor, that acted quickly and publicly to take out heretics and sympathisers, was one that the other powerful individuals in the Hive would think they could predict and control. That was the image the Inquisitor and I wanted to give, at least to those that we wouldn't need to bring into our inner circle anyway.

The vid-screen showed the Inquisitor's Arbites investigator with at least half a dozen of our Arbites stood behind and around him, and a quick glance allowed me to guess that these were some of the Upper Hive Arbites, most of whom were either in the pay of the Noble houses or the Governor himself. Despite being outnumbered, Investigator Arcturus didn't look particularly perturbed, even with the number of guns being pointed in his direction.

"Inquisitor, I only made it partway through the target warehouse when these… Well I suppose they would call themselves Arbites, tried to stop me. Anyway, they seemed to think that I am not permitted to go looking for heretical activity where ever I think is best, and given your instructions I thought it best to check in before I dealt with these idiots." I honestly thought that the Inquisitor had been a little mad when she had chosen someone other than Brother Ios for this particular role, Space Marines had a special way of dealing with the corruption and bureaucracy of the Noble houses after all, but this Investigator was doing very well if he had been blocked so quickly.

At 5 foot 8 Investigator Arcturus was not a tall man, but he was broad for his size, and he had a gruff and mature demeanour that was in stark contrast to his very young age. At 20, Investigator Arcturus could only have been an Arbites for 2 years by the time the Inquisitor picked him up, but he carried scars proudly that would make veteran ganger's jealous. A couple of the Arbites were looking a little nervous at the mention of an Inquisitor, but it was obvious at least half of them thought Investigator Arcturus was bluffing, something the Inquisitor no doubt noticed as she took a deep breath before speaking.

"Very well Investigator. Arbites, this is Inquisitor Rose or the Ordos Hereticus, you have 10 seconds before I tell the good Investigator to consider you compliant in heretical activities." Such brashness was not Inquisitor Rose's usual style, I could tell by the way her voice sounded a bit forced when she gave such a direct threat.

"As if you are an actual Inquisitor, you don't think people have tried this before? We would have heard from someone if there was an actual Inquisitor on planet." Inquisitor Rose looked at me and I shrugged, the Arbites had a point, it wouldn't be the first time we had a group claiming to be part of the Inquisition tried to make a quick credit or two.

"This is Vice-Governor Aquila Sergeant, consider this you being told that there is an Inquisitor planetside, you are to consider the Investigator one of your own for the duration of his investigation." It had been tempting not to say anything, just so I could see why the Inquisitor was so confident in her Investigator's abilities, but ending the situation without bloodshed was the best solution for everyone there.

"V-Vice-Governor, you should have informed us if you were planning such an investigation. Lord Teves will be speaking to the Governor about this." The Sergeant was clearly in the pockets of said Noble to be back talking both myself and an Inquisitor, but judging by the body language of the other Arbites he was going to be the only one to cause anymore trouble.

"Ten!" The exclamation from Investigator Arcturus was barely a fraction of a second before the he burst into movement, knocking the Arbites Sergeant's shotgun out of his hands in a clearly practiced move.

The Sergeant began to react, bringing his arms up to where he kept his Auto-pistol, but Arcturus didn't give him the respite needed to draw it. A roundhouse kick to the side of the knee elicited a crack that I knew from experience meant an either cracked or broken bone, whilst Arcturus brought both hands up to slam palm first into either side of the Arbites' skull. It wasn't exactly a clean method of combat, but as the Arbites Sergeant fell to the ground like a crying bag of potatoes I couldn't deny it was certainly effective.

The other Arbites had raised their weapons, but luckily for them they seemed to work out how bad an idea backing up their colleague was and didn't try to use them. Investigator Arcturus seemed to realise this as well, straightening up from where he had been preparing to dive towards one of the others with a grimace on his face.

"Get this scum out of my sight. The rest of you can help me work through the rest of the warehouse with my colleagues, just so that you can stop any other acts of stupidity that might rear their heads before I have to get involved." The annihilation of their senior officer seemed to have sufficiently cowed the other Arbites, two of them moving to pick up the soon to be ex Sergeant whilst the others holstered their weapons and jumped to attention.

"Sorry for the interruption Inquisitor, will report in if I find anything of interest, Arcturus out." The screen display of the Servo-skull stayed on, as there would be acolytes monitoring the strike teams even after we'd left, but giving the indication that the Inquisitor was no longer watching was a good move by Arcturus.

Even as I watched the other Arbites seemed to relax a little as their new commanding officer started gesturing in different directions, no doubt sending them to search areas he had already looked into to see what they came back with. They hadn't even noticed the red dot that had been present on the middle Arbites' chest, a sign that the Investigator had been covered by Agent Tarkan the entire time, even if he hadn't seemed to need it.

"You were right Aquila, though I imagine Arcturus is wishing we had let him use that Arbites as proper example, despite his youth he really dislikes people trying to obstruct him in his investigations." I could believe it, I had requested the backgrounds on the few acolytes the Inquisitor had that weren't life long members of the secretive organisation, and Arcturus' past was difficult to get hold of even from when he was a child.

"The Nobles don't like it when people poke around their holdings, they have far too many secrets they like hiding. Still, after today I doubt many people will willingly stand between your men and where we want them to go, which was the whole point of this little exercise. How about your other man?" Whilst there were two other groups currently doing business in our name, both of these were in the Underhive and therefore beyond traditional communication methods until they returned to the main Hive itself, so I concerned myself with the single part of this plan that I had no input on altogether.

"Psyker Able reported in half an hour ago, he has completed a tour of every building and street within 2 miles of here and is on his way back now…" Given that I was able to see this Able's body from where I was stood, slouched in the middle of a complicated set of seals and sigils that he and the other psykers had spent most of the night working on, I couldn't help but shiver at the sorcery that was clearly at work.

"Anything… Anything for us to be concerned about?" It was difficult, even with my experience, to hide my distaste of psykers and their powers.

"Nothing more than what I usually find when I go on such walks Vice-Governor Aquila, some warp-tainted artefacts, a couple of imprisoned Demon's waiting for the unwary to set them free. I have dealt with the Demon's and noted the locations of the artefacts for the others to smite at their leisure." Able's voice carried across the room with such clarity that he might as well have been whispering in my ear, despite the fact the psyker had been talking at little more than a whisper from the moment his eyes shot open.

His voice carried very little inflection or emotion, a airy monotone that made it sound like he was reciting from a script whilst half awake, something that made him even more unnerving than a normal psyker in my opinion. The fact that he also absconded the usual robes and staff of a sanctioned psyker, and instead dressed in heavy combat armour with a sniper rifle and shotgun as armaments, actually helped my nerves a little as he looked less like a psyker and more like a Guardsman.

"Anything that we need to action immediately? From the look of it Brother Ios is done with the heretics and could…" The Inquisitor stopped as Able's eyes suddenly glowed golden, a deeper and angrier tone voice erupting from his lips to interrupt her, his body rocketing to it's feet and spasming as if having a fit.

"Nothing in this pomp covered shithole, but the Underhive teams are fucked if we do not attend to them soon, that idiot Kaleb found a Demonic artefact and it is currently winning the battle to possess him. I warned him about metal bound wood and skin, bastard just doesn't know good advice when it's given." The Inquisitor didn't seem to care that one of her acolytes had just interrupted her, and was seemingly possessed to boot, and it was only when her hand forcefully lowered my own did I realise I had drawn my newest weapons on reflex.

Given the potential foes that could be trying to infiltrate the Upper Hive, and the fact that they would definitely be targeting me when we started acting more openly, I had upgraded from my more 'relaxed' casual weaponry. I now had a pair of fully loaded bolt pistols, as well as a servitor following me at all times with more ammo and a twin linked bolter to provide cover whilst I was reloading if necessary.

"I will explain later." The Inquisitor's eyes were cold even as Able stopped spasming and returned to what I could only assume was normal, the Inquisitor shifting her gaze from myself to Able as the other Acolytes around us were suddenly gearing up.

"Threat level Able, do we need Brother Ios?" Able was sweating and pale in the face, a sign that whatever had just happened took a lot out of him, but he still responded as best he could with a shake of his head.

"Threat level Majoris, the two of us will be sufficient, though we will need a guide to the lower housing districts as my visions did not provide me with an expedited route. Vice-Governor, you are familiar with this area correct?" How Able knew that, given we had not exchanged more than two words prior to this was a mystery, but despite his monotone there was a glint in his eyes that implied a level of amusement I did not expect.

"I do, I will take us there now, given the nature of that district direct access from the Upper Hives is restricted. My presence should prevent any unfortunate attempts to delay us." I could already guess that Able had not merely brought up my past for discussion's sake, and despite my currently unadventurous lifestyle I did in fact have prior experience with dealing with those possessed by Demons, primarily whilst on missions for Elihath.

The reason that access to the lower Hive housing districts was restricted is due to the food riots we had almost twenty years ago, Underhivers using the elevator route to invade the upper districts and cause havoc across several prominent Noble's estates. As such, the elevators could now only be activated by key personnel, and they had armed guards present at all times. Whilst the Inquisitor should be able to pass with little difficulty, from the sounds of it every second would count.

"Lead on then Aquila, Serah will also accompany us but primarily to make sure we aren't being followed." We headed to the hangar, even though the Upper Hive was much smaller than the Lower or Under Hive sections the elevator entrance that we required was still several kilometers away. The landing area near the elevator would not be big enough for the Thunderhawk gunship, so I had order my personal pilot to prepare my much smaller personal transport for us to use.

Able hadn't said a word since giving us a location, the man shuffling a tarot deck in a skilled and practiced manner that almost made it seem like the cards were shuffling themselves. The Inquisitor on the other hand, hadn't stopped pacing since we had stepped aboard the transport several minutes before, relaying orders and instructions via servo-skull to the Acolytes that had remained in the Administration building.

"You haven't looked this nervous since you first invited me to dinner." That left me with Serah, who had taken her new responsibility of shadowing me everywhere I went very seriously, evidenced by the fact she had spent the night in the ceiling alcove of my bedroom.

She also had insisted on following me
everywhere
, which led to probably the most awkward shower I had endured in years. It was nice to have her back though, even if it was only temporary given the circumstances, she always had a
unique
way of challenging me.

"What do you want me to say Serah? That I'm not as worried about going to fight a demon as I was asking you on a date? You're scary, but not that scary… Most of the time." The elbow to my ribs told me I had won that round, but as we came into land and the bay door opened to show the usual dreary drizzle that dominated the Hive's weather systems, I didn't feel all that confident.

For the first time in 10 years, I was descending into the depths of the place I once called home. And even ignoring the genocidal infiltrating Xenos that could take out a Guard squad on their own, there were more than enough monsters in the dark places of the Underhive to drag them into the abyss….


A/N: New Chapter, rewrites of all the old chapters, new characters and action abound. What more do you people want? I like the depth of character that you can put into any character in a 40K story, and I also like the fact that none of you would have seen heretic hunting and Demon possessions as some of the initial plot points in a story about Hive Fleet Behemoth.



But that is 40 K at it's best, a constant battle against the many and varied foes of the Imperium whilst doing your best not to allow corruption and panic to spread amongst your own sheeple, where the pursuit of one enemy can lead to the revelation of a thousand others.



Let me know what you think of my characters, and if anyone has any (not too outlandish) suggestions of other acolytes that the Inquisitor could have (looking for a couple of less combat orientated ones probably), let me know and I will give any suggestions a good read.



Hope you all enjoy,



Defias Out!


>