


I think this actually is the final chapter...for reals this time. Characters still rent mine.



"Did Granger already pull you into an undercover operation Deeks?"

The blond detective-turned-agent looked up from the files he was reviewing at his open-flow-workspace-table mate.

"Not that I know of. Why do you ask?" He asked, honestly confused. Typically a morning person, he'd spent the better part of the night at the emergency vet. Kensi needed to get better about hiding her chocolate stash in the new apartment. Not that he blamed her, she'd beat herself up more than enough last night. And she'd be in any minute, equally bleary-eyed and hopefully bringing copious volumes of coffee. This was quite a way to return from their yearly break.

"No reason. Just know that you're method and I figured Granger had you and Blye going undercover as a couple again." Sam teased. The transition from reluctant coworker to teammate to friend to surrogate brother had been painful at times. But despite their outward appearances, these two men were more alike then anyone realized, especially when it came to the fierce loyalty to the badass women they loved.

"Yeah, that's one cover Kensi and I don't really need to practice." Deeks joked about the office's worst-kept non-secret. Their relationship had never been addressed specifically, rather accepted as the natural state of things after her return and recovery. But even still, Sam was a little surprised at the now-obvious progression of things.

As Deeks returned his attention to the file in front of him, he fiddled absent-mindedly with the slim gold band on his left ring finger, still not completely used to its weight on his finger. Sam smiled to himself and looked at his own ring as he heard voices coming from the entrance.

Kensi entered the mission carrying a cardboard carrier with four venti coffees that she started distributing, starting with Deeks. As she used her left hand, Sam caught a glimpse of a her matching gold band.

"Thanks. Good vacation? It looks like you two could have used another week." Sam asked, honestly curious. The two junior agents looked exhausted.

"Monty was sick last night." Kensi offered, slumping in her seat and inhaling the scent of her coffee before she took a sip.

"He got into some people food he shouldn't have, spent most of last night at the vet." Deeks finished his wife's thought.

A little surprising that it was here and not in the field that Sam felt his partner's absence most acutely. Had he been there, this teasing session would have been a lot more fun. But the petite red-headed analyst that had just entered the room, pushing herself up on Callen's abandoned desk and claiming the last coffee, would be a pretty good pinch hitter. Sam tilted his head slightly towards Kensi, who was still gripping her coffee with both hands like it was her savior.

Nell, catching out of the corner of her eye what Sam was on to, decided to play along.

"As temporary operations manager, I'm to assume that neither of you are functioning at one hundred percent?" She asked in a tone that Hetty would probably refer to as cheeky.

"What do you mean by that?" Deeks, looking up from the same page on the file that he'd been reading for the last twenty minutes, Kensi's focus was still on her coffee. "We're good to go if we get a case. Always prepared."

"Not possible that your observational skills are slipping because of lack of sleep? To the point, that I don't know, you might show up to work as part of your personal cover?"

"Ok, now you've really lost me. Can't we play quiz-the-junior-agents game after Kens and I have at least made it through one cup of coffee?"

"Sure, just two last questions" Sam had broken out into a large grin by this point, Nell was really selling this, "Where are you two registered? And if we just call for Deeks, will you both show up? That would be much more efficient."

Kensi's and Deeks'; eyes locked. They'd known this moment was inevitable, they worked with federal investigators after all. They'd even discussed how to tell the team in the days that followed their civil ceremony. Direct, honest, simple had been the plan. There had been too many lies and half-truths over the past couple of months. They had decided to get married, yes, because they loved each other, but also as a touchstone in the inevitable craziness that was their lives. It was a little ironic that something as simple, as mundane, as a sick dog, had thrown them for a loop.

But in turn, maybe it was for the best, the lightness and comraderie of the morning a needed break from the heaviness of the previous months.

"Civil ceremony, two weeks ago." Kensi offered.

"Figured I'd finally make an honest woman out of her." The Deeks sense of humor coming back as the caffeine took affect.

Eric's whistle cut through the mission, bringing everyone back into work mode. We've got a coded message from Callen. Looks like he may have found something he needs our help with."

"Time to get to work," Granger appeared next to the tech, "We can congratulate the Agents Deeks later."

Despite the monotone from Granger, there was a glint of approval in his eyes.

Sam squeezed Deeks shoulder as they made their way up to ops.

"You're gonna love married life."

"Already do man, already do. Now let's go help your work wife."

Despite the seriousness of the situation and the overwhelming worry for his partner Sam had felt since Callen left on this personal mission, he couldn't help but chuckle.

>