

Anakin was not looking forward to his mind-healing session with Healer Girth. If it was anything like his session with Master Xio...well, he
truly
did not want to go back to see her. He hadn't felt that exposed since the Emperor had discovered Luke's existence and he'd be lying if he said that it didn't scare him on some level. He was convinced that she would go on about his Dark Side training and try to tell him how horrible it was, despite her assurances. He was also convinced that that wasn't all she would do and he had no idea how to handle any actions she might take.

Now he was waiting outside the room Girth was using as his own office. Thankfully it wasn't the same one he'd gone to for Master Xio's session. He hadn't been waiting for long before the door opened and a fur-covered, rodent-like head popped out.

"Ah, Anakin," Girth said in his high-pitched, happy voice. "You're here. Come in, come in."

Stiffly, Anakin followed him into a room decorated similarly to Master Xio's, if a bit more elaborately. It didn't help his uneasiness. The room was carpeted with an ornate rug in the center. Two armchairs had been set up opposite of each other with a caff table in the center. The rest of the room had a warm but simple feeling to it. Holo-pictures of beautiful, grassy landscapes and waterfalls decorated the walls. It was a change from the typical Jedi décor and Anakin found he rather liked it despite his uneasiness. Also, on the caff table sat a tray with an assortment of simple confections as well as two mugs. Three different jugs (actual
clay
jugs—Anakin hadn't seen anything like that since Tatooine) had also been set out next to the tray. One of them had steam rising out of it.

"Have a seat. Take whichever one you want," Girth urged. "I think you'll like some of the drinks I've gotten for you to sample as well, so grab a mug."

Anakin wasn't feeling all that hungry at the moment, but he rarely passed up a chance to eat something these days, and not taking anything would broadcast his nervousness, so he walked up to the table and grabbed a mug before checking each of the jugs. He was rather surprised at the first one he looked into.

"Pollie Juice?" he asked incredulously. Because Pollies grew on Tattooine, they had very little water in their makeup. To get anything juice-like from them, they had to be crushed and combined with water or ice. The result was normally a sort of slush that the children considered a great treat. It was rare enough on Tatooine, and he'd never seen it anywhere else. He glanced up at Girth who nodded, a large smile on his face, which showed almost all of his over-sized, mostly flat teeth.

Unsure of what to think, Anakin looked into the next jug, the one with steam. He recognized that one as a sort of sweet tea-like drink, again native to Tatooine, that was popular amongst the younger generations. The third had blue Bantha Milk.

"Where did you get these?" he asked.

"I had them imported," Girth said with a smile. "I know you probably don't get things like that here on Courscant and thought it would be a treat for you. Mind you, I probably won't be able to do so every week, but I wanted our first session to be memorable."

Anakin was impressed despite himself and found he'd already relaxed quite a bit at the other being's open and welcoming manner. It was a very nice gesture and reminded him of something Padme might do. She'd always gone out of her way to surprise her friends and give them very thoughtful gifts.

"Thank you," he said as he poured some of the milk into his mug and picked up a confection. It wasn't from Tatooine, but it did look delicious.

"Alright," Girth said as he picked up his own mug and poured the milk into it as well. He didn't so much as flinch at the strange blue color, which amused Anakin. He wondered how much conditioning the rodent-like being had had to put himself through to do that. Few people liked or appreciated something like milk having such a strange color. "I know that we went over what you can expect from our combined session last time, but I'd just like to reiterate, if you don't mind."

Anakin shrugged and sipped at his drink.

Girth nodded and smiled warmly. "First of all, it's obvious that my views differ from traditional Jedi views. With that in mind, I have to say that my therapy and counseling tends to focus on understanding. If one can understand why they do things, or why someone else does something, that it is the largest step towards true peace. Once one understands something, they can begin to fix it. Does that make sense?"

Anakin nodded truthfully. After all, no one could fix a speeder if they didn't know what was causing the problem to begin with. Still, it wasn't like he could really tell Mr. Girth exactly what was wrong with him, so again, he felt all of this was rather useless.

Girth continued. "Good. Now, I'd like to say that we won't ever touch on your Force Powers here..." Anakin raised an eyebrow but said nothing. The Jedi didn't like to think of their Force Sensitivity as 'powers'. That was more of a Sith thing. It was amusing to see what the rest of the universe thought of Jedi abilities though. Girth went on after only a small pause, "But it's such a fundamental part of your life that I can't say it won't come up. Mostly Master Xio will be discussing that with you, but I want you to be prepared for the eventuality. However, I wanted to emphasize that that will not be our focus." Anakin felt the tension that had appeared when he'd mentioned Master Xio begin to drain away at that.

"I don't know much about your life before this, except that you were a slave on Tatooine, correct?" Anakin nodded in affirmation. "I see," Girth said as he lapped at his own drink. "I have helped slaves before, but every situation where a former slave has had to readjust to being freed has been different. Many slaves hate that state of being and fight it, some simply accept it and some even find the fact that they don't have to make their own decisions freeing. I want to know what your experiences were. Could you elaborate on that for me? What was a normal day for you like?"

Anakin considered not answering, but his memories of life as a slave didn't hold as much pain or embarrassment as they used to. He didn't see much of a point in keeping silent (he had to at least act like he was trying to keep the Council off of his back), so he shrugged and told the mind-healer how he would wake up at the crack of dawn and head over to Watto's shop where he would spend the day going through junk piles, fixing broken or scavenged machinery, fusing things together, figuring everything out on the go, etc. Then, once Watto closed the store, he'd usually have the last few hours of the day to himself.

All in all, it hadn't been too bad. Anakin had seen how most slaves owners treated their slaves and he and his mother had been lucky when Watto had won them. He knew that. He'd known that for a long time, which was why he hadn't ever held more than a residue of resentment for the toydarian.

"He wasn't that bad, as slave masters go," Anakin said thoughtfully and with only the slightest frown. "He didn't beat us or lend us out to other slave owners as payment, although he did limit what we could own and where we could go. He never acknowledged us as actual beings either, and while his punishments were not usually life-threatening, they were...unpleasant." Anakin sensed the healer's request before the drall even opened his mouth, so Anakin decided to expound.

"He would take rations away for weeks at a time, he could be extremely verbally abusive and he would often make me racecompetitively, on the pod circuitsif mom really upset him. He knew doing anything to me almost killed her, but he kept us together. Even before he knew I could be useful to him, he never sold either one of us. I think he acted the way he did to protect his investment—I could fix more than most slaves two and three times my age, and mom kept excellent books—but we still benefited from his mind set, to an extent."

Girth nodded. "I agree that yours is definitely one of the better experiences of slavery that I've ever heard, which, sadly, is not saying much."

Anakin felt a tug at his lips, although he could feel no mirth in the expression. It was a relief to hear his own opinion confirmed.

"Well that's a day in your life," Girth said suddenly and then glanced down at the data pad laying on the small side-table next to his chair. "Why don't you tell me about the people you interacted with. You mentioned other slaves, namely your mother?"

Anakin had seen this coming, and it didn't bother him in the slightest to carry on about how amazing his mother had been and how she would do anything for him and how she had always believed in him. Half way through his spoken words, he realized that he felt far more relaxed and at home than he'd felt since he came back in time—and probably more
content
than he'd ever been at the Jedi Temple before. Right about then, he realized that he'd never actually spoken about his mother like this before, even to Padme because by that time it had become too painful. The Jedi had discouraged him from speaking of his mother because she was an attachment, but that hadn't stopped him from having feelings for her (as his run-in with the Tuscan Raiders that had kidnapped her had proved).

"It sounds like you love her very much," Girth said once Anakin had begun to wind down.

Anakin's smile faded at his words. Even now it felt wrong to say he loved someone. It had always been different with Padme and she had been the only exception because while the secrecy had been difficult, it had also added a level of excitement to the relationship as well. He still hadn't told her often how much he loved her in so many words...well, he hadn't instigated saying so in any case. It felt even more wrong now because he saw his love as a passion, and passion was the Sith mantra, not the Jedi. He may not believe completely in the Jedi way of life at the moment, but he would prefer to revert to their beliefs than acknowledge anything even closely resembling the Sith. It still rubbed him wrong either way. Since when had he become such a coward?

"Anakin?"

He still didn't speak.

"What's wrong?"

Oh, right, Girth wouldn't know why he'd suddenly clammed up.

"Jedi don't believe in attachment," he said.

The drall's eyebrows furrowed in puzzlement and his whiskers twitched a little faster. "Yes, I know that, but I thought that that particular rule related more to partnerships and romantic relationships."

To his credit, Anakin didn't flinch at that. "No, they mean almost any relationship. It's a weakness that can be exploited."

Girth frowned in outright disapproval at that. "But what about the bond between a master and a padawan?"

Anakin glanced back at him, confused. The mind-healer must have recognized what his patient didn't understand because he answered the unspoken question. "Master Xio explained that particular aspect to me when I asked her for more information about how Masters and Knights choose padawans."

Ah, that made sense. Anakin nodded and looked away again. "Padawans and their Masters are encouraged to not form deep emotional bonds. Once a padawan becomes a knight, they rarely see their former Master." Obi-wan and Anakin had been an exception because of the Clone Wars. He knew of several Jedi who hadn't approved of 'The Negotiator' and 'The Hero With No Fear' (ha, what a laugh!) continuing to be sent to the front lines together, but few had raised serious objections because it had been a time of war...and truthfully, the Jedi hadn't known how to really handle it.

"And how do you feel about that?"

Anakin scoffed. "I think it's ridiculous to send two people into situations where their lives depend on the other and expect them to not form emotional bonds."

"Hmm. Perhaps you and I feel differently than the Jedi because we were raised differently?" Girth asked.

Ah, so he agreed but didn't want to come out in direct opposition to the Jedi. Smart being.

"You mean to say that as someone who grew up outside the Temple that my mind set is inherently different. I agree, to an extent, however I don't think even Jedi are immune to these deeply-rooted bonds."

Girth just stared at the ten-year-old* with an unreadable expression for several minutes. The unusual scrutiny puzzled Anakin until he went back over his words and cringed. That hadn't sounded like a child in the slightest. He'd been too caught up in the conversation and had let his guard down. He
really
needed to stop doing that.

Finally the drall spoke again, his words slow. "So you are suggesting that all the Jedi are in denial?"

Anakin couldn't help his amused smirk at that. "Some. I've noticed in my creche group that the other younglings don't seem to realize they have emotions unrelated to the Force. If they do notice...well, they are encouraged not to."

Girth frowned again and Anakin felt a spike of displeasure through the Force. Well, it was nice to see someone else agreed with him.

"Well, I don't want to say the Temple teachings are wrong. I only know a small sliver of them, after all, but ignoring your feelings or pretending they don't exist will not help you in the long run. No matter your goal, whether it is to 'overcome' such feelings or to achieve a healthy state of mind, acknowledging that you have these feelings is the first step. Pretending such feelings don't exist is..." he paused, probably looking for a nicer word than 'ludicrous' or 'stupid'. "Unwise," he finally finished.

"This is something I will have to bring to Master Xio's attention." He added that last part on as an after thought and Anakin wasn't sure the mind-healer was speaking to himself or to Anakin. After a moment, though, he looked back up at his patient and went on.

"Perhaps Jedi who grow up with the differing world view have other ways of acknowledging and dealing with their feelings," the mind-healer's tone only thinly hid the fact that he did not believe that in the slightest, but Anakin appreciated that he was trying to look at the situation objectively. "But if they do, I am not convinced that such a method will work with you as you have, as you said, an inherently different mind-set."

Anakin wanted to kick himself for that slip-up. Ah well. He couldn't exactly take it back.

"With that in mind, let's go back to my original question: How do you feel about your mother? Please be as accurate as you possibly can. You don't have to be extremely specific, but just tell me in honesty."

He wasn't sure he understood the question. "Everything she did was for me. How am I supposed to feel towards her?"

Girth smiled at that and seemed to relax. Apparently he had been expecting Anakin to say something like that.

"That is for you to express. I know it seems difficult, but you need to acknowledge how you feel about her. Use simple, generic terms to begin with and we can move on from there."

He still wasn't sure he was comprehending the other being's meaning, but it would still be several minutes until the session ended and Girth was expecting him to say something. He turned his mind back to his mother, picturing her tanned face only just beginning to show age lines, despite the harsh conditions of the planet she resided on.

"She's amazing," he finally said. He couldn't get more generic or honest than that.

Girth's mouth twitched into the drall's equivalent of a knowing smile.

"Yes, but how do
you
feel about her? What do you feel towards her?"

Suddenly it clicked as to what the drall was trying to get Anakin to do. Part of him didn't want to say it for multiple reasons (it would be a huge blow to his pride to even admit it aloud, it would be going against everything he'd ever been taught at the Temple, it was admitting to a passion he still harbored, etc.) but part of him curled with anticipation.

"You're right," he finally said, referring to Girth's previous observation. "I do love her. Very much. She was everything to me—my whole world. I miss her...and I always will."

The smile on the mind-healer's face shown with a genuine pride that Anakin had seen very rarely from anyone (with the exception of his mother) in his life.

"Well done, Anakin. You've taken a very large step forward. I don't think you realize just how large. Now, why don't you tell me how you feel about having to leave her behind when you came to the Temple."

Anakin was sure that the second repetition of any activity was supposed to be easier than the first. He'd examined and expressed his feelings for his mother (and that had been surprisingly difficult to speak aloud), and he'd succeeded. However, trying to think similarly to describe how he felt about leaving Tatooine didn't seem any less difficult.

"Um...nervous?" he realized just how juvenile that had sounded and wondered why he was suddenly able to put his facade forward without meaning to. He'd also said that in all honesty...so did that make it a facade? He frowned at the thought, unsure of how to proceed.

"Understandable," Girth said with a knowing nod. "But I think you can be more specific."

Anakin didn't want to say he'd been scared to death, but the thought occurred to him nonetheless. He realized that he would have to admit that at some point, but wasn't sure he could at the moment, so he focused more on his mother and Tatooine in general.

"I hated living on Tatooine," he finally said. "It's hot and harsh and you can't trust anyone. It's every being for himself, and few who don't believe that survive," he said bitterly. Then his features softened. "That's why mom was so amazing. She was so different from everyone else. And she never changed, no matter what happened." She'd been the softness that blunted the sharp edges of life on Tatooine; the refreshing taste of water on an otherwise dry, desolate planet—in more ways than just the physical.

"I hated leaving her behind just as much as I hated the idea of staying. And I hate the idea that she's still there."

He did not like using the word 'hate', as he tended to associate such a feeling with the Sith, but Girth had asked him to be as honest as he could be, and even he knew he'd be lying if he used a weaker word. It was depressing that he'd had such tendencies towards the Dark Side, even at that young age, and still harbored those emotions now. Still, even as he said it, he felt lighter somehow. It was strange and he couldn't help his amazed confusion at the unfamiliar sensation.

"Very good, Anakin. You're doing better than I expected. However, let's focus on more positive feelings. Acknowledging the negative is very important, but focusing on the good will help just as much if not more so.

"So I'm curious, how did you feel when you learned you were no longer a slave?"

He couldn't help scoffing. "I was being freed."

The drall raised one of his furry eyebrows, whiskers twitching in amusement. "Feelings, Anakin. How did you feel?"

And yet again, he found the idea of expressing such things just as challenging as before. He grit his teeth in frustration.

"Excited, I guess. Relieved. Happy...until I found out mom couldn't come with me."

"How did you feel then?"

He frowned. How had he felt at that point? "Upset, I guess."

"You guess?"

"Well, why could they free me, but not my mom?" he felt his frustration grow and clenched his fists.

"You know why, though, don't you?"

And the resentment faded because Qui-gon really had tried to free his mother, so the enmity he felt there was undue. "Yes. I...felt upset. Angry, even." And the first time around he had even held a spark of bitterness towards Qui-gon for not being able to free both of them.

"But mom told me to be brave and not look back."

"She sounds like an incredible woman."

Anakin nodded, his lips tugging into a small, wistful smile. "Yes. She is." Oh and how it felt so
good
to say that in present tense!

"How do you feel about those events now?"

The Jedi frowned at that question. How
did
he feel about what happened? Annoyed? Perhaps a little. Bitter? Not particularly. Angry? No, not that either, not anymore. He was still worried for his mother, still upset that his mother had to stay on Tatooine as a slave, but as for everything else...

He shrugged. "It's in the past. I'll never forget that it happened, but I'm not upset about it anymore. At least, I don't think I am."

"Excellent!" Girth clapped his paws together twice, creating a soft thumping sound. Then he continued with a cheerful grin. "Well, the time's up and we're about done with our session. I'm going to take you in to talk to D-40 now, but when you do talk to the droid, please keep in mind that you need to examine how you feel about whatever you're telling it. Use terms like 'happy', 'sad', 'angry', 'upset', 'annoyed', etc. but be as honest as you can be. If you're not sure how to say what you're feeling you can bring it to me and we'll find out together.

"A few things you have to know before I let you go, though. The first is that not acknowledging your feelings is not the same as not having them. Pretending you don't have emotions is nothing short of illogical. All sentients have some sort of subconscious internal processing procedure that results in neural chemical reactions, which we translate into feelings. Not realizing and admitting your feelings—even if only in your mind—is the same as lying to yourself. And if you can't be honest with yourself, you will never be able to reach your full potential.

"The second is that your feelings do not make you any less of a Jedi, no matter what the Temple teachings might say. Consciously recognizing what you're feeling can help you in so many ways, not the least of which is to overcome what you feel and be able to move on as you did today. Acknowledging the 'hows' and 'whys' is the basis of understanding, and once you understand, you can move on.

"Do you understand what I am trying to say?" the drall asked, large brown eyes boring into Anakin's with sincerity.

Anakin nodded. "Yes," was all he said. The healer didn't look completely convinced, but after a moment, he got up and motioned for Anakin to follow him to the next room where he would spend the next hour with his mechanical therapist. Thankfully, working on mechanics had always helped Anakin think, and Girth had given him a lot to think on. He continued to run the conversation back through his mind long after he'd practically taken D-40 apart and wired it to speak only in Huttese.

xXx

Jedi Master Tai'k Xio was not pleased. She had been having a rather pleasant and fairly normal day when her fellow mind-healer had just come from a session with their mutual patient and had proceeded to declare everything she believed in wrong. Admittedly, he hadn't said it in so many words, but the intention had been there.

And still was.

"Master Xio, I do not mean to be disrespectful, but I cannot help but draw the conclusion that you encourage your students and younglings to deny that they have any feelings at all."

"Feelings are a weakness," she said with as much patience as she could muster. "They bring bias and disharmony to any given situation. As Jedi, we cannot afford that." He was a logical being. Surely he couldn't dispute the truth to her words.

"But any sentient being that ignores that they do, in fact, have emotions will only exist in a state of denial that is not healthy," Healer Girth countered. "The assumption that 'an emotion unacknowledged is an emotion that isn't there' is wrong, and I can prove it scientifically, historically and psychologically if you would like proof. In most beings, those ignored emotions will simply build until they explode. As Jedi, I doubt you can afford that either."

"Which is why we teach our younglings to release their emotions to the Force. Feelings are to be accepted and then given to that which sustains life to do with as It wills."

"Accepting is not always acknowledging," the smaller mind-healer replied. "At least not in this case. Having feelings is not a negative thing, Master Xio. It is a part of being sentient. Denying that is not healthy for growth of the body, mind or spirit."

It was taking some great effort for the Jedi master to remain calm. She did not appreciate having her lifestyle questioned. "With all due respect, Healter Girth, our way of life has sustained us for over a thousand years. Who are we to question what works?"

"A sentient," the drall responded immediately. "Sentients exist to question and change. Just because something worked for centuries or millenia doesn't mean it will always work."

Master Xio shook her head. "I don't believe we will ever agree on this topic," she said softly.

The drall closed his eyes and took a deep breath. "I believe you are right, and I am not here to question the Temple or the Jedi teachings. I'm sorry if it came across that way. All I am saying is that because Anakin didn't grow up in the Temple, your normal method of training will not work. He has been taught to feel—to follow his heart. Now you can try to train that out of him, if you like, but I can guarantee you will not like the result. His feelings are his moral compass, and taking that away will not help him or you in the slightest."

Master Xio frowned. She wasn't sure she agreed with that either, but she could see the truth in his words as clearly as she could see the truth in her own.

Healer Girth must have interpreted her expression correctly because he spoke again, obviously trying to keep the frustration out of his voice. "Isn't that why you brought me here to begin with? Because you didn't know how to help him; because he has an inherently different mind-set?" Something about that phrase seemed to calm him down and add just the barest touch of amusement to his tone before it vanished.

The Jedi remained silent, mainly because he was correct in that statement.

"You know you can't just expect someone to change into whatever you want them to be," the furry mind-healer said, his voice softer now. "By taking Anakin in, you have acknowledged that you do have to deal with him differently. He will always be unusual and I doubt he will ever be even remotely similar to the other Jedi. As such, you cannot treat him in the same manner."

"Treating him differently could cause dissent among the Jedi," Master Xio pointed out.

Healer Girth shook his head. "With all due respect, Master, you Jedi should have thought of that before you accepted him into your ranks."

They sat there in silence for a few minutes before the drall sighed and shook his head. "Please bring my observations before the Council. And thank you for listening to me, even though you do not agree."

He said the words with a little more than his usual sincerity, and Master Xio couldn't help but nod in ascent.

"Have a pleasant day," the mind-healer said as he left.

"May the Force be with you," the Jedi returned as the door closed. After a few moments of contemplation, she turned and requested an audience with the Jedi Council. She had promised, after all, and whether or not she agreed, he had brought up some valid points.

xXx

Senator Palpatine leaned back in his chair and contemplated the report he'd just received. Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas was dead after a rather over-powered ambush set up by Sidious himself, leaving the paranoid Jedi Master's link to the fledgling clone army open for manipulation. It was one loose end he was glad to be rid of. Now he could turn his attentions to Dooku's former brat, the Bando Gora Priestess. He'd put it off for a while, hoping he'd have the former Jedi Master on his side by now. Having Dooku cut off and kill his own bonds himself would only strengthen Sidious' hold over him as well as his connection to the Dark Side.

Now, though, he wasn't so sure he could afford to wait that long. Vader's sudden appearance had thrown Sidious' plans into chaos. His positions were not nearly as solid as he had guessed they would be and it frustrated him to no end. It had only been a few months since the Naboo Blockade and he was almost no further along now as he had been then. He was sure he'd win the next election, which would come at the end of the year, but it would have been so much easier if the brat Queen would have done what she
should
have done. Still, he's been patient and he could continue to be so, but whether it be Vader, Dooku or someone else, he needed an apprentice by the end of the year.

He contemplated the now blank screen again, chin held in his hand and a finger resting over his lips thoughtfully. Komari Vosa had been a Senior Padwan rank when she'd been ousted by the Jedi Order. He knew she was not in her right mind, but that would only make her more pliable and controllable. Plus she had the bonus of already being under the thrall of the Dark Side of the Force; he wouldn't have to turn her. She wouldn't be a long-term solution, but she was an option, although he wasn't sure she was strong enough mentally to begin Sith Training.

Perhaps a test would be in order? He was looking for a good candidate for the clones as well. Hmm. Yes, he could kill two birds with one stone. A bounty, perhaps? A very
large
bounty that would draw attention of just the right sort of people...

He didn't allow himself to grin. He had more discipline than that. Still, he couldn't help the surge of smug triumph at his possible (probable) solution to this particular problem. He stood and walked towards the door of his office. He would need to get in contact with a few people to set this up, but he was fairly confident it would work (as long as Vader didn't stick his nose into this as well). Once he had this taken care of he could continue to try and figure out how to remove the other thorns in his side and to turn them into seedlings that would benefit him instead.

xXx

*I went through and figured out that Anakin would actually turn ten about a month after TPM ended, give or take a few weeks. Going to go back and fix this in the rest of the story, but for now just know that Anakin has had his birthday and turned ten before he made any friends.

A/N: Okay, so I want to explain a few things about this. First, I am NOT a psychology major nor a counselor in any professional way. The closest I come to that is being an ear for my friends when they need to vent, and I do that quite often. I'm usually pretty decent at seeing the psychology behind actions, but it's based more on experience and the classes I have taken and some counseling I've been to myself. I did get a little help on this from my beta reader who has actually been to her share of counseling. She said I may have rushed into getting to the 'big stuff', but I disagreed because of how Anakin thinks of his mother. Especially at this point. It may have been a bigger deal when he was younger, but at this point he's just so ecstatic she's alive that the worst thing about his relationship to her is the fact that he had to leave her behind. Well, that and the whole 'you can't love' thing, but I'm going to be going into that one later.

Anyway, I greatly appreciate comments. :) And thanks to Batfan7 for beta-reading! She's amazing!

>