


Disclaimer: I do not own Power Rangers Megaforce. This story is fan-made.




Author's Note


: As many of you may know, over the last few months I've been suffering from shoulder pain. Over the last couple of weeks the pain has grown and I've fallen ill (when it rains, it pours). My writing as well as my updates will be slow or may even cease completely until I am feeling well again. I've got a few deleted scenes that I can publish in the meantime to hold you over (if you wish to see them), but the Megaforce Series is on a temporary hiatus. I do promise I will get back to it, and hope to recover quickly.



I thank you all for your understanding and patience.



Deleted Scene: This was going to take place immediately after "With Great Power" but I got a new idea I wanted to run with. This was originally part of a longer chapter and with my new idea, this one was scrapped. Still, I hope you like it!


Jake winced, turned away, and hissed when he saw Gia, once again, wipe out and hit the ice.

There wasn't much Gia couldn't do. She seemed to have a natural talent in being talented. She was great in school and could hold her own in most sports. Jake had only ever seen her struggle so much with something once before, and that had been when he helped her discover her love of mountain boarding.

They had a couple of weeks off school for the winter holidays and now that they weren't Rangers Jake wanted to take advantage of the guaranteed downtime to have some uninterrupted fun with his girlfriend. With the city feeling safe after weeks of peace, shops, restaurants, and fun activities were starting up around town again. Jake heard the city set up a skating rink and figured he and Gia could have fun there.

He had no idea she didn't know how to skate.

After she wiped out, he skated over to her and held out his hand, "Need a hand."

"I need my butt pad," Gia grumbled as she accepted his help and then rubbed her butt. "Why can't I get it?"

"You can't be good at everything."

"I'm not… obviously," Gia muttered. When she had her balance Jake skated away from her just a bit. He wanted her to learn and she wouldn't do that if he kept holding her (though, really, he wasn't that opposed to the idea).

"Just take it easy," he told her. "One foot in front of the other. Push off, move slowly, and don't think about…"

Without Gia making a move her legs suddenly came up from under her and she crashed into the ice again.

"Falling…" Jake sighed. He skated back to her, helped her up, and this time he kept his arms around her. It seemed to be the safest thing he could do. As he helped her practice for a little, he looked at her with a smile.

"You're falling on purpose, aren't you?"

"I have no idea what you're talking about," Gia shook her head and pulled him in a little closer. Jake wasn't going to push it. He had asked her on the date to be closer to her anyways. They made it once around the ice before a couple of kids with hockey sticks dashed right in front of them. Jake tried to stop and Gia tried to stop, but they couldn't do it in time. The kids were out of the way quickly but the black and yellow Rangers hit the ice, with Gia on top of Jake.

"Are you okay?" they asked simultaneously and then laughed. Gia pushed herself up to her knees to let Jake get up. He was on his feet pretty quickly and then offered his hand to Gia.

"Alright, let's just ditch the skates," he told her. "Hot chocolate?"

>