

Hey! I'm here with a new fanfiction for all of you to enjoy!
Ticci Toby- So enjoy it!
Hehe, I own nothing.
Ticci Toby- yepyepyep!
Please read and comment!

Prologue

Have you ever shared a house with a crazy serial killer? How about sharing a house with
five
of them? And they are all guys, except you?

Well, let me tell you, it is weird. And kinda scary.

I live with five of the probably best known killers out there. Jeff The Killer, BEN Drowned, Eyeless Jack, Laughing Jack, and Ticci Toby.

Now, you may think I'm crazy myself, for letting these people stay in my house. And I understand why. Not only could they kill me, but I would be in a lot of trouble if police found out.

Besides the fact that they don't look
normal
by many standards, they have some strange habits, and they kill people, living with them isn't that strange. I mean, it's like living with five brothers. And they all have something they bring to the house, and that's a good bonus.

The only thing bad about the whole setup, though, is that there are only three bedrooms in the house. Well, there is a fourth room, but that's for storage and such.

Since there are three bedrooms, and six people, we have to share rooms. And that means I have to share a room with one of the guys. I chose Tobi right off the bat, because, well, he seems to be the least harmful.

And with all of them together, there's a sort of balance. They told me they're only staying because Slender told them too, but I'm happy to let them stay none the less. I guess you could say I've grown to love them, in a way.

Oh, there's so much more to crazy roommates than I can tell you, but maybe my story will help.

(1st Person)

I was lying in my bed, cuddled under my blanket covered in anime characters, clutching my cat close to my chest. I was happy, oblivious, and wanting to stay that way.

But sadly, with five crazy guys in my house, I didn't always get to sleep in late, and they had a strange routine for waking me in the morning. They might even have a chart somewhere so they remember. It probably looks like this.

Ticci Toby- 6 am

Jeff The Killer- 4 am

Eyeless Jack – 7 am

BEN- 4 am

Laughing Jack- 9 am

Today was Jeff's day, which meant I was going to have a knife pressed against my throat and a large body sitting atop me in about… I glanced over at my alarm clock, squinting to read the glowing numbers. 30 minutes. 30 minutes until I'm rudely awoken.

Deciding to get the upper hand I got up, tucking my pillows under my covers to appear like I was still lying there. Then I grabbed my phone and tiptoed out the door, trying not to wake Toby, who was curled up in a ball.

I peeked at my watch, which read 3:34 am.

"This is stupid," I whispered to myself. "I'm the only one in this whole damn city that has to wake up at 3:30 in the morning."

The stairs seemed to creak louder than normal as I walked down them, and I gave a silent prayer that I wasn't about to walk in on one of Eyeless's pre-dawn snacks or BEN playing video games in his underwear again.

And my prayer was answered. The whole downstairs floor was empty and quiet, except for the soothing hum of the fridge.

Bypassing the living room completely I made a beeline to the fridge, instantly hungry. Hey, if I couldn't sleep, I could eat. And I
would
eat.

After I had loaded my arms with cold pizza, ice cream, and chocolate-chip

cookies, and a large bottle of Naked Juice, I dumped myself down on the

couch. From experience I knew that anime would be on at this hour, and

With anime being my most favorite thing in the world, I instantly clicked

On the TV.

After about 3 hours of watching anime and waiting for Jeff, (Who never came down after all, the lazy dumbass,) Toby came down, groggy but still annoying.

"Heeeeeeeyyyyy Zaya!" He said, plopping down at the end of the couch.

"I told you not to call me that." I sighed, glaring.

"You're grumpy this morning, aren't you?"

"Please be quiet, Toby. I'm starting to get a headache."

"Are you on your
period
, Zaya?" He asked, leaning towards me. I growled.

"No, Toby. I am not on my period. But I am tired." I replied, yawning.

Toby twitched and laughed.

"Then sleep, dummy." He giggled.

"I can't sleep now. It's what? 7 in the morning? And where are the others, anyways?"

"Well, BEN and Jeff were called out to the mansion of a mission, and the Jacks went out for some kills. The freezer needs restocked, you know."

"Damn." That meant it was only Toby and I for at least half the day. This was going to be great.


Slender Mansion


"Are you sure you two can handle the mission?" Slender asked Jeff and BEN.

"Positive. It won't be easy, though." Jeff answered, twirling his knife on his finger.

"All we need to do is awaken what's inside her already, right?" BEN confirmed.

"Yes. And since she already invited you five into her home, which means it's already pretty free. All you need to do is unleash the rest of it." Slender nodded.

"Great. Then its time to get back." Jeff smiled, grabbing BEN's wrist and hauling him out the door.

"See ya Slendy!" BEN waved.

Slenderman watched, slightly annoyed, as the two disappeared down the well and into the human realm. It was going to be harder than they thought, and he wasn't even sure if all five of them could do it. The mission in itself was simple, but the girl was complicated. But it would be worth it. Izaya might be one of the best proxies Slenderman would ever get.

>