

Okay, so this is the second chapter for Five Roommates. Here's a list of what I think the rest of this story is gona be like, if you wish to have an idea.

Plot- no idea

Pairings- TicciXIzaya?

Drama- Not a clue

Length- No F*ing Idea.

Yeah, so you see that I am winging this whole thing. Actually, I wing all my stories. But besides that, my stories (and one-shots) turn out pretty good. ( if you disagree, go die in a hole.)

So now, just for you guys, I'll squeeze something from my brain onto this paper so I can *hopefully* update soon. See ya!

It was around 10 when the Jacks came back with their bodies, and noon when Jeff and BEN got home. By then the blood was cleaned up (Done by me.), the *Body Freezer* stocked, (By me.) and the neighbors convinced that 'no, you did not just see a clown and a masked figure dragging a body bag through my front door.' (BY ME AGAIN.)

During all of this everybody idled around the house, doing nothing to help, perfering to wrestle in the living room. By the time I got back into the house, I was pissed.

"What is your deal?!" I growled, standing in the doorway when they were all in the living room. "Can't I get a bit of help from you guys?! Espicially since, without me, you would have no place to stay, no video games," I glared at BEN. "Or fresh knives, free wifi, food… I would think I deserve some help cleaning up your messes!"

"W-w-woah, Zaya, c-calm down!" Toby said, standing up. (Meh, sorry. I forgot to make him stutter in 1st chapter. Whoops, I guess.)

"Uh, yea, Izaya. Calm down a little, will ya?" Jeff nodded. "We help you out."

"Oh, you do? Please, give me an example." I snarled, putting my hands on my hips.

"We wake you up in the morning!" Laughing Jack exclaimed triumpthtly, smiling.

"That's not the kind of help I want!" I half-yelled. Then I sighed, feeling suddenly drained. "I'm going to room. Don't bother me."

Annoyed, I started walking up the stairs.

"Hey, you need to stop being such a bitch!" Jeff hollared after me. I stopped, walked down a few staps until I could glare at him from over the banister, and flipped him off. I heard the guys snicker, but I ignored them.

My room was a great escape from the boys, even though Toby shared my room. He kept his room elitively tidy, so It wasn't so bad.

Once I shut my door I turned on my radio and blared it, then sat on my bed and pulled out my laptop. I opened up my word pad and started typing, starting to lose myself in the story. Song after song played and nobody bothered me. Perfect.

Then, about an hour later, I heard a light knock on the door. I turned down the music before getting back on my bed.

"What do you want?!"

"Uh, I-it's me, T-t-toby." A quiet voice replied. I felt a little badly for yelling, since it was just Toby.

"Come in. This is your room, you know." I sighed, leaning back against the wall. (My bed was up against the wall.) Toby walked in, looking shy and meek.

"H-h-hey."

"Hey, Toby. Sorry for yelling."

"I-it's O-okay. Y-you have a r-right." He said. "I-I just c-came to t-take a-a shower."

"Be my guest, you know where the bathroom is." I smiled. He nodded and walked over to the bathroom, shutting the door behind him. I went back to jamming out and typing, not really thinking about the fact that I had a showering guy an arm's length away. (okay, so maybe I was thinking about it a little…but he takes showers all the time. So do I.)

*time skip, 20 mins.*

I was almost drifting off when I heard a loud knocking from the other side of the bathroom door.

"What?" I yelled.

"Uh, C-c-could you d-d-do s-something for m-me?" Toby asked, sounding nervous. MY mind went into overdrive. What did he want?!

"Sure…?"

"C-can you b-bring me a c-clean J-j-jacket? T-there should b-be one o-on my b-bed." I sighed In relief. He just wanted a jacket. I looked over at his bed, and sure enough, there lay a jacket identical to his other one.

"Sure thing, one minute." I replied, getting up and grabbing the jacket. I walked back over to the door and knocked lightly. The door handle turned and opened, revealing a freshly-showered Toby.

Honestly, I had to fight down my blush and fangirl squeal. Toby was H.O.T. His mask was off and he had nothing on besides his pants. His brown hair was damp and hung in strands around his face, and his chest and arms were dotted with steamy beads of water. He was gently biting his lower lip, one hand on the door handle and the other holding a wet towel. It was my turn to stutter.

"H-here." I said, turning away and handing him the jacket.

"t-t-thanks." He replied. I felt him grab the jacket softly, but he didn't let go.

HAHAHAHAHA IT'S TIME FOR YOU, FOLLOWERS, TO DECIDE WHAT HAPPENS NEXT! YES YES, YOU SHALL DECIDE!

In the comments say what you think should happen next. The best situation will win, and be featured in the next chapter! Go on, get to it!

>