

He stirred awake. The blue sky came into view. Gentle clouds drifted overhead, carried by the gentle spring breeze. He was surrounded by tall grass and weeds. He knew this place, the place where he and his master began their journey together.

Fake. Definitely fake.

Last he remembered was leaning against the Earl's squishy shell body before losing consciousness. At least he
thought
he remembered that. It could've been a hallucination, a ploy to get Lavi to talk to the 14th. But this place was peaceful, nothing like the flooding that he thought he saw.

Perhaps he had spilled all his worldly knowledge and died. Perhaps he was still in that illusion. He stared flatly at the sky.
Think of anything
but
what he wants to know.
Last thing the redhead wanted to do was break the one Bookman Code that he
hadn't
broken yet. He'd already done enough, somehow leading Nea to the Hall of Records. How would his master feel if he knew his successor had indirectly caused the loss of history?

Lavi shook his head. He tried thinking of numbers, creating these complex numerical problems in his mind to deter Nea from even bothering. If he could get out of this illusion, perhaps he could still help recover history. He had to live first.

A black eye opened up in the sky, looking around for a moment before disappearing. "There you are. I've finally found you."

He knew that voice. Lavi sat up quickly, staring at the shorter Noah standing in the grass. His white messy hair contrasted his dark grayish brown skin. He had a black and white striped bandanna on his forehead, the tails trailing down his back and billowing slightly in the wind. He looked exactly like Lavi had remembered. "Wisely? Is that really you or are ya some sorta illusion."

"How could you forget a face like this?" Wisely studied the redhead for a moment. "You've been unconscious for a week, little brother. Even Rhode hasn't been able to reach you."

Lavi frowned, running a hand through his hair. This was a dream, the wandering of his unconscious mind? Of course he'd return to a place where everything was peaceful, where everything made sense. "Just what did Nea do to me?" Screwed with Lavi's head and possibly his memories is what he did, but he wasn't sure how to fix it.

"You need to wake up," Wisely stated.

Lavi frowned. Now if he could just will himself awake, that would be easy, but the more he thought about it, the more frustrated he became. He was trapped in his own mind, in a memory from long ago. "That ain't as easy as ya say, yanno. Prob'ly did somethin' t' me with that song'a his."

"Which song?" Wisely asked curiously.

"Can't say I've ever heard it b'fore," Lavi shrugged, pushing himself up to his feet. "Earl never played it, but I heard somethin' really similar when the library burnt down.

"Tyki told me about that one," Wisely noted.

There was a passing thought in the redhead's mind if Tyki actually had
said
it or if Wisely had just pried in his mind. Lavi let the idea go. "Well since I'm pretty sure you're the real deal 'n all, I'll show ya what I remember." Lavi was never one to share his memories. His memories and the records were his alone. But right now, he wanted out of this state. He couldn't record anything if he were stuck unconscious.

Yet since this was the unconscious mind, he let the calming imagery of the field melt away, showing what he had witnessed down to the last minute detail.

Wisely rubbed his head. The Bookman really did remember
everything
. But it wasn't just the detailed memories that bothered him; it was the song. He didn't know the tune, but he knew what it could mean. "I need to remove your memory of this song."

Lavi stared at Wisely, practically appalled. "I don't wanna forget any-"

Wisely cut him off, reaching up and grabbing Lavi's arms, shaking the taller redhead. "Listen to me. You might never wake up. You might die. I want to remove it so you wake up, if it's what I think it is, but I'll leave you with this information in return."

Lavi paused, staring down at the shorter Noah with his one curious, visible green eye. "What sorta information?"

"This information is between you and me, little brother," Wisely replied, "but I heard rumors long ago about songs capable of continuing even after they stopped playing. Deadly ones. Supposedly the Earl destroyed all copies of the scores." If he couldn't trust a Bookman to keep something secret, who could the Noah trust? Lavi was also very important to the family, someone who had become part of the Noah memories and who held their history. He was family and family needed to be protected. "It could be a fragment of one of the songs, or simply a song that is deadly if you remember it."

"A song'a death…." Lavi stared. "But where could he'a gotten somethin' like that? As far as I know, there were originally only 12 apostles, 13 if you count Bondomu as 2. The 14th sorta appeared, but how could he've gotten something unattainable destroyed so long ago? Not that I'm entirely sure
where
the 14th came from in the first place."

"Even I'm not sure where the 14th came from," Wisely frowned.

Something at even had evaded the Noah of Wisdom's watchful eye. Who was Nea really? Where did he get a song of death? Lavi pondered for a moment. It was pretty obvious where one could retrieve lost knowledge, but could that have been his true initiative for tailing Lavi? "Could that be the artifact?"

"Hm?" Wisely stared up at him, clearly paying attention to something else a moment ago.

The redhead shook his head. "Dun matter. Erase the song. I wanna wake up."

Wisely closed his eyes, the three eyes on his forehead now focused on the Bookman. Lavi stared at them curiously. They were really creepy now that he thought about it. He'd seen them cause Kanda to relieve memories, but Lavi had never been on the receiving end of their stares. However he had no reason to mistrust Wisely. He was family, and family always stuck together.

He could feel it, that feeling of something slipping away. He'd never forgotten anything in his life. It felt truly strange to have a slight gap in observations but his conversation with Wisely stuck in his eidetic memory like glue. He had a gap, but there was an explanation of why it was there.

His unconscious form slumped down onto Wisely's projection as he finally opened his eyes. In waking reality. He stared at the ceiling, the words of those gathered around him flowing into his hears clear as day. The smell of fresh flowers filled his nose. He could hear the rain hit the window. He was awake again.

Rhode threw herself on top of him like a child, smelling of candy and fresh nail polish, her sudden jumping startling kitty Lili and causing her to scamper off the bed in a fuss. Rhode had no doubt been consuming cake and sweets out of pure nervousness while unable to wake Lavi. "You're awake! I was afraid we'd lost you!"

Lavi rubbed at his head, for a moment. His mind was still swimming, attempting to record and file away everything he'd witnessed at the plaza and while trapped in his own mind. But it wasn't as though he'd forget the information. He could just deal with it later when his head was clearer.

"All thanks t' Wisely." Lavi turned slightly to the side, enough to see Wisely sitting at a chair near the wall, crosslegged, with his head in his hands. He was much smaller than the previous, perhaps about 15 or so. The appearance he'd taken in Lavi's unconscious mind was perhaps to be familiar to the Bookman, though his real appearance was strikingly similar to his predecessor, just on a smaller scale.

Wisely rubbed at his head some more. "How can you even handle that much clarity in your memories? It's giving me a headache!"

He knew what it was like to not fully understand an eidetic memory. His earliest aliases were utter failures, his attention darting to and fro every place he and his master traveled. He never knew where to look, missing information and over-detailing unimportant things. But by alias 5 or so, he was beginning to understand it. It wasn't something he could exactly describe, it was more something he understood.

Lavi offered him a grin, not really planning on offering him an answer. He'd seen the Bookman's mind. He didn't really need one. "Why don't we get somethin' t' eat? I feel like I haven't eaten in months."

…
.



Author's musings


What happens when the 14th is a douche and traps Lavi in his own mind with what seems to be a song of death? A little Wisely has to come and find him. And then the Bookman gives him a bad headache. Poor kid.

But yes, Wisely is here! He's like a mini Wisely.

>