

Side note: "Talking"
"Navi talking"



-The start of Kirito's new Adventure-

Kirito was in Aincrad exploring floor 20 [Sunshine Forest]. "Man where can it be?" Kirito said wandering the forest.

Kirito was looking for an entrance to a maze that was supposed a quest but no one but him knew about it.

"Hey Yui." Kirito said as Yui came out of his pocket. "Do you know were the entrance to this quest is?"

"Are you really going on this quest with no help papa?" Yui said sitting on Kirito's shoulder.

"Well yeah, I left Asuna a message saying to tell me when she's on. So do you know where the entrance is?"

"Turn left over there." Yui said pointing over to a hollow tree on the floor.

As kirito went into the hollow tree he could hear music coming from the end of the long tree. When Kirito reached to the end he saw three more hollow tree ways.

Kirito tried to pull up his inventory to cheek his map but nothing happend. He tried again, nothing happened. He then asked Yui trying to stay calm "Yui do you know were we are, because I can't check my map or anything."

Yui said "we're in the lost woods and what do you mean you can't check your map."

"I can't even if I try many times or with my other hand. You know what, I'm going back to find out what happened." Kirito said turning to the hollow tree he came from and headed back.

When kirito was going through the tree it felt shorter then before. He made it to the other side but it wasn't Aincrad just a small village in a forest.

"Um... were are we?" Kirito asked still trying to think what was happening. "we're in Kokiri Forest." Yui answered also confused what happened.

"What floor is this?" Kirito asked Yui. "We're not in Aincrad but a place called Hyrule." Yui answered.

After a moment Kirito said "Well come on. We got to find a way back home. We came here because of someone so if we find that someone we can get back home."

Kirito walked a bit then said "Maybe it would be better to find help." So Kirito then walked over to a house on a tree and said "I wounder who lives here."

"It says that this is Link's house." Yui said.

Kirito was confused. He looked at the sigh but he couldn't understand what it said so he said "well I'm sure glad I have you since I can't read this."

Kirito climbed up the ladder then entered the house to find a 10 year old kid, in a green tunic, sleeping.

Kirito was going to wake him up to ask him if he knew someone smart when a blue fairy knocked him onto the ground.

"Papa!" Yui shouted going to see if Kirito was fine but noticed something wrong with him.


"Hey Listen, wake up The Great Deku Tree wants to see you. Hey Listen, wake up."
The fairy said not noticing she knocked kirito onto the floor.

As the boy got up he was surprised to see a fairy in front of his face that he said "Yes I finally got my fairy. In your face Mido. What's your name?"


"My name is Navi. Hey Listen, The
Great Deku Tree wants to see you. Hey listen, lets
go."
Navi said heading to the door.

As the boy got up he stepped on something or someone. He looked down to see a boy about his age under him. He got off the boy and asked "Are you ok?"

The boy got up and asked "Are you link?" "Yes I am." the boy in the green tunic said "Why do you ask?"

"My name's Kirito and I want to ask you something but after I do something else." Kirito said looking over to Navi.

"Why the hell did you knock me to the floor!? At lest you can say sorry." Kirito said while holding Navi.


"Hey Listen, Sorry now let me go!"
Navi said try to brake free of Kirito's clutches.

"Um... papa." Yui said to kirito "You should look in that mirror for a second."

Link noticed Yui and said "Wow Kirito, you got a fairy too. What's her name?"

"My name is Yui." Yui said then went over to Kirito and whispered "Papa you should really check that mirror."

Kirito said "Ok fine." then looked into the mirror only to find he looked like he was 10 years old.

"WHAT HAPPENED TO ME?!" Kirito said shocked about what he found. Link was confused about what happened and asked "what's wrong Kirito?"

Kirito told Link what happened to him and who he was original 16. After all that he asked "So do you know anyone that can help me?"

"Well maybe The Great Deku Tree might know what happened to you. He is wise." Link said.


"Hey Listen, link needs to go to The
Great Deku Tree anyways so we can take you there."

Navi said trying to get Link to The Great Deku Tree as fast as she could.

As link agreed to taking Kirito and Yui to The Great Deku Tree a girl's voice shouted "Link wake up you shouldn't be sleeping."

Link then shouted "I'm not sleeping I'm talking to someone. Be down in a minute."



A/N:
Hey guys hopefully you are liking the story so far. This my first crossover so it maybe a bit terrible but stay with me, it'll get better (I hope).

>