


A/N:
Looks like I got this chapter done with in a month or two well I hope you enjoy.


-To The Forest!-

As Kirito and Link entered the Kokiri Forest they were both greeted by Mido, an unpleasant person to be greeted by.

"Hey Link! What are you doing Here? I thought you guys left and weren't going coming back." Mido said as Kirito and Link tried to ignore him.

"We're here just to see Saria." Kirito said, trying to shut up Mido.

"She's in the Lost Woods." Mido said, actually being helpful "but it's not like you guys can find your way to her."

"We'll manage." Link said as him and Kirito started to head to the Lost Woods.

As they made it into the Lost Woods a flapping noise can be heard.

Kirito was the first to notice the noise and looked up to find an owl flying strait towards him.

"You thought you could kill me!?" The owl said as it started to attack Kirito "and brush it off like it was nothing!?"

Kirito was now fighting back as he noticed where he meet the owl. It was the same owl that he thought he kill so he said "I thought you were DEAD!"

Link was just standing back enjoying the fight as Yui flew over to Link and sat on his shoulder. Link then asked Yui "is he always like this?" Yui answered "if he could do this in SAO he probably would but he can't so he doesn't act like this."

After a while of fighting Kirito looked dead but was just out cold. The owl then flew over to a brach and said "well now that I have killed him I must tell you something Link."

Link stayed quiet and the owl continued talking but for some reason his eyes were wide open.

"In order to find Saria you must follow the music that is pl-" the owl was saying before Kirito got up shouting "You thought I was DEAD!?"

Kirito then threw a Deku Nut at the owl's face, next he shot the owl with the slingshot causing the owl to be knocked out, and finally Kirito then grabbed the owl and threw it in the air and as it was falling down Kirito pulled out his sword and used it like a bat hitting the owl far away as Kirito shouted "go die in a hole you darn owl!"

Kirito then started to wipe off the blood, that was stained on his arm, that was from the owl.

Nobody said anything not even Navi who would probably say 'Hey Listen, stop goofing off and let's get back to the story line' well something along those lines.

After Kirito finished cleaning off the blood he said "well the owl said to find Saria we must follow the music so let's do as he said."

After a while of trying to follow the music they made it they made it to the Sacred Forest Meadows.

As they were walking Kirito said "this place is huge!" After a bit of walking a Wolfos appeared looking ready to attack.

(A wild Wolfos appeared!)

"Kirito, attack!" Link said as he pointed to the Wolfos

(Link sends out Kirito.)

"Got it." Kirito said as he tried to attack the Wolfos with his sword but it jumped out of the way.

(Kirito used Slash, the attack missed!)

After the Wolfos dogged the attack he then attacked Kirito.

(The wild Wolfos used iron claw, it's not very effective.)

After getting hit Kirito attacked the Wolfos with a successful hit.

(Kirito used Slash, it's super effective.)

The Wolfos then died after getting hit by the attack.

(The wild Wolfos fainted, Kirito gained 760exp.)

"I felt like something was going on as I was fighting that thing." Kirito said to Link but Link just shrugged.

Kirito and Link kept walking and went down the path that they thought would obviously lead them to Saria and along the way they killed a few Mad Shrubs.

When they got to the end of the path Saria was there sitting on a stump.

When Saria saw the two the first thing she said "Kirito, don't tell me you ran out of Rupees that fast?"

Kirito began to chuckle and said "no, I still have plenty but Link just wanted to see you."

"That's great." Saria said with a smile "I have a song I want to teach you Link."

Kirito sighed as he sat down and waited for Link to learn yet another song.

After a while of Saria teaching Link the song she said "that song will allow you to talk to me from any place you are."

"So it's like a magic." Link said while Kirito said "love is like magic Link."

This made Link punch Kirito and blush slightly.

Kirito started to laugh a bit and he then said to Saria "well we should be going, Link just wanted to see you before we went back to adventuring."

This made Saria laugh slightly, she then said "well it was nice talking to you guys."

Kirito and Link waved Saria goodbye and left. Before they knew it they were back in Kakariko Village trying to find out what to do next.



A/N:
this may not be the last we hear of that owl. Well that's it for this chapter see you next time.

>