

Tribute to Foundation: A Sequel to the Trilogy

Chapter 1

The Emperor swiveled in his chair, fingers thrumming lightly against each other. He spoke in a gentle, subdued voice to the four people he had called in from all corners of the Empire. The four most capable, most trustworthy people he had ever met.

"Thank you for replying to the summons so quickly. The problem we face is urgent."

He lapsed into a silence. The woman standing farthest to the right coughed politely after a minute or two. The Emperor raised his eyes to her and nodded, then went back to his thoughts. A moment or so later, he reached down and pressed a button on the underside of his desk.

A standard hologram appeared, making a screen between the Emperor and the four summoned. Nidya, the woman who had gently brought the Emperor back to reality, studied it thoughtfully. It was a map of the Second Galactic Empire, a huge expanse of prospering nations united under the worthy ruler in front of her. The image zoomed in quickly until only one planet filled the screen, rotating slowly.

"Libekan." The Emperor's voice spoke clearly, not at all muffled by the projection. "It's a planet in the north-east sector of Dyklon, population 1 million. Two days ago we received a distress signal, which flashed on our receivers for not more than a minute. We haven't heard from the planet since.
"But we have heard from its neighbors. Apparently all forms of communication on the planet have been cut off and no one has entered or left the planet since we got the signal.

"The planet is in trouble. That much is obvious. Not so obvious is what we do about it next. We have no information, no plan. That's why you're here."

The hologram blinked out of existence and once more Nidya could see the Emperor, whose forehead was crinkled with concern. An entire planet, cut off from the Empire? The idea itself was absurd. The Second Empire ruled the galaxy, and those not under its reign had quickly learned not to stand up to its powerful army. Who could have possibly done this, and how were they defying the technology available to the Empire, which because of the Foundation exceeding anything else? And besides this new threat to the peaceful reign under which the galaxy had lived and prospered for a thousand years, what had, or would, become of the 1 million inhabitants on that planet, Dyklon?

After thinking over each problem this conundrum posed, Nidya could only come to one conclusion. Nothing could be done until they knew more about what had happened on Dyklon.

She spoke once more, in a calm, quiet voice. "What would you like us to do?"

At that the Emperor sighed. "You won't like it."

>