

My name is Aurora West Jones, but to be honest, I'd much prefer it if you called me Rory. It's shorter, sweeter and doesn't cast images of a Disney princess waltzing around some strange woods singing to small fluffy creatures. It's not as feminine as Aurora, but it fits; it's me. I always thought in primary school that it was awesome to be named after a Disney princess; I was
envied
by the girls in my class. But then I started puberty and everyone decided that it was the
worst
thing to be named after, and so it was shortened to Rory.

Mum was a bit of a star fanatic, I'd even go so far as
obsessed
. But she is an astrologist, which explains my rather old fashioned and strange name, so who can really blame her?

But I'm getting carried away; Bofur always said that I have a habit for babbling on. In fact he said on more than one occasion that – No, that comes later.

I'll start from the beginning, well, the beginning of what matters. My name is Aurora West Jones, but to be honest, I'd much prefer it if you called me Rory. I suppose, it all started in Scotland with a bit of spring cleaning.


"Muuum!" I shouted from my bedroom, it was January which only meant one thing; Spring cleaning. I know that technically it's still classed as winter seeing as its England, but its tradition; January is a time for new beginnings, and for mum that means completely gutting the whole house and chucking away things that we've hoarded. *
Cough*She's hoarded*Cough*


"What is it? I'm in the middle of demolishing this bloody wardrobe that no-one uses anymore!" She shouted back from the room next-door. I smiled to myself as I turned the old leather-bound book over in my hands, feeling the intricate designs on the cover.

Mum likes to think of herself as a bit of a DIY goddess; she cooks, cleans, builds furniture and demolishes it. Or that's what she likes to think. In reality, she just gets hammer happy to her Ipod each January and finds something to smash to pieces; this year the victim being a lovely vintage wardrobe.

"What's this? It's-"

"I know I
say
I'm Wonder Woman but I can't really see through walls you numpty!" She interrupted after pulling what sounded like one of the doors off. "Describe it."

"Bloody Wonder Woman…" I muttered before raising my voice again, "I was gonna say it's an old book if you would've let me finish!" I laughed as I heard her clambering about, "It's leather-bound and it looks
really
old, like, think Grandma May old." I finished as she burst through the door covered in dust and debris in her hair.

We stared at each other for a moment. Well, more like she stared at the book and I stared at a big piece of wood that was threatening to drop from her dark ponytail any minute. "You know you've got a bit of…" I trailed off while her eyes flickered to mine as I gestured with my hands to her hair. "Nevermind."

"Where did you find that?" She asked quietly, ignoring my statement.

Pointing to my chest of draws I pulled the bottom draw out and gestured, "It was behind there," I paused for a moment as she came and knelt by me, "You would have had a heart attack if you'd have seen the dust that was behind it." I joked with a nervous grin, she seemed distant which for my young bubbly mother was quite unusual. Last time she'd behaved like this was when she'd been told that uncle Jack's cancer had been classed as terminal.

She looked like she'd seen a ghost. With a gentle hand and a dropped smile I gently placed a hand on her shoulder and squeezed, "…Mum?"

"You're father never was very good at drawing you know." She spoke quickly. She must have felt me stiffen since she cast me a sad sideways smile.

I should probably explain. It's always been just me and mum, ever since, well ever since I can remember. There's never been a
father
figure in the picture, and mum has never been keen on talking to me about the subject. When I was young and curious she told me that he lived somewhere very,
very
far away and had to go there to work but would be back soon; she said that he'd promised.

So each year, on January 3rd we drove to Scotland and went to the same tree, at the same time, and left at the same time too; I was 10 when mum stopped going. She said that there was no point anymore, that enough time had passed…I gave up asking about my dad as soon as I was old enough to learn that mum wasn't going to budge on the subject.

She took the book out of my hands and unclasped the ornate buckle that held it closed. Lifting the book to her face she breathed deep before letting her eyes flutter shut. "No, never any good at that." She breathed, "His brother however was quite the talented artist; drew me once or twice." She smiled and pointed to a pencil drawing of a younger, more youthful her.

I'd always known I'd looked like my mother save for a few features that proved that I did indeed have a dad and wasn't just a clone. I didn't realise until then though, just how much.

"He drew your father once or twice, always said he wasn't as pretty to look at though." My gaze fell from the book and found its place on her face. It was strange to hear her talk about it so freely, with her eyes crinkling in the corners as she smiled, she turned the page again. "I have to agree," she laughed lightly to herself, "big, hairy, tattooed and armed to the teeth or a pretty young thing? Not that hard to choose."

"Mum," I voiced seriously, although for some reason it sounded rather lost. "Why are you saying all of this now? You were murdering that wardrobe not 5 minutes ago and now…" I flapped my hands on my thighs, "And now it's like you're ready to tell me everything that I've nagged you about for
years
because of an old
book."


Smiling sadly she placed the book on the floor and stood slowly, holding her hand out for me to take. "How about we take a drive up to Scotland, go visit that old tree that I'm so fond of?"


And that, is how we ended up in Scotland sat beneath an old oak tree with a costa coffee in hand. Or at least I did, mums was abandoned next to her while she stared intensely at her watch. "Three minutes…" She whispered to herself.

"Three minutes till
what?"
I asked exasperated, "Honestly mum we haven't been here in eleven years and now all of a sudden we're here? Why-"

"Rory shut up," Opening my mouth to protest she shoved her glove in it instead, "Just, I love you okay? I always have and always will, and so has your father, I
know
he has." Her voice began to waver as she glanced at her watch again.

"Mum you're scaring me, what's-"

"Whatever you do, don't worry. There's a reason for everything that he does, trust him. And tell him from me that he's in
so
much trouble for being
so bloody late!
" She rushed through her tears, pushing herself to her knees and quickly pecking a loving kiss to my forehead I went to hug her, tell her that whatever is wrong that we'll get through it; together.

But I couldn't. She sounded distant, like I was drowning underwater and she was shouting for me to hear her, but she sounded
so
far away and it felt
so
hard to breathe. I tried calling out, willing for my voice to work, for anything. But all I heard was a piercing scream, and then nothing.


I never appreciated the little things while I had them. Mum's humming while she worked, electricity, make-up;
my laptop.
I don't really remember falling as such, more of a feeling of waking up from a
really
good nap. You know the kind, where you fall asleep for 10 minutes but it feels like you've slept an age? Yeah, it was like that. I was half expecting to see my mum hovering over me with a stark white hospital ceiling in the background. Instead I was met with a dark night sky, and instead of a hospital bed I was lying on dewy grass and mud.

Now, as you you'd expect, I don't really remember much; just a blur. But I do remember thinking how much more beautiful Scotland looked when I woke up, it looked greener and
fresher
despite it being night. Pulling myself to my feet I noticed that I was no longer under an oak tree but on the edge of a little town with quaint round doors and dust paths leading and winding all over the place.

I thought I had landed in Oz.

Or Narnia. But somewhere in between thinking that I was high, dreaming or on an episode of Punked, a ridiculously tall man appeared beside me and smiled at the little town. "Quite the sight," He began before looking down at me, "Don't you agree?"

I looked up at him with confusion, firstly as to why he was so tall, and secondly as to why he was talking to me. "Yes, quite…" I replied quickly, not wanting to seem rude by staring. He nodded in agreement and looked out to the little town again. Scrunching my face up in thought I debated on asking him as to why he was so tall, but decide that perhaps that was a bit too rude.

"Excuse me," I tugged on his robe sleeve slightly to get his attention, "but what town is this? I was sat under an oak tree not 5 minutes ago with my mum and now…And now it's night and there's no tree in sight" I mentally laughed at the little rhyme I'd made, "And…Yeah." I finished lamely, flickering my head around in search of a sign post.
Or a motorway.


He studied my frame for a moment before letting out a thoughtful hum, taking a drag on his pipe. I shifted uncomfortably under his blue gaze and huffed.

"Rory." I blurted out. "Well, really it's Aurora West Jones if you want to get proper about it, but to be honest, I'd much prefer it if you called me Rory." I smiled encouragingly and stuck out my hand for him to shake.

"Gandalf." He grinned as he shook it vigorously.

I nodded happily, "Gandalf." I repeated, "So then Gandizzle where are we? Burside? East Kilbride?
Bothwell?"
I asked as I looked back out at the town. Lights had just begun to appear in the little rows of houses, as if someone was lighting them by hand.

"This is Bag End my dear, in the Shire," I looked up at him puzzled,
Where on earth is the Shire?!
"And I think that you are quite a long ways from home my dear dwarfling."

Great. So how on
earth
did I end up here? Where's mum? And where about in Scotland is the Shire? I've never –
Wait.


I spun on my heel and puffed out my chest, narrowing my eyes at the older man, who's blue eyes were twinkling with delight. I burst. "Did you just call me a
dwarfling?
Did you just call me a
dwarf?!
You're the one who's a bloody
giant
! I'm a respectable 5'6 I'll have you know! Taller than Sarah Stockhanger!" I retorted, shuffling my feet as he let out a hearty laugh.

"It appears that your mother failed to tell you of your heritage," He nodded to himself and looked to a round door upon the tallest hill, "It is decided then, you had better come with me Miss Rory." I heard him mumble as he started walking ahead. "I have no doubt that you will want an explanation." He shouted back over his shoulder.

I stared after him dumbfounded, "What? What's my mum got to do with-
HEY!"
I hurried after him quickly, having to sprint to catch up with the tall man. "You know for an old man you sure do walk fast. Grandpa Rick needed an electric scooter by the time he got to your age, couldn't walk very far you see." I remember when he got that bloody thing. Always in a rush to get places on it, the worst thing mum ever did was attach a little horn to the front of it. He was forever squeaking it at people to move!

Laughing to myself under my breath I bumped into Gandalf as he came to a stop in front of a green door with a brass knob in the centre. Knocking his staff gently against the door, I could hear laughter and shouting from inside.
Someones having a party, didn't peg him as a party animal.


I was so relieved when a normal sized person opened the door. "Gandalf." He spoke quietly as a look of understanding fell upon his face. He was rather cute, in a baby kind of way; you just wanted to pinch his cheeks and give him a sloppy wet kiss on the cheek. A mass of wild, golden curls sat atop his head, and was rather normal looking which I was thankful for. Until that is, you got to his feet.

They were huge. And
hairy.


"Bilbo my dear fellow," Gandalf started as he pushed me through the door. "This here is-"

"Aurora West Jones," I bowed slightly, "But I'd much prefer Rory if you don't mind." I smiled at his confused expression before ducking as a bread roll went whizzing past my head. I looked up hopefully at Gandalf as my stomach started growling. I turned to Bilbo with an apologetic smile who just closed his eyes and pointed. "Just
go."


Smiling and curtsying a little I ran into the adjoining room only to be met with chaos. There were hairy men
everywhere
. I momentarily forgot about my stomach and marvelled at their long extravagant hair and beards, and their
braids.



I wish I could braid my hair that well.
I sulked as I sat down in an empty seat before plucking a piece of buttered bread off the table. Thirteen men, I counted, all of whom were too busy stuffing their faces and drinking to notice that I'd even sat down amongst them.

"Do you want a drink? There you go." A blond haired man spoke deeply as he walked across the table handing out pints to whoever took them. He took a seat on the other side of the table next to another young, dark haired man who shouted something that sounded German. Before I knew it they had all started downing their drinks.
Eww,
I thought as the drink began to spill down their fronts and into their beards.

An enormous burp bellowed out from a young lad that looked so sweet and doe eyed, it was award worthy really. Clapping my hands together a snort and a loud laugh escaped through my lips at the antics of the men around me.

Silence fell around the room as thirteen pairs of eyes fell on me, I shifted in my seat and looked at the plate in front of me. I'd mounded up potatoes, bread and anything that didn't look like it had been trodden on.

Feeling a blush creep on my cheeks I let out a nervous laughter and shrugged, "Hey I'm hungry and I like food."

"Ahh master dwarves, I see you have met Miss Aurora." Gandalf broke the silence from the doorway; he was leaning against it with a teacup in one hand and staff in the other looking quite pleased with the awkward atmosphere that had appeared.

"It's just Rory, really." I started shyly, "But if you want to get proper about it then it's Aurora West Jones. But I'd rather just Rory really." I smiled at them all in turn, I looked them all in the eyes in turn hoping to not look like a scared little girl. My eyes flickered back over to blondey for a moment or two.
Swikity swoo who are
you
?


His long fair hair hung around his shoulders like a mane, while he adorned a smaller moustache that looked to be braided instead of a beard. He had green eyes and just looked
nice
really. Really,
really
nice.

"Jones?" Spoke a mean looking dwarf from opposite me, he had a full head of hair, apart from on top where there were tattoos instead.

"Yes?" I squeaked out as I watch him stand and squint at me, looking between me and Gandalf. The older, slightly shorter looking version of him shifted in his seat beside me. Thankfully, he didn't look quite as menacing. Honestly, he looked anything
but.
Santa Claus sprung to mind.

"Brother I know what you are thinking. It has been 21 years since…" The bald man looked at the older one dangerously, "The accident." He spoke carefully. "It is entirely possible that-"

"No possibility about it, Balin." Gandalf spoke, commanding the attention of everyone in the room. "This is most definitely Moira's daughter." My ears pricked up as I stopped swinging my legs nervously under my chair.

"How do you know my mum?" He looked at me and smiled slightly before looking to the bald dwarf again. He ignored me and continued to look on at the man. Chancing a glance at everyone else I saw that they were too busy looking between scary-dwarf and me. I looked on confused as understanding seemed to be working its way across the faces of each dwarf in turn.

"I do believe that your mother gave you a message, did she not?" Gandalf spoke without taking his eyes off of baldy.
Message?
What had she been saying before I woke up here? Everything she said sounded so muffled...I caught the eyes of Balin next to me. Smiling gently his eyes softened as tears started appearing in his eyes.

"Yes." I said quickly, turning away and looking back at Gandalf, afraid that I'd upset or offended the older dwarf somehow. "Although it wasn't a message as such, since I have
no
idea who I'm meant to be telling-"

"You do have a habit of babbling, don't ya lass?" A dwarf with a funny hat and a kind face said quickly. Stopping and nodding my head with a shrug of my shoulders in defeat, Gandalf grew impatient.

"Yes thank you for the obvious, Bofur." He chided, "You were saying?"

Bofur looked a little put out, so I smiled at him gently which he returned thankfully. "Right!" I started again, "She said 'tell him from me that he's in
so
much trouble for being
so bloody late!'"
I mimicked my mother as best as I could, which earned a few chuckles and a breath of a laugh and a hint of a smile from baldy. The sound caught my ears.

He looked broken, but so whole at the same time. I can't quite explain it, it was like he'd just discovered the answer to whatever he'd been asking for so long. And worryingly he was looking at me. He smiled slightly when I met his eyes, before walking quickly out of the room.

"Dwalin!" Shouted Balin from beside me, who made to get up and followed who I deduced was his brother by their similar names.

Eyes turned to Gandalf and me. "Well, that was awkward" I muttered. "I know Dwalin and Balin then. Shall we play introductions?" I asked bravely, smiling awkwardly.
Please let this be a little bit easier
.
Please.




Well. There we go! Okay, so firstly HI! I hope you enjoyed it, if you want to click that little button and leave me a review then please do. I really, really appreciate it! I just want to make it clear that I know that dwarven women are meant to be quite manly, hairy and deep voiced, but since her mum is human I figured that it would weigh itself out. Although she IS stockier, thicker hair, slightly bigger ears and A LOT shorter.



This is basically her recounting her story, so I hope it flows okay in some places where it jumps from narration to being


in


the story, if you know what I mean?



I hope I managed to get their personalities right, if not then I am still working on finding them, don't worry!



Next chapter things will really get going!


>