

Please review. This is My FIRST Fan fiction. Don't hate if it sucks.

Disclaimer: I don't own Fossil Fighters, or Fossil Fighters Champions. I'm only using the Vivosaurs.

Fossil Fighters: Diggers Mania

BY: Drybones54

Episode 1: All what begins…

We look down in the United States with our hero. He lives in a small house in the middle of Kentucky. His name is Jayden Tsokani. He is home schooled because they don't live by a school. They know the sites, but that was it. Jayden had no friends, so he felt alone. Not when he was in his tree house though. When he's there, he's in his own little world. One where Dinosaurs exist. His favorite? His own made one. Garhartosaurus. That was his all time favorite dino. He acted like it, he dressed like it, even eats like him. He was so excited to be in his tree house he peed himself. He's 12 now, so he doesn't pee himself anymore. He is turning 13 today, and coincidentally, he gets a letter.


Jayden Tsokani,



Please forgive the late delivery. We have seen your passion for dinosaurs. We invite you only to go to Vivosaur Island, where this land is full of fossilized dinosaurs. You dig them up, clean them off, and revive them. You must send this card back with your answer. We will see you in 4 weeks. We will send a client to get your answer. He'll be here in 1 day. Thank you for your cooperation.



Dr. Diggens


Jayden was very confused about this kind of note. He decided to go there. But he would have to do it being unseen. He checked off Yes, then put it back in the envelope. He sealed it, then put it in his mailbox again. His birthday was spectacular. The next day, he looked in the mailbox and found some new mail. It was addressed to him, so he opened it.


Jayden Tsokani,



Thank you. We have arranged a flight schedule for 2 days from now. Please, have a nice day.



Dr. Diggens


Jayden couldn't wait to get to Vivosaur Island. He was jumping up and down, and shouting really loudly.

"Jayden, shut up! We need our sleep too, you know." his mom was shouting at him from her room. She was in there trying to get he beauty sleep for tomorrow. She has work that day. So, his ride comes there, and he's off...

>