

"Elsa struck me with her ice powers," Anna said, shivering in Hans' arms.

"You said she'd never hurt you!"

"I was wrong," Anna might have cried, if she'd had the strength. She just continued shivering as Hans set her down on the couch.

"She…she froze my heart. And only an act of true love can save me—"

"A true love's kiss…" Hans answered, finally understanding. When Anna nodded weakly, Hans didn't waste any time. He put his hand on her cheek, leaning in slowly and gently. With a smile, he pressed his lips against hers passionately. Hans poured everything he could into the kiss, closing his eyes and caressing her cheek with his thumb. They broke apart after a few moments.

Anna waited for the warmth to spread through her body; for Elsa's magic to wash away. Staring into her fiance's eyes, she wanted to believe it had worked. But she shuddered again, violently.

"Hans…" Anna said, "I…I don't think it worked."

"What? No!" Hans kissed her again, more urgently this time. Still nothing happened. The prince kept kissing her, finally stopping when he ran out of breath.

"I don't understand," Hans said, "Why isn't it working?"

"Kristoff was right," Anna whispered.

"Anna, what do you mean?"

"This isn't true love," Anna said. "That's why it didn't work."

Hans got up. He looked at Anna, horrified, like she had just slapped in the face. "Anna, you know that isn't true. I
love
you. I asked you to marry me!"

"Hans, we got engaged a few hours after we met. You barely know anything about me!"

"I know plenty of things about you."

"You don't. Like…what's my favorite food?" Anna spoke faster, panic overtaking her, repeating Kristoff's words. "Or my last name? Or my eye color? You don't even know my shoe size—"

"Shoe size doesn't matter!" Hans said, after turning red and sputtering for a few moments.

Anna paused. She tried to laugh weakly, remembering how she had given that exact same answer to Kristoff, only for it to turn into a vicious cough. Hans' shoulders slumped. He put his head in his hands, looking like he was about to sob—but then he looked back up.

"Your sister," he said coldly, "Will
not
get away with this," he pulled his sword out of his belt, leaving the room.

"Hans, wait!" Anna shouted (though in her condition, it was barely audible) and tried to follow, only for her to collapse immediately. Using all of her remaining strength, the princess lifted herself up off the floor and limped after him, hoping she could somehow get to him before it was too late.


It seemed like she had been outside a lifetime ago, even though it couldn't have been more than a day.

At least Anna thought so. Honestly she had lost track of time. She remembered struggling through the blizzard to find Elsa…jumping in the way of the sword when she saw Hans about to strike her…and then everything went black. When she woke up Elsa's arms were wrapped around her as she sobbed, and after Anna realized she was healed, everything worked itself out from there.

Since then she had been taken to her bedroom, following Elsa's orders not to leave the room and its fire. After all, just because Anna didn't freeze from Elsa's magic, didn't mean that walking around in the blizzard hadn't given her hypothermia anyway. Anna knew that she was in no condition to walk around yet, but still, she'd been locked up in that castle for 18 years; she did not appreciate being told she couldn't even leave her room now that the gates had finally been open.

There was a knock on the door. "Come in," she said. She expected her sister perhaps, or a servant coming to add extra logs to the fire.

What she didn't expect to see was Hans. He walked in, hands clasped in front of him, smiling sheepishly.

"…Hello, Anna," he said. Anna stared at him, wide-eyed.

"Hello?" she said, unsure of what she should say. It seemed that the prince didn't either, because they both stayed in silence for a few moments before Hans cleared his throat.

"I talked to your sister," he said. "She gave me permission to see you—I apologized for what I did of course."

"Oh." For once Anna was at a loss for words. She remembered, only a few days ago, when she talked to him for hours and never ran out of anything to say—now she didn't even know where to start.

"Elsa is wonderful," he said, struggling to think of something to say. "I couldn't believe she forgave me, but she said she understood. You know, that I did for you." He walked over to Anna's bed, where she was sitting wrapped in a blanket, and sat down. He left a foot of space in between them.

"I suppose," He said, "We
would
get along better when I'm not chasing her with a sword."

He chuckled but his laughter trailed off awkwardly when he realized Anna wasn't laughing.

"Well, I'm definitely, uh, doing better," Anna answered.

"Listen, Anna…" Hans rubbed the back of his head, not looking her in the eyes. "I wanted to tell you I was sorry. For everything."

"Hans, if Elsa forgave you—"

"I've been thinking about what you said, about us getting engaged too quickly," he continued. "Well, when I met you, I told you about my twelve brothers. I'd been living in their shadows my entire life—and some of them didn't even act like I existed." He cleared his throat. "I think that was why I asked you to marry me so quickly. My entire life I've wanted to get out from under their shadow and live my own life. So when I met you, and we had such a great time together—I jumped at the chance."

He slowly got back up. "I also wanted to say goodbye; I'll be going back to my homeland tonight. I thought after everything that happened...it was best I should just go."

"Hans, wait!" Anna grabbed him by the wrist as he turned to go toward the door. He looked shocked for a moment, looking down at Anna's face, which was contorted in an expression of grim determination. He knew at that moment, whether he liked it or not, he wasn't leaving her room just yet.

"Hans, I don't want you to leave," Anna said. "I mean, I know how it feels to feel desperate for something in your life to change. I mean, I
did
say yes."

"I still almost killed your sister," he pointed out.

"Well, yeah," Anna admitted, rubbing her shoulder and looking at him out of the corner of her eye, "But you only did it because you thought she killed me. And Elsa let you come see me, didn't she?"

"Well…actually, she said if I tried anything while I was here, she'd know and she would turn me into an icicle," Hans admitted, looking at the door nervously. "So we aren't exactly on great terms either."


That's why he seemed so eager to leave
, Anna thought. She didn't blame him, considering she had almost been turned into one by Elsa herself.

She looked at him. His auburn hair, his green eyes (they were
green
; Anna had to make sure she remembered) and his smile, which now was sad. It was true, things changed since they met, but he still looked
gorgeous
.

"Can I just say something crazy?" Anna finally said. She didn't wait for him to answer. "I want you to stay."

"But Anna, you said we don't even—"

"I'm not saying get married," Anna answered hurriedly, "But, even if we're not in love, we like each other right? I-I mean, I still do like you Hans." She blushed, her cheeks turning crimson.

Hans' eyes widened. She could he was trying to stop himself from doing it, but he ended up grinning stupidly. "Of course! I was thinking that too. I
do
want to know more about you Anna. What is your favorite food?"

"What's yours?"

They both looked away for a moment before answering in unison, "Chocolate!"

Hans started laughing, and unlike before, Anna joined in. She threw her hands in the air as she laughed, accidentally hitting him in the face. She apologized quickly, only for them both to start laughing again, Hans putting an arm around her.

It was true they barely knew anything about each other. Yet.

But that didn't mean they didn't have chemistry, right?

>