


Author's Note: So this is it guys. The final installment of the story; so, I just want to thank every single one of you who enjoyed it! Two things. One: Like I said before, tell me which chapter was your favorite/least favorite and why! I'd love to know.


"Isn't he beautiful, Kristoff?" Elsa asked, cradling the baby in her arms. Kristoff, who was sitting on a chair near the baby's crib, nodded.

"He is," Kristoff answered. "I'm glad Anna and Hans finally trusted us to look after him."

Elsa smiled, swaying him gently. "I know. They really needed some time to themselves, didn't they? Though I can't blame them for not wanting to leave Adam…"

It had been a difficult two years for Hans and Anna. Just like they were quick to want to get married, they quick in deciding they wanted to start a family. When after almost a year nothing happened, the two had grown concerned. After months of consulting physicians, and even at one point a magic potion Kristoff had given them from the trolls (which tasted like dirt and moss, and all it seemed to succeed in doing was making Anna feel sick) they had finally gotten pregnant, and given birth to their son Adam a month ago.

Of course, after all the effort it had taken to have him, Anna hadn't wanted to leave. Even today, when she finally decided she needed to take a day off, it had taken her almost half an hour of tearfully kissing her son and cradling him before she was finally able to hand him to Elsa.

Kristoff got up, walking over to the queen and putting a hand on her shoulder. "Yeah...can I hold him?"

She looked at her nephew's sleeping face for a moment, before reluctantly saying "Okay, you can for a moment."

Kristoff accepted the small bundle, and Elsa was pleased to see that he was treating Adam delicately. He stirred in his sleep, blinking sleepily and opening his large, green eyes.

"I think he's going to be more like Anna." Kristoff said, as Adam began reaching out his chubby arms and feeling his face. "Has her freckles too," he finished with a nasally voice, as Adam had at this point grabbed Kristoff's nose and began squeezing it, gurgling happily.

"Kristoff!" Elsa chided, "Don't let him do that. Now he'll think it's okay to do with everyone."

"Elsa, he's a baby, not a puppy," Kristoff said, rolling his eyes. "You don't train babies."

"Still…"

"And if he is more like Anna, who says he'll listen?" he asked. Elsa smiled.

"I guess that's true." Elsa said, smiling softly. She looked at Kristoff, crossing her arms in front of her; she seemed to be lost in thought, gazing at the wall.

"Thinking about something?" Kristoff asked gently.

"What…? Oh, not really. Just…"

"Does it have anything to do with us?" Kristoff asked. Elsa tensed.

"I need to get a clean blanket for Adam," Elsa said, walking past Kristoff and to the cupboard on the wall. "Kristoff, you should probably set him down in his crib. Anna told us he takes his nap now."

Kristoff still pressed the issue. "Elsa, you know, someone asked me in the market the other day," he placed Adam in the crib. "If it was true that I and the Queen of Arendelle were 'living in sin'."

Elsa gasped. "The nerve! What did you say?"

"Well, I said 'I wish, but no'." he answered, laughing.

Elsa paused from her task of unfolding the blanket she had found to glare at him. "Kristoff!"

"I know, I know that wasn't
proper
for me to say," he said, putting his hands up. "But, you know when you've been with someone for two years; you could see why people would ask that, right?"

Elsa sighed. She walked to the crib herself, carefully tucking Adam in. "Kristoff, is there a reason you're telling me this?" she asked.

"…Yes," Kristoff admitted. "Elsa, do you love me?"

Elsa looked at him with surprise. Kristoff wasn't exactly the romantic type; she certainly couldn't remember him ever asking that before.

"Of course I do, Kristoff," she said softly. She turned to face him, her hands resting at his waist. "How could you ask me that?"

"I don't know," Kristoff answered, maybe because you said no?"

"Kristoff, I didn't say
no
, I just—"

"Said you needed time to think about it," Kristoff answered. "I know. But why do you need to think? I just…" he took a deep breath. He settled his hands on the ones around his waist.

"I just want to marry you, Elsa," Kristoff finished lamely. "I really, really do. Is there something wrong with me?"

"No Kristoff, of course not!" Elsa flinched, darting her eyes toward the crib. Adam, luckily, hadn't woken up.

"There's nothing wrong with you," she said again in a whisper. "It's me."

"You?" Kristoff lifted his hands, holding her face. "Elsa, how could there be anything wrong with you? You're perfect. I promise." He kissed her. "What makes you think that?"

"It's just…oh, how do I explain it? With a marriage…come…children Kristoff," Elsa finally finished.

"Why is that a bad thing?…Oh," Kristoff paused. "You're afraid they'll have your powers, aren't you?"

Elsa seemed to shudder. "Y-yes; and I feel horrible about doing this to you, Kristoff. You deserve a wife. But if we get married…I can't just…not do anything with you." She blushed deeply. "But I can't stand the thought of a child having my powers Kristoff; it would be
cruel
. I couldn't knowingly give a child this burden."

Kristoff held Elsa close; he rubbed her back in small circles, trying to calm her, as she was growing increasingly upset.

"You know I love you, Kristoff," she kept saying, "Please don't think that I don't."

"Hey, listen, calm down, alright?" Kristoff said soothingly. "I know you do, I'm sorry I said that. But listen; it would be different with us. I know it would. Because you know how we can control our powers now, right?"

"That doesn't mean it's not a
curse
."

"It isn't a curse," Kristoff said adamantly. "It's a gift, when you use the way you do. Look at what you've done; you make ice in the summer for people to use, you make art, you even make ice skating rinks for children, Elsa."

Her breathing became more even.

"We know how to control your powers," Kristoff said again. "Love, remember?"

Elsa nodded.

"We won't make the same mistakes that your parents did. We'll be prepared."

For a moment Elsa said nothing. "...They would be able to go outside." She said softly.

"Absolutely!" Kristoff agreed. Elsa uncoiled her hands from Kristoff's waist, stepping back toward the crib. She looked down at the sleeping child inside, smiling wistfully.

"It's very nice watching him," she said, "But I can't wait for Anna and Hans to get back. I need to get some rest; we're going to have a long day tomorrow."

Kristoff put his arms around from behind, kissing her cheek. "What do you mean?"

"Well, for instance," Elsa said, turning and wrapping her arms around his neck. "We have a wedding to start planning."

>