


because:
once upon a time, i thought i actually had the time management skills to pull off eremika week. (turns out i didn't.) however, i do have the capacity for sporadically updated vignette collections.


disclaimer:
all i own is a fancy new wrist brace and a whole lotta coffee.


thanks:
to giselle, as always, even though this took me way too long to put up.


"Do you remember," Mikasa began one winter rest day, dark hair spilling across Eren's sheets. "The snow when we were little?"

Kiss-swollen lips pulled into a soft smile at her own imagery, and Eren tugged her tighter against his chest, nostalgia washing over him to mix with her light scent. Childhood snow wasn't just something you
forgot
; it was hours of play, of exaltation and warm, flat light. Unable to properly put all that into words, (not this early in the morning. And definitely not with her curled against his chest,) the shifter boy spoke-

"Yeah, and we'd play outside until the very last second of daylight."

" 'Til your mother would have to drag us inside."

"Then first thing the next morning we'd rush back out as soon as it was light."

"And the whole cycle would start over again!"

Grinning, the dark girl hid her face against Eren's bare shoulder, mirth tapering off into silence as his hands traversed her back, memories wrapping around him like a second skin. Breath rushed out of him as if he'd been punched— struck in the proverbial diaphragm by memories of his mother. Memories of flat light days filled with cold play and the promise of warm tea once they were done…

Ever perceptive, Mikasa noted this shift in mood and responded accordingly, soft lips pressing against the top of his bicep before moving upwards. Eren sighed and ran his hand up and into her hair, gently combing through dark locks as she lingered over his pulse point, thin arms coming up to circle around his shoulders.

"And look at us now," she purred into his ear, one thin leg slinking up over his hip. "Wasting a perfectly snowy day in bed." Said bedfellow grinned and turned his head to capture her lips in a warm kiss, muscles lazily flexing as he rolled the pair over.

"Well I wouldn't call it wasted." Eren husked as his weight came to rest in the cradle of her hips. A light laugh, and Mikasa pulled him in for a kiss, breath meshing as one strong hand tilted her head back, kiss turning hot as calloused fingers tangled in her hair.

"Ah-" she sighed as she was pressed into the bed, sword-calloused hands pulling her lover more firmly against her as his kisses roamed lower, retracing patterns from the night before.

"No, I wouldn't call it wasted at all," Eren murmured against her skin with a crooked grin.

>