

well: every one loves titan eren as much as i do and that brings me so much joy

bruh: you can (and should) send prompts to my tumblr
hyperphonic


"You did so great,"

Mikasa smiled, two calloused hands coming up to lay on either side of Eren's nose. The battered 15 meter gave a warm, gust exhale and leant into her touch. They stood in the wreckage of a battlefield, blood slowly evaporating out of the grass, and bodies laying mangled all around them. From the height Eren had her help at, tenderly cupped between his palms, it all seemed so far away, the sound of the corps picking themselves up from the blood and the dirt (
again
) hardly registering in her ears.

Green eyes blinked slowly, and Eren bent his head to bump his nose against her stomach, a warm rumble building in his chest when Mikasa gave a tired laugh and did her best to hug him. She couldn't believe they were alive, couldn't believe they'd made it, that the sun was about to rise and
for once
it didn't bring the cold terror of giant footsteps. There was only Eren, holding her close and tickling her with his heavy fringe of hair as he laved affection on her, and Annie, broken on the ground with Armin holding her slowly warming hands.

She was alive, and so was he, the hot breath blowing her hair back a tangible reminder of the life in their chests.

"I love you," she smiled, and the rumble Eren emitted in return was so low and so warm the horses whinnied and cantered in return.

Still almost-purring, Eren bent to set her down, nuzzling her one final time before straightening up and taking a few steps back. MIkasa readied her blades, and shot a stare towards Armin, who nodded as Eren began to revert.
If it fails, cut him out,
Levi's voice rang through her head,
rather he lose limbs than his humanity.


But there was no need for silver blades as the sun broke, and Eren's titan form crumpled to the ground, steam rushing out with such force that the grass bent back. The last Ackerman was running even before the wave of moisture hit her, hair dewy and muddied pants clinging uncomfortably to her legs by the time she'd pulled up to the carcass.

"Eren," she breathed, grappling up and onto the mountain of flesh, aware of how little time she had before the entire structure crumbled beneath them. Her lover's body rose out of the expanse like one of the old obelisks they'd found in the forest of giant trees, head bent, back to her, blood evaporating off of his skin and the fibers of his shirt. Hands steady (but heart racing) the dark girl set about pulling him free, straining against the smooth muscle that held him in place. But before she could call for help, could verbalize the panic building in her chest as she watched the disintegration work it's way up the titan's legs, and failed again and again to free Eren from it's grip, Armin was there.

"It's ok," his voice was calm and cool as the small blade he held in his hand. The blond set about cutting their friend free, and Mikasa couldn't help but marvel at him as the adrenaline burned out of her veins. It wasn't so long ago that he'd held one of those very same blades in his hand with the intent to end his own life.

They'd all come so far, all denied death so many times.

And as Mikasa scrabbled down from the shoulder girdle, she felt lighter than ever before knowing that they'd made it, they'd seen the dawn, and next they'd see the ocean.

>