

Nico's P.O.V

Nico was sitting quietly under a poplar in the feels of Asphodel. It was small, only five acres of the huge underworld kingdom, but it was his.

His father wanted to see if Nico could handle a part alone, even though there wasn't much to control it had ultimately thrived. His hands where behind his head and He leaned against the tree peacefully.

Do not take that for ignorance.

"Your late" he spoke not even opening his eyes as the stranger stepped into the clearing. The man was his age and chuckled softly. "Sorry, you know, paperwork" they both snorted in unison.

"Like the back of my hand. I had a thousand pages today in type eight font!" The man cringed "Dude that blows, sorry." He shrugged and finally opened his eyes to face the not so stranger.

"It's not your fault, unless you caused it?" Nico narrowed his eyes, the man shook his head "Hey I have no way of knowing which Parthenon they'd go to. I don't want any more work thank you very much" Nico smirked.

"Alright Anubis, I get it. We both hate paperwork " so now we have a name. Anubis, Egyptian god of funerals.

"At least your boss isn't your father, cause they can yell at you with the potential threat of disowning you all at the same time!" Nico said with mock excitement.

Anubis chuckled "And Amen to that my friend" he said as he sat down across from Nico. "I wonder what they'd do if they found out we where talking to each other?" Anubis pondered.

Nico shrugged. "There really isn't any choice, they want the worlds separate for now, which means there has to be ambassadors of we don't want a mess. Say a demigod gets curious and they pass the border to Brooklyn, or an Egyptian finds a need to go to Manhattan? Someone needs to be able to make sure they don't see anything they're not supposed to."

Nico said this with a political air, one that was only gained through experience or arrogance, and Nico Di' Angelo wasn't the type to bathe in self glory.

Anubis nodded "Yeah I mean they're all clear-sighted, a satyr might take an Egyptian thinking they're a godling, bring them to camp. Then we're all screwed." the boys talked with ease, as if they'd known each other for years, in retro speck they have.

Anubis looked at his watch. "I have to go soon, godly duties and all that, which reminds me,
when
is your father going to promote you already! It's getting ridicules." Nico raised a brow.

"You want to go up to him and tell him that? because right now there's a glitch from the wizards and Persephone isn't here.".

Anubis narrowed his eyes "What have our-" he started hostilely before Nico cut him off. "British wizards, Hecate's little 'pet' world as they're known. They cause a lot of problems. So many ghosts! I have permission papers each day to sign and I find some don't even have a real reason!" Nico steamed.

"I mean seriously, there's some I understand a bit Professor Binns and the bloody baron and what not. But I don't want a bigger kingdom to control, my subjects should be few." Anubis looked confused.

"And get this, some don't even ask! They just stay there, without my permission!" Nico was yelling now a vain popping out on the side of his head.

"What ever are you talking about?" Anubis asked. Nico stopped his rant. "You didn't know? Father's given me a whole bunch of titles and responsibility's. My full title is Nico Di Angelo, Reaper of souls, Ghost King, Prince of Shadows, the vengeful one, and more I can't remember." He scratched the back of his neck awkwardly.

Anubis clapped him on the back "Good on ya! That's great Nico, really fantastic!" Nico beamed with pride "Thanks" he said softly.

Anubis stood, "I'm afraid the celebrating will have to wait, god do you know the last time any mortal thing got me drunk I accidentally broke the nose of the Sphinx? I didn't mean to honestly" he said the last part quickly.

Then he sighed, "Now it takes really strong stuff. And lots off it, swear to the gods partying isn't fun unless you break something or get drunk. It's a rule." Nico rolled his eyes.

"You sure you're not actually Seventeen Anubis?" The age that he currently appeared was Nico's age. Anubis rolled his eyes in return

"ha, ha, ha." Nico smiled "You know, I lived in a casino for sixty years?" Anubis looked shocked, "Dude, that's awesome!"

Nico's twenty-first century slang had rubbed off on him, apparently he slipped in front of Osiris once, whoops.

"Don't play poker or, you know just don't gamble with me. You'll loose." Anubis threw back his head and laughed. "I'll keep that in mind".

He turned to leave "Anubis!" Nico shouted out as a second thought when he was walking away "Yeah?" he asked. "Next time we'll celebrate, the wizards have this wonderful thing called Firewhiskey" Nico grinned wolfishly while Anubis smirked.

"I can't wait"

This is a two shot I'm writing that I just got a weird idea for, I don't know. Maybe I'll make it longer if people read it

>