

Third Person P.O.V

There are three places to start with, three the son of Hades has gotten close to, three to unite.

In Camp Half Blood there was a meeting about Reconstruction of the camp after the titan war, as people banged on the ping-pong table and threw balls of paper at each other they all disappeared. This includes,

Percy Jackson and Annabeth Chase

Travis Stoll and Katie Gardner

Connor Stoll

Grover Underwood and Juniper

Clarisse La'Ru and Chris Rodriguiz

Thalia Grace

Will Solace.

In another place faraway a Roman senate meeting was taking place, also discussing there recent war. From there ranks disappeared

Jason Grace and Piper Mclean (Idk. Pretend)

Reyna Avila Ramirez -Arellano

Hazel Levesque and Frank Zhang

Also from New York, a group of magicians were feeding flaming chunks of wax to an albino crocodile in their pool. From their group

Sadie Kane

Carter Kane

Zia Rashid

Jaz Anderson

and Walt Stone

also vanished.

Now to the last part of our group to disappear was a very shocked son of Hades, minding his own business in the land of the dead.

And that is how the story starts.

Sadies P.O.V

Have I ever told you that bright white flash's were irritating? Well if I havn't, they are. I was just about to beat Carter in our little competition regarding our adorable albino crocodile, don't ask, when I was completely blinded.

It probably ruined my shot. I was prepared to yell at Carter for cheating to impress his girlfriend,(Shut up Carter you totally would have) but as I opened my eyes something told me it wasn't Carter.

I looked around and found I was one of a huge group of people in a bare whit room with no doors or windows. Iris was having a major cow in my head, yelling about some trashy goddess daring to call upon her follower.

I tried to shut her out as I noticed every one in this room was heavily armed, and took a defensive stance. Quickly everyone in the room had separated into three groups, weapons pointing at another.

There was the sound of laughing and I could of sworn one of the groups groan, "Come out and tell us what ever ridiculous plan you have this time!" Shouted a guy from group B with raven hair and sea green eyes.

Suddenly there was a woman in the middle of the room, she looked like an idiot.

She stood there in ancient Greek cloths with this weird type of glow around her, group C. hissed and shied away while group B. just glared at her.

"Well Perseus Jackson, I see your death wish is still in place" she sniffed haughtily. (Yes Carter, I know big words, get over it.)

The kid with the unfortunate name scoffed, "I have the wish to be left alone. Looks like neither of us are very good at trying to make dreams come true" he smirked and I decided I liked this kid.

"Imbecile"A blonde muttered next to him affectionately. "Will you be so confident when you see my bargaining ticket" She smiled like with an evil glee. The kind phsyco killers have.

He froze and narrowed his eyes at her, "What in Hades are you playing at?" He snarled and she laughed frostily again, "Ironic choice of words, demigod" she spat out the last word and I noticed Carter freeze next to me.

He turned to me, I could see the gears in his head turning a mile a minute. "Those kids are extremely dangerous. They're literally the children of the gods" He hissed frantically.

We all turned aggressively towards them again. "You have no power to us!" Shouted a black haired girl from group C. The woman shook with rage.

"YOU INSOLENT GIRL! I happen to have someone very important to all of you." she smirked and snapped her fingers. Suddenly she was gone, a note drifting to the floor were she once stood.

The blonde slowly put down her dagger and held her hands up. She walked forward, stepping lightly. I couldn't take it anymore "NO ONE BLOODY CARES! APPARENTLY SOMEONE WE KNOW IS KIDNAPPED JUST READ THE NOTE!" Every one turned to stare at me.

"Problem?" I sneered. The girl smiled, "Not at all" with that she moved quickly to the note and picked it up before reading over it. "Oh my gods." a hand flew to her mouth.

"Annabeth, whats wrong, who is it?" A girl with spiky black hair and a weird silver circle in her hair stepped forward. "Oh, Percy" 'Percy' froze, "Who is it" he spoke darkly, and I could see pain coursing through his eyes.

"Read it out loud" A blonde from C reasoned. She nodded,

"Dear Godly Children,

as the goddess of marriage I believe bonds make us stronger. Today I have brought you here to bond three civilizations together, Roman" C stood tall and proud, while B growled in their direction. The blonde was trying to not to make a disgusted face.

"Greeks" She smirked and Greeks cheered, than she looked over at us. "And from the house of life, the most rebellious Egyptians." we smirked, the Greeks nodded in appreciation and the Romans looked down there noses, well two of them did, the other three just looked uncomfortable.

"You have all gone through terrible hard ships." She wasn't even looking at the paper, it was like she had memorized the whole thing. "And are all cursed because of your godly connections" Every one was silent at this.

"I wish for you to get along" cue tons of scoffing, though it was basically absent in our group despite Carter who was pretentious. (Yeah yeah history, Greeks, Romans, we get it Carter).

"To make sure this happens I have token a person you all know, and either love, respect, or at the very least acknowledge" I was getting a very bad feeling about all this.

"Most of you have not seen him recently, excluding the magicians" We all smirked, well at least I did. But it melted of my face when I realized the person kidnapped was someone I had seen recently.

"Due to certain circumstances he now appears older then you probably remember. Though that doesn't mean he's changed at all" No the Greeks and Romans were looking confused.

"Though depending on my power, or the persons irritation with trying to be summoned, you may be joined by another." That almost sealed the deal for my guess.

"The person I have taken until you all become friends at the very least" She blinked back tears. "Is Nico Di'Angelo" The whole room gasped, except me, I just sat there thinking of my sarcastic, dark, and blunt friend.

There was a flash and everyone who had dealt with a god before covered there eyes, but to our surprise (Well the Egyptian at least) There wasn't an angry Anubis. Floating on his back was a passed out Nico Di'Angelo.

A girl from the Romans and many Greeks rushed over all at once trying to get to him but it was like they hit an invisible wall, causing them to fly backwards.

A giant Asian boy helped the girl up and she looked like she was about to cry never taking his eyes of him.

"P.S" Annabeth said quietly, everyone froze and turned to her. "I will have a string every person in the room and Nico to show his relationship with you in his eyes. Though I tampered with the one connected to the Grace child." two people froze.

A Roman and a Greek who bore the same last name, "I suggest starting there, the key is on the wall." We all turned as a chart with multiple colors popped up, taking up at least half of the wall.

Red, enemy

Green, Friend

Yellow, Acquaintance

Blue, Family

Purple, Political/Business association

Pink, lover

The majority of the room stopped short one when they red the last color, except the Egyptian's who knew Anubis wouldn't be happy that his boyfriend was being used in such a way.

"Ahem" Carter cleared his throat and everyone turned to him as he stood there awkwardly (Yes, you were terribly awkward, Carter) "Weren't there supposed to be strings?" As soon as the words left his mouth multi colored cords sprung from Nico's chest.

We all had to make an effort not to cringe back as a wave of green attacked us. Every Brooklyn house member was now connected to Nico by a green cord barring the word friends in silver again and again.

The Greeks deviated much more, series of green, blue, and yellow binding them.

The blonde looked shocked at her cord, obviously not expecting the blue color shining back at her. To the Romans there were two blues, a purple, and two yellows. There must be some seriously unaware blondes in the room because Blondie on that side also looked shocked at his blue cord.

The girl with the circlet spoke up, "I'm confused, Nico's like a little brother to me and technically he's my cousin" Ah, they did have a resemblance. "Why would she have to change mine?" She looked towards the blonde as if she held all the answers.

"T-Thalia?" Blonde 2 spoke up. This is getting bloody annoying, if me don't learn their names soon I'm going to start giving them ones.

"Jason?!" She yelped. There we go! So Jason and Thalia Grace. They ran at each other meeting in the middle in an awww moment hug. She started sobbing and he clung to her like a life line.

She pulled away from him and examined him, "Oh gods it is you, that scar, you tried to eat a staple when you were 4!" She managed a watery smile.

"Look at you! Your so big. Who gave you permission to grow up without me?" She said sadly and his the corners of his mouth flicked up, "You've barely changed. How is it I'm the same age as my older sister? You seem to be missing about 7 years, Thal." She just hook her head.

"Thalia, you never said you had a younger brother" Percy (HA! I know this kids name) she turned towards him. "Long story short I thought he was dead and it was the reason I ran away." Annabeth smiled at him.

"I've heard a lot about you, though it was mostly Thalia mumbling under venom that she loved you and was sorry she took your stuffed animal when she was seven. You-you look like a friend we knew" She looked like it physically pained her to mention it.

Jason's head snapped up, "Wait a minute. Why are you, Greek?" He asked, obviously trying not to sound completely disgusted by the idea.

"Because I am, Thalia Grace daughter of Zeus. Your version of dad was better, he stuck around a while, was a lot more like a father to me. He always spoke Latin which I thought was weird though I guess I understand now" she said softly.

He sighed, "Wish I could remember it." He mumbled. The blonde still unnamed clapped, "Alright, as much as I don't like it," her face scrunched up, "We'll take the letters advice." Everyone nodded, though the Romans looked a little peeved at being bossed around.

"State your name, godly par- er, connection" She stumbled, obviously remembering the letters vagueness about parentage.

"What about the pink?" A girl from the Greek's sporting a yellow-green cord said quietly. "Obviously death breath doesn't have a girlfriend-" Snorted a violent looking girl who had yellow jutting from her chest.

I snickered, yeah, he definitely didn't have a girlfriend. She swung around, "You've all been rather quite, something funny dye head?" He sneered, and i fingered the died purple at the tips of m"y hair.

"As you can see, we're all friends here" That got me a high five from Jaz and chuckles from the other three, plus a few from other sections.

"I didn't even know Nico knew that many people" Percy said, looking genuinely confused. I shrugged, "Guess you just don't know him that well. If you havn't heard him complain about paper work for half an hour with-" I stopped myself.

"With who?" Blon- you know what no. "Whats your name? Because I doubt you want me to keep calling you blondie." her facial expression didn't change.

"Annabeth, girl with died hair, now, who isn't hear that Nico knows" I narrowed my eyes, she was good. "Sadie, hi Annabeth, and a friend of mine." She looked like she was going to try and pry but she was cut off.

"Wait, why do you see so much of him, we havn't seen him in over a year" the girl looked irtitated at being interrupted but let it pass. "Wonder why that is" Walt muttered and we all broke out in giggles and snickers.

Thalia narrowed her eyes at us, "What do you know that your not telling us." she demanded, I chose my words carefully "Let me just put it this way" Carter gave me a you-better-not-say-anything-stupid look and I rolled my eyes.

"This isn't our whole group. This is no where near the amount of people in the house of life, we're the Brooklyn branch, one of our friends would be, ticked
pink
, to be here" Carter face palmed at my amazing joke and Walt groaned.

Everyone elses mouths hung wide open. "Your kidding!" Percy nearly shouted and the girl who wore the blue string for the Romans cleared her throat.

All eyes turned to her as she blushed and stated quietly, "I know who your talking about. Nico took me and let me meet them, We're actually friends." I smiled

"Well then." I marched over to the other side of the room before grabbing her wrist and dragging her behind me to stand with us. "There we go! Any friend of Nibus is a friend of ares" I winked at her and she smiled at me.

The Asian boy looked like he was going to protest. "Now, more importantly" I said dead serious. "BE FRIENDS DAMMIT! IF HE DOESN'T WAKE UP WE'RE ALL GOING TO DIE- or maybe you know it'll just be your stupid goddess. Technically it wasn't our fault..." I reasoned.

"When who gets here?" Annabeth asked, she was one of those people that needed all the facts I guess. "Either one of our other friends, or pink cord person. Both could kill you" I said matter of facty.

Percy paled before smiling, "Well, what are we waiting for then?" He strode over to Thalia and Jason, pulling the blonde behind him. "Well Roman girl with blue cord before you leave want to tell me your name?" She laughed, "Hazel, my name is Hazel." she stated before going to join the others.

Everyone else took this as their cue to move around. There was only one girl with a yellow, but she head towards the others who had yellow green.

The purple girl looked at a loss so I whistled, "YOU! ROMAN LADY WITH THE PURPLE CORD!" She turned with a look of shock and mild horror on her face. I wiggled my eyebrows and beckoned her over, which she did reluctantly.

Couches appeared as well as wall in between all the groups. A note floated into my lap, I picked it up before reading it out loud. "You will be allowed to join another group when you have completely bounded in this one. Good luck." I smirked.

Blue Room Birds Eyes View.

They all stared at each other awkwardly. "Alright" Annabeth spoke up, "Lets do godly parent first, seeing as we're all demigods." They nodded.

"Percy Jackson, Son of Poseidon." He was calm, but he also held an air of power that made you want to listen to whatever he said. This irked Jason as he had to be strict and serious to command attention, didn't he?

"Hazel Levesque, daughter of Pluto" she was timid, though had a strong aura about her as well, as a matter of fact everyone in the room commanded respect.

The introductions went along smoothly, making a type of sense until it hit the girl who had suggested it in the first place. "My name is Annabeth Chase, and I'm a daughter of Athena" to the Romans this made absolutely no sense.

"But then why-" Hazel was cut of mid sentence, "To be honest I don't really know, though I've known him a really long time and he doesn't have any reason to feel like this, it makes me happy" She smiled, "It makes me happy and I have no idea why" everyone thought on this.

"So, why aren't we friends?" Percy asked bluntly, something that reminded Hazel of her brother. "Well, your Greek, we're Ro-" Percy cut Jason off. "Irrelevant. Half of all of us didn't care about the gods at all. For instance, I'll reintroduce myself" He smiled brightly.

"My name is Percy Jackson, my mother is Sally Jackson-Blofis and she's an aspiring author who used to work at Sweet on America in New York." Everyone who knew him was used to this idiotic brilliance, but Hazel and Jason couldn't help but look at him with a type of awe.

"My name is Thalia Grace, daughter of am actress who went insane and became an alcoholic. She died in a car accident after I ran away when I was 9." Thalia stated quietly.

"I second that, though instead of running away put me down for, being sacrificed to Hera. Or wolves, you know whatever got to me first." He shrugged.

"My name is Annabeth Chase, I have a step mother and two step brothers that don't like me, the feeling mutual. My father was a professor who cares about me, now. I ran away at 7 and met Thalia." the two girls smiled at each other.

"My name is Hazel Levesque, my mother was a fortune teller and physic in New Orleans, I went to a school for colored kids. I loved art and horses." The way she spoke in pass tense wasn't noticed, for the most part.

"Now Jason, any reason there why we shouldn't be friends?" Jason had nothing. "Right then, 20 Questions anyone?"

Yellow/Green Room Birds Eye View

The number of Greeks in the room was over powering as the Two Romans sat uncomfortably under their stares. "So" The girl with the yellow string started

"We just have to be friends with you then we get Death Breath back?" Katie face palmed as her boyfriend and his brother laughed at her bluntness.

"Lets start with how do you know Nico?" Chris hastily started, "Well, I don't know really. Hes the ambassador of Pluto. He brings news and helps defend camp sometimes. He brought Hazel" Piper stopped to watch Frank blush.

"That's about it, he doesn't stay around very long, doesn't even have his SPQR, just the probatio tablet." Though they were obviously confused, the Greeks weren't even going to inquire about that.

"Well, he's the son of Hades. Percy and Annabeth went to get him and his sister Bianca who long story short died on a quest they had to go on to save Annabeth. He, Percy, and Thalia are close, but other then that he doesn't have a lot of friends." Katie added their side.

"I was actually really surprised to see all the green cords" Travis admitted. They sat in awkward silence.

"I'M SO BORED!" He screamed after a second causing every one to laugh. "We're playing truth or dare, no pass'" there were reluctant nods of approval until he reached Frank and Piper, "What is truth or dare?" Frank asked, slight confused as well.

"Oh gods" Travis and Connor stated in unison.

Green/Purple Room Birds Eye View

As uncomfortable as Frank and Piper felt Reyna guaranteed it was at least 5x worse. The Egyptians were starting to freak he out as they had sat there staring at her for the past five minutes
without
blinking.

Sadie huffed, "Really, just be friends with us and we can be done!" Reyna looked at her oddly. "I know nothing about you, you make me uncomfortable, and your undisciplined. Why in the name of the gods would we be friends?"

Carter was slightly offended, "We're in the same position. By the way we're all disciplined, we just aren't a bunch of stiffs" he said casually.

"What did you just call me?" she spoke with nitrogen in her voice. "A stiff. Seriously our mom died freeing a cat goddess from a needle, or dad became the lord of the dead, Our uncle was possessed by the chaos god, we had to stop dooms day in the form of a ginormous snake" He looked her in the eyes.

"Its obvious you've been through quite a lot, but your not the only one. We road through hell, on a boat, made out of wood. Seriously you really need to try to kick your demons in the bollocks and walk away with a smile" Sadie added smiling

Reyna eyed her warily. "You don't seem at all suprised about any of this, infact I seem to remember you didn't even gasp when his name was spoken." Sadie laughed.

"Well, only Nico would have time for all this, and to be honest it doesn't really change how I see him at all. I actually thought he was a minor god" She flinched, hoping Reyna wouldn't want her to elaborate.

"Now then, never have I ever?" Zia suggested as every one else groaned. For all its downsides, Zia's lack of life experience made her damn near impossible to beat at this game.

-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-LATER-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-

The wall vanished leaving a beet red Jason, slightly scarred Reyna, and Franks licking Pipers shoe out in the open for anyone to see.

Everyone decided for the sake of dignity to not ask any questions.

"YAY! WE BONDED!" Jaz cheered and then cringed at all the stares "Did I say that aloud?" With a completely in sync nod from every other person in the room she ducked her head in embarrassment

"Sooooo" Sadie smirked, "Who's ready to mingle with magicians?"

Reyna backed up, "I've already done it. It wasn't, uh,
to
, scarring" She laughed nervously. Jason's eyes widened. "
What in the Gods Names
did you do" Walt rolled his eyes.

"Honestly all we did was play never have I ever. It wasn't that bad." he shuddered, "Just never play truth or dare with Sadie" the girl in question pouted.

"How about we try everyone now. It can't be that bad-" Then the flash came that the Egyptians had been waiting for. Everyone covered their eyes as a very pissed of death god came in, in just sweat pants.

"If that Greek upstart trys to forcefully summon me one more time I swear-" he grumbled before looking around, his face becoming much more serious.

"I'm going to kill her" he stated rather calmly. "DO YOU KNOW HOW MUCH EFFORT IT TAKES TO KEEP THESE PEOPLE AWAY FROME EACH OTHER!" He screamed at the cieling, "Years of work down the drain." He looked around mournfully.

Then his eyes landed on the chart, he rose an eyebrow before turning and freezing. A cord shot out to try and connect the two but Anubis quickly covered it with shadows to keep the color hidden.

"Your cord looked red." Jason stated, his hand kreeping towards his pocket. Anubis laughed, "Not even close. Now" He rose a hand and slammed it to the ground, bringing down with it a very unhappy godess.

"Listen here! I am the QUEEN of the Gods I-" Anubis interupted her "Don't care. How
dare
you use him as an olive branch. HE'S A PERSON NOT SOME STUPID TREE!" everyone (excluding those who have met him) were shocked.

"Out of my sight" With a wave of his hand she diapeared. He walked up to Nico and through the barrier like it wasn't even there,

"Nik, Nico." He said softly shaking his shoulder gently, "5 more minutes Ni-" Nico groaned and rolled over on thin air. Anubis rolled his eyes, "Your not going to get up for another three hours is I let you sleep, '5 more minutes'" He laughed.

"Then join me" That caused everyone to freeze, and the light shining off the cord managed to break through,
boyfriend,
was written in cursive in shiny, pink lettering.

No one knew what to say. "Anubis?" Nico asked, still half asleep. What he saw caused him to sit up right in alarm, fully awake.

This also caused him to drop out of the air onto his ass.

"Please, please tell me I'm dreaming" He turned to beg Anubis. He smiled sadly " 'Fraid not." Nico set his head between his knees and took deep breaths.

"For years,
years,
I have worked to keep these people apart. Who the hell undermined that and decided that this was a good idea?" He seethed.

"The Queen Bitch." he chuckled.

"I'm going to go home now. I'm going to go home and sleep, because I don't even want to think about the paper work this is going to cause." When he tried to shadow travel away the strings became tight and he was flung back into the room.

"It seems she bound everyone to the room, and you to everyone in it." Annabeth spat out, still trying to process the information, "GUYS!" Piper shrieked, staring at the wall.

"As a final demonstration, I will but how close Nico feels to all of you. -Hera, Queen of the
Gods
" The cords hissed as they lengthened and shortened.

The Yellow, Yellow/Green, and Purple where pushed to the outside walls. Green was significantly closer, Jason being behind them and Sadie being closer to blue.

Blue was two yards away, Percy, Thalia, and Hazel only a yard.

Then there was Anubis. His cord dragged him closer to Nico then before, ending in them both standing, flush against each other. Nico stood taller and decided to just bury his head in Anubis's neck and try to disappear.

"Well" he said quietly after everything had stopped, "Now you've seen three of my sides. They're all quite different, Jason and Reyna" They both perked up at hearing their names.

"I would appreciate you not telling Octavian, or, anyone, at camp Jupiter. I rather like being able to say I've never been stuffed in a bag full hungry weasels then thrown into a river" They both nodded mutely.

"I can make them forget meeting each other." Anubis said carefully. Nico nodded, "That would be for the best, you'll meet when you need to not when some crazy goddess feels like you have nothing going on. You can erase whatever you find necessary." And with that he was gone.

"Well, there's also a slight correction I have to make. It seems like you have a Greek attending a Roman camp" he frowned, "I'm sure you'll meet again" He waved his hand and all the eyes in the room glazed over.

"It seems like you'll be forgetting me then." Anubis didn't look upset about this in the slightest.

"Good by, for now."

OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo


Right then, so that was really long. Its really late at night right now and I'm tired. Happy mothers day and what not. If you liked this and realized it was REALLY FREAKING LONG FOR ME! (4530 words and counting) then...



FOLLOW!



COMMMENT!



VOTE!



BREAK SOMEONES FACE WITH YOUR TAPSHOE!



Stay on beat my little dancing ninjas!



~Liquidnight


>