

Sup people new story I quickly found that my novice writer thing about one story wasn't gonna work so yeah plus I wanted to get this up

don't own Pokemon Ranger Shadows of Almia only Aryn and any changes I made to the story line in the game like this part here


Prologue

A New Path

"Sorry Shade, but I cant continue like this... I need a new path. I'm headed for the Fiore region where my aunt and uncle live. I need a break from being a trainer." Aryn, a girl with long brown hair in a low ponytail said to a umbreon as she packed a bag for her short journey away from home.


Umbreon...?


"Fine ill take you with me but thats it okay? I'm not taking the others." She finally answered.


Umbri!


At first she hadn't wanted to take any of her team but she and Shade had been partners a long time. Grabbing her bag and Shade's pokeball she slipped out of the house not looking back.

Arriving a week later in Fiore, Aryn smiled as she looked around meeting her uncle's gaze.

"I don't agree with you running away like you did but I wont tell your parents. You're always welcome to stay with us as long as you like." Was his reply as they met in the crowd.

"I know I just cant be a trainer anymore. My parents wouldn't understand and neither would my siblings."

"True... My brother has never been the understanding type" Her uncle picked up her small bag and started walking off. "so I hope you'll enjoy your stay here, Aryn. There aren't many trainers here in Fiore so it should be the perfect break for you."

"Thanks for letting me come here uncle, I really appreciate it."

"Oh of course! Theres no need to thank me. You know, Kaya has been looking forward to having a big sister so don't be surprised if she starts calling you that."

"All right that'll be interesting." just then Shade jumped out of his pokeball and looked around


Umbreon?


"Eh? Shade! Never mind just don't wander off its too easy to loose you in this crowd."

"I see you brought your most trusted partner let me guess he didn't let you leave without you"

"Yeah... I don't mind its nice to have my friend here"

"I see. Well we-" he was unable to finish his sentence as a shout rose up.

"Stop right there!" a man suddenly pushed past aryn causing her to stumble as he ran. Another guy in a strange uniform stopped by them and helped her up. "sorry 'bout that everyone all right?"

Her uncle responded, "yes ranger everything seems to be okay"

"No wait! Where's Shade?"

"Shade?" asked the ranger.

"My umbreon... I don't see him anywhere!" Aryn was now panicking. "That man must have stolen him!" she turned towards the ranger. "you're a ranger right? Can you help me get my pokemon back?"

"Of course. Ranger Crawford at your service."

Aryn snapped her eyes open as a voice came over the plane's intercom signaling that they have arrived in Almia. She smiled, she finally could start on her new life... As a Ranger of Almia.


please review otherwise I'll get Shade to hunt you down… jk.

but seriously review it really makes me happy to know people are reading

>