

OSAD 1

A girl no more than eight with shoulder length jet black hair starred out the window of the limousine tears silently streaming down from her silver eyes. The loss of her mother tore horribly at her heart and the fear of the man that was her father which she knew nothing about that she was going to live with filled her mind to the brim.

She had seen her father on TV a few times, but that was it and she only knew now because when her mother lay on her death bed due to the hit and run the doctor asked if she'd like to call her father. This confused Vanessa very much seeing as she had been told her father was dead.

Her mother confessed that he was in fact still very much alive, but knew nothing about Vanessa. Her mother had refused to tell him she was in critical condition despite her daughters suggesting that he might be able to help, that was just the type of woman Sara Rose Jones had been. In any case it was already too late, soon after Sara passed away.

The limo pulled up in front of his house and Vanessa could feel her nerves hit her full force, not only was she in a new country having never stepped foot out of Europe, but she was meeting her father for the first time in all her life, a man that was known for his less than saintly life style.

She was not a stranger to moving around, her mother was from Germany, but had moved around a lot because of her European Prima Donna status, but now Tony Stark was about to become her father she would probably be more stationary and she didn't know how he was going to take having a daughter in the first place.

"Come on sweetie." Her care taker said taking her hand and leading her out of the limo while pulling Vanessa's large rolling suitcase behind her. She then handed Vanessa a handkerchief with a small smile. "Let's make you look pretty for your dad."

"How did he take it? Discovering he was a dad?" Vanessa asked as she wiped her face free of her tears. The social worker was quiet for a moment before answering, but she knew that it was useless trying to hide anything from Vanessa. She was a child wise far beyond her years.

"As well as anyone can expect." She replied with worried eyes remembering the interesting phone call she had had with him.

"Right." Vanessa said as they walked up to the front door. The social worker knocked on the door and they stood back waiting for it to be answered.

"Just smile, he'll love you." The social worker said encouragingly. Vanessa wasn't so sure, but managed a small smile any way. The door was opened, but instead of Tony Stark it was his assistant Pepper Potts looking very confused.

"Can I help you?" Pepper asked, looking down at the small girl clutching a knit dove doll, a gift from her mother long ago, then back at the social worker.

"Ms. Potts, this is Vanessa Nicole Jones we told Mr. Stark of her arrival today." The Social worker said. Pepper looked down at Vanessa then back at the social worker. "Maybe I should clarify, this is Vanessa Nicole Jones-Stark, Tony Stark's daughter."

Pepper looked down at the little girl in shock for a moment and could instantly tell that the social worker was telling the truth. She looked like a shorter female version of Tony with subtle differences and the color of her eyes, a startling silver.

"One moment please." Pepper said in a tight voice as she started to tap on some flat screen. Vanessa heard a strange noise then saw her father come up to the front door.

"Oh yeah, I forgot about you." He said eyeing Vanessa. The social worker gasped as Vanessa felt like someone had kicked her in the gut and clenched her dove tighter to her chest looking away willing the tears to go away. Pepper hit Stark upside the head hard and glared viciously at him. "What?!"

"Here are the papers; she must stay with you legally now." The social worker said evenly her own glare pointed at Tony. "Her mother Sara Rose Jones and you were together for a time as I understand it." Tony nodded remembering the beautiful blonde haired silver eyed woman, eyes that she had passed on to her daughter, their daughter. "She passed away from injuries sustained in a hit and run leaving her daughter to you."

Tony's eyes went wide with shock and something akin to regret and sadness passed through them before his mask slid back into place. Pepper looked over the papers as Tony read them over her shoulder and nodded curtly.

"She's right." Pepper said looking at Tony who looked stricken. "You're a dad, congratulations."

"She doesn't have an aunt or…" Tony started nervously, not liking the idea of so much responsibility at all.

"You are her last living relative." The Social worker said glaring coldly at Tony. Vanessa couldn't even look at him keeping her eyes trained on the ground as tears slipped down her face. Pepper kneeled down in front of Vanessa smiling gently.

"Hi, I'm Pepper, how about I show you to your room while Tony finishes up here?" Pepper said holding out her hand to Vanessa. Vanessa looked at it for a moment before taking it and following her inside Pepper now pulling her suitcase she had taken from the social worker behind them.

She could hear Tony arguing with the social worker who started to threaten to bring in the media if he didn't co-operate. Vanessa was grateful when they were too far away to hear them anymore. Every time he tried to think of a way to get rid of her was like another slap to her face.

>