

Three memorials now set in the center of the garden commemorating their beloved teachers and friends. In their honor they had reopened the school and students were pouring in by the droves.

"Hey." Storm said as Jimmy ran up to her and gave her a hug. "Good to see you, buddy."

"Jimmy." Vanessa said with a smile as she rubbed the top of his head. Then motioned to where two boys about his age were waving him over. "Blake and Tyler are inside waiting for you."

"Thanks." Jimmy said before he rushed off.

It had been a week since Alcatraz and things were looking up for the institute and mutants over all it seemed. Her dad had been upset with her when he found out, but luckily he was in Afghanistan and about to present the Jericho so he didn't really have time to give her the proper read off of the right act, but Pepper had filled in nicely. Ororo had seen her after the call and commented on how pale and scared she looked, but that was nothing compared to the rant she heard from Loki.

*Flashback*

Vanessa watched as Loki paced back and forth as he ranted on and on about how putting her life in such foolish danger was completely reckless of her. How she could have been killed or injured and so much more, the list was almost endless.

"Loki." Vanessa said, but her didn't hear her and continued on. "Loki." She tried again in a sing song voice to no effect. "Loki." Rolling her eyes she stepped directly into his pathway causing him to come to a stop as she took hold of his upper arms. "Loki, I had to do it. I could not stand by and not do anything."

"But…" He started. Vanessa put a hand up.

"Loki, please understand that this was my family and I had to protect them." Vanessa said. "You would do the same for yours."

"I know, I just don't want to lose you." Loki said softly as he pulled her into a tight hug resting his cheek on the top of her head as he held her. She in turn wrapped her arms around him as well sighing contentedly.

"You won't." Vanessa said as she nuzzled into his embrace.

He kissed the top of her head making her feel like she had been doused in warm water. She smiled as she looked up at him and he quickly captured her mouth in a tender kiss, holding as close to himself as he could.

A light nip at her lip caused her to gasp giving Loki the chance to slip his tongue into her mouth. He gave her enough hesitation to pull back if she wanted, but she pressed forward teasing his tongue with hers.

"I should get into more fights." Vanessa said with a dreamy smile when they parted. Loki just smiled as he brought her in for another world shattering kiss. Her last coherent thought was that she could get used to this.

*End of Flashback*

"Did you hear about Hank?" Ororo asked breaking Vanessa out of her thoughts as they continued to watch kids come in.

"You mean Ambassador Hank." Vanessa said. "Yeah, I've never seen him so happy." Suddenly Vanessa's phone went off jingling the 'Power Ranger' ringtone. "I will be right back."

Vanessa stepped off to the side looking at the caller ID before answering.

"Jell-O Rhodey, what's up?" Vanessa asked in a happy voice.

"Vanessa, I don't…I don't know how to say this." Rhodey said in a hoarse voice.

"Rhodey, what's wrong?" Vanessa asked fearfully. Rhodey took a deep breath before answering her.

"Your dad is missing." Rhodey said. "He was taken prisoner by a group of terrorists." Vanessa felt her world tilt under her as she fell to her knees and her phone slid from her grasp clattering to the ground. "Vanessa? Vanessa, are you there?!"

"Vanessa, what's wrong?" Ororo said as she ran over to her, but Vanessa didn't answer. Ororo picked up the phone and talked for a bit before hanging up. Ororo wrapped her arms around Vanessa as she cried silently her eyes unfocused.

"Ororo, what wrong with Vanessa?" Logan asked as he ran over having come out to see how the new students were doing.

"Her dad, he's been taken hostage." Ororo said as she stroked Vanessa's hair.

"Oh geeze." Logan said as he knelt down and scooped Vanessa up and carried her inside and up to her room laying her gently on the bed while Ororo followed. Vanessa lay in the bed starring up at the ceiling as tears streamed down her face.

"What do we do now?" Logan asked.

Suddenly Vanessa let out a horrible scream causing Ororo and Logan too jump as every object in the room shook violently. Things started to crack and shatter all around them as she wailed. She continued to scream as Ororo gathered her into her arms rocking her back and forth as Vanessa's screams turned into sobs. Everything that had been floating in the air fell to the ground with a crash as she clung to Ororo.

>